Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2015 financial results. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that can lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For your convenience, this morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-K next week. After the conclusion of the call, we will post updated supplementary historical data on the Presentations section of our Investor Relations site for your reference. The supplementary information includes historical data on gross margins, changes in active selling communities, product mix, and our mortgage operations. Now I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Stephen, this is the first quarter that we did see, on a year-over-year basis, our revenues tick up in – per square foot – in excess of our stick-and-brick costs, which would be both our labor and materials. Our revenues per square foot were up about 4%, whereas our stick-and-brick per square foot was up 3.5%. The sequential trend was good as well. Our revenues outpaced our stick-and-brick. You didn't see that flow through as an increase to our margin because we do have slightly higher land costs today. But, as we mentioned, our margin's stable in spite of higher land, labor, and material costs, and we were able to offset the majority of that with pricing this quarter. So we've been working on that this entire year to get that back in check, and happy to say that we got there by the end of the year. In terms of labor, I mean, David will probably speak to how we feel about labor overall.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah. We would still expect to see normal seasonality in the business, which would infer a decline in Q1. Sales – we don't guide to sales for a reason. It's really hard for us to estimate what our sales are going to be. We did give guidance for the full year on closings. So clearly we have to sell at least that many homes, if not more. So we do feel like we're going to close between 39,500 homes and 41,500 homes for the full year. But, as you saw in Q4, and as we've talked about, we're not going to be at a 30% growth rate moving forward. We did that for three years straight, and – going to be hard to do that again. But we do think our consolidated revenues will be up 10% to 15%. And Q1's typically our softest quarter, and we do expect to see normal seasonality in Q1 and really not know what the year holds until we get to the spring.
Jessica Hansen: And they're both also perfect examples of where local market share and building specs on a consistent basis really comes into play. So that, coupled with their experience is really why we think we've been able to not have that show up as much in our results as it has in others'.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah. We feel about 70% of what we closed this quarter was a spec. So the margin we reported is essentially a spec margin.
Jessica Hansen: Mike, we actually on our last call only gave the consolidated pre-tax margin as official guidance. We had some sidebars as we got into the Q&A. But our official guidance in July was just for the 10.5% to 11.5% consolidated pre-tax margins, so we did reiterate that on this call. And then our SG&A guidance for fiscal 2016, which is – this the first time we're giving what we would consider to be our official SG&A guidance – is for 9.2% to 9.4% of homebuilding revenues.
Jessica Hansen: No. As you indicated to me earlier today, our land sales are choppy, and we do know that. But when we look at our SG&A, we look at it all in, as a percentage of our total homebuilding revenues. And that lines up with our income statement, with – "total homebuilding revenues" is actually our line, but is inclusive of both home sales revenue and land sales revenue.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. A couple of things, Nishu. Our financial services team has done an outstanding job the last couple of years – well, and really longer than that – but the last few years they've seen outsized operating margins as what we would've expected from them historically. They continue to have just better loan sale execution and higher loan amounts this year, which helped them leverage their SG&A better. But we also had a slightly unusual item this year in terms of a $10 million reduction in our loan loss reserve. We were actually successful in some negotiations with mortgage purchasers for amounts lower than we originally anticipated. So we did lower our reserve amount in Q4, and the full-year amount was $10 million. So that was a slight pickup to their margin this year, which we aren't expecting to repeat in 2016, coupled with – we just don't know if we're going to be able to sustain the higher operating margins that they've been running for the last two years. So they'll continue to operate as efficiently as they can and do as well as they can. And as we move throughout the year we'll update that guidance if that 30% to 33% doesn't look right.
Jessica Hansen: We'll see if it's sustainable. We're guiding to essentially flat gross margins next year. So that would infer that we do expect labor to continue to be a challenge. But our goal next year is going to be to continue to keep those in line. If we're able to get more pricing and improve our margin as we move throughout the spring, we will. But where we sit today in November, we feel pretty comfortable that we can offset any labor and material and land increases with our sales prices.
Jessica Hansen: And then in terms of our overall ASP, obviously, as Express continues to become a bigger mix, we're not going to expect our ASP to continue to climb at the same rate, because we do have mix impact impacting that as well.
Jessica Hansen: A lot of it was driven by Express, Sue. We've opened a lot of new communities because of a lot of new investments all across the Southeast in all of our brands. So we saw a very nice pickup in our absorptions, coupled with an increase in our community count that really drove their order increase this quarter.
David V. Auld: In closing, 2015 was our third consecutive year to generate 30% or greater increases in both home sales revenues and homebuilding pre-tax income. While significantly growing the business, we also generated $700 million of positive cash flow from operations. And our annual return on inventory improved 170 basis points to 12.8%. This is a result of the strength of our people and our operating platform, and we are excited about the opportunities ahead. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pre-tax profits at a double-digit annual pace while continuing to generate positive cash flows and improved returns. We are well-positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet; industry-leading market share; broad geographic footprint; diversified product offering across our D.R. Horton, Emerald, and Express brands; attractive finished lot and land position; and, most importantly, our outstanding team across the country. We'd like to thank all of our employees for their great work and tremendous accomplishments this year, and we look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations in 2016. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David V. Auld: Steve, this is David. We're continuing to look at opportunities. We're in the position we're in because we've been disciplined about it and trying to find the right cultural fit when we do combine. If you look at our history of merger and acquisitions, the culture and fit has typically been more important than the assets that we're acquiring. So we're going to be disciplined and opportunistic. But, yes, we are looking continuously and believe that where we find a good fit at the right price, it's an additive to our company.
David V. Auld: Stephen, David. No question; labor is tight. The reports coming out of other builders – I mean, we're not immune to it. I think we have mitigated it by having the best operating team in the industry. And the relationships that our people have with vendors, suppliers put us at the front of the line. So it flows back to the time with a company, time in a market.
David V. Auld: I do think we're approaching – the market continues to improve. The latest jobs report did show 30,000-plus construction jobs being added. Why it's taken this long to start adding those jobs I'm not sure, but hopefully that's a trend of something that's going to take place. And we will re-staff our production so that we get back to a normal national building environment.
David V. Auld: And, Ken, this is David. I'll also say that weather did impact kind of the process last year. And we had a great year because we have great people. But tight labor and weather conditions are a reality in this industry. So that kind of made some things shift around a little bit. But, yes, we're a seasonal business. We plan to build, sell, and close based upon what the historical seasons have been.
David V. Auld: I don't think we're paying people more. Actually, I think we got a lot of efficiencies and benefit from our overall market share and presence. You guys are going to get tired of me saying this, but it really is the people. We got the – one of the toughest markets, toughest weather conditions, toughest labor markets, is our Dallas-Fort Worth area. And those two guys, because they have been in the market for 20-plus years, because they have a direct relationship with the vendors and suppliers, make a call and get people to show up. And you just can't put a – you can't quantify that and put it into a model.
David V. Auld: – 24 inches in our major markets in Texas in May. And so we lost about two months of starts, and that's – we were able to drive the conversion at the end of the year because those houses were started. But it – right now, today, if we had more houses, we'd be at a higher conversion rate.
David V. Auld: Our primary goal is to continue to improve the efficiency metrics of this industry and of our company. And conversion rate is a major goal for us.
David V. Auld: I would say we still think that there's legs left in this cycle. I mean, we're not even close to what is a historical demand. So we're trying to be very judicious and value the capital we have. So I'd say some kind of balance. One quarter, it may look like we're – didn't buy enough. The next quarter it may look like we bought too much. But it's a balanced approach to drive efficiency throughout the entire company. We don't want too much land. We don't want too little land.
David V. Auld: Well, we opened 24 new markets with Express in fiscal 2015. That puts us in 48 markets out of the 70-plus we operate in. So -
David V. Auld: It's less about brand than it is about return on investment and the pace of absorption to drive the highest return. It's a balance of margin, sales base, and deliveries. So that's something we look at project by project, market by market to maximize the return to the company and the shareholders.
David V. Auld: At this point in the cycle, we believe having flexibility and liquidity is a good thing and will give us an opportunity to take advantage of investments that – we'll be the only one bidding. So we like that environment.
David V. Auld: Hey, Ryan. It's David. It depends on the market – framing labor, Sheetrock labor, electricians, A/C. I mean, every major trade in certain markets have been stretched very, very tight. So – this is the last weather comment I'll make, that when you can't start a house for two months, concrete, labor, and material becomes very, very tight. So it's a market by market, trade by trade.
David V. Auld: The labor's not going to impact our – I mean, we're going to deal with labor, and we're better positioned to deal with it than anybody else. So that's an advantage to us. Where we're going to invest, where we're looking at, it changes quarter to quarter. And right now today, we have markets we're underinvested in and are working hard to drive – to get a level of investment there that allows us to grow at what we think the market will give us.
David V. Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in January to share our first quarter results. And to the D.R. Horton team listening in out there, congratulations on an outstanding year. You are the best in the industry. Thank you for what you do every day.
Michael J. Murray: In general, across the board, community-by-community is where we're seeing pricing. On a brand basis, mix is a big factor. On our Express brand, as we've been rolling it out into more markets, the more recent markets we've rolled it into are at a higher ASP. So we have seen an increase in our average ASP in Express, as we've expected to see. On the Emerald brand, again as we're rolling that out across the country, we've seen that have a fair amount of fluctuations from quarter to quarter. But in the current quarter we're in the mid-$500,000 range.
Michael J. Murray: Yeah. Nishu, I think you hit on it. We did touch on some of the factors that are affecting us. There was – it rained in a lot of places. Not making any excuses for that, but we still looking for next year, the full year, to revenues to be up 10% to 15%. And we're going to see our first quarter conversion rate, we believe, to be a little lower than it was last year.
Michael J. Murray: That's why one of our major goal is to substantially increase our option land position where we're at a balance today at 68% owned. Obviously, our long term, we'd love to be much closer to 50%/50% split there, and so to the extent that we can increase our option position much more efficient with our capital, lower risk as well, we'd like to do that. So it's still a goal.
Michael J. Murray: Florida was a major entrance this year. And as we add to other markets, we're starting to add markets in the West now, that's adding to our presence. That starts to change the mix a bit, and we'll diversify a bit from where we are. But I think still our long-term expectation is really Texas across the Southeast including the Carolinas and Florida will still remain the core of Express, might even remain the majority of our overall volume. But we do continue to diversify as the rollout continues.
Michael J. Murray: But when we look at our home sales revenue on a year-over-year basis across all three of our brands, all three of our brands increased at a strong double-digit pace. Clearly, as we've expanded Express and Emerald, they've grown at a higher percentage as we rolled them out. But all three of our brands grew at a strong double-digit pace.
Bill W. Wheat: Collin, this will be in the supplemental information we'll put out after the call, but our closing ASP for the quarter on a sequential basis was up across all brands. It was mix that brought the overall down sequentially slightly. And on a year-over-year basis, we were essentially flat in Emerald but up substantially in Express and Horton.
Bill W. Wheat: We continue to expect both Express and Emerald to grow as a percentage of the business, as they did this year. As we roll them out into further markets, we would expect by the end of fiscal 2016 that we would have Express into most of the markets that we expect it to be in. And in terms of percentage of revenues, certainly could be nearing the 20% level. And Emerald, in terms of percentage of revenues, would start moving up – further up into the higher single digits.
Bill W. Wheat: As we look forward – Steve, this is Bill – a lot of the level in which we will reinvest or the level in which we will invest depends on what we see in the sales environment in the spring this next year. So at this point, as we look forward, we feel comfortable that a $300 million to $500 million range will occur even with a reinvestment level north of 20%.
Bill W. Wheat: It's possible we might invest even higher than that if we see sufficient strength in the market or the need. But if we stay at around that 20% level, yes, your calculations are in the ballpark that we could be at the higher end or maybe even above that range on cash flow. But we're certainly in a flexible position, and we'll adjust our investment decisions based on what we see in the market as we get into calendar 2016.
Bill W. Wheat: Sure. Steve, this is Bill. I'll start at the back end. We are still working with our 24-month cash return as our base underwriting guidelines. And vast majority of the land we're buying will fit within that. We're certainly in a flexible position, and occasionally strategically we might go outside that box. But vast majority of the time we're staying within 24-month cash return. In terms of community count growth, we've stated we expect it to be relatively flat to slightly up. Low to mid-single digits would be probably the top end of the growth expectations. Really, we're looking across our business. We've seen significant increases in the Southeast over the last couple of years, but we're seeing a few markets perhaps starting to show some signs of life further north, and in the Southwest as well, that perhaps we could – it may be time to show some growth there. So really looking across the breadth of our business. As we look at our cash flow expectations for the year, of course, we did announce an increase in our dividend, a 28% increase in that, so that's already out there as far as the use of our cash. We are going to remain flexible and opportunistic around investments in the business. Great position to be in with $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion of cash today heading into the spring. And then we want to see what the spring demand is and decide our level of reinvestment in the business there, but still feel comfortable with that and still be able to generate $300 million to $500 million of free cash flow next year. The debt maturities of $543 million are certainly a priority for us. Again, flexible position. We certainly have the cash to be able to pay it all in cash if we were to so choose. Our current expectations is that we would refinance a portion of that and pay off a portion of that in cash, so that our net balance would decrease a bit. Past that, really, our mantra is remain opportunistic while remaining disciplined. And all things could be on the table, but we want to keep our options open.
Bill W. Wheat: Mike, going backwards, October sales were – we're happy with our October sales level in line with our expectations, but as we always said, one month does not quarter make. And looking at individual markets, we've been very happy with our Texas performance, which is our South Central external region, primarily. Continue to see good performance in the Southeastern part of the country. And as (31:14) in the communities we invested in there, we've built a great presence. And perhaps some of the markets out west in Arizona are starting to show some encouraging signs as well. But it's hard to really quantify market by market when we look at this.
Bill W. Wheat: That related to one division within our Southeast region. That was the Huntsville market that we entered as a result of the Breland acquisition in 2012, and that was as a result of some challenging market conditions in Huntsville. And I don't look for any read-through to any other markets or margin effect anywhere else.
Bill W. Wheat: A word about our normal relationship between spec and overall. Spec margins are a bit below – 100, 200 basis points below the company average, which is about normal.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes. Obviously with our guidance of 10% to 15% revenue growth with low to mid-single digit community count, where we are anticipating incremental absorption improvement, and part of that – one driver of that – is the continued rollout of Express. As it has been this year, as a contributor to some absorption improvement, we do expect further absorption improvement driven by Express, as well as our efforts to continue to be more efficient across all of our brands across all of our communities in the company.
Bill W. Wheat: Right. Mike, yes, there is a distinguishment we need to make between the level of investment we're going to make versus the level of our inventory balance – our land inventory balance on our balance sheet. We do expect to grow our spending, our investments, by more than 20%. We do expect some increase in our development spend in that expectation and then some increase in our absolute spending for land acquisition. Our percentage of our land acquisition spend has been pretty consistent, and around half of that spend has been for finished lots. And we would expect that to continue, especially as we increase our option lot position and continue to add to that and buy finished lots there. So there's still a very strong element of finished-lot purchases in that. But even with an increase in our spending or investment level of greater than 20%, we only expect our balance sheet – our land inventory balance to be relatively stable to slightly grow. So what we're essentially doing is replenishing our lot position, and that's kind of what we've been doing for the last year to two years, is essentially replenishing our owned lot position, but to do that at an increased closing level requires an increase in investment.
Bill W. Wheat: In an improved demand environment, I would say yes. But where demand conditions are today, we feel comfortable at our absorptions and our community levels. And so we have a kind of a balance, if you will, an equilibrium, at the community level we're comfortable guiding to right now.
Bill W. Wheat: I think, Eric, to follow-on what David said that we would expect that to be at a replenishment level to slightly higher. But all the while looking to be more efficient with our capital. More efficient with our inventory to drive a higher turn. A higher backlog conversion, a higher rollover of our assets to be better stewards of that capital. To drive the return on our invested inventory up.
Bill W. Wheat: We do expect incremental improvement in our leverage, I think, as we move each year into the cycle, I think we think that's prudent, and a prudent management of our balance sheet. So what that gives us is a lot of flexibility. And it gives us the potential to be very opportunistic. So, to the extent that a great opportunity comes along, we've got of plenty of room on our balance sheet and plenty of liquidity to be able to take advantage of it. So, from our standpoint, that's really what we're trying to maintain: this flexibility and the ability to be opportunistic. I talked earlier in one of the responses to the previous question about our priorities for cash flow around we increased our dividend, we're going to continue to invest in the business, and we'll adjust that based on what we see next year. We do expect incremental reduction in our debt. And then past that, our mantra is opportunistic but disciplined. We certainly have done some limited share repurchases in the past. I would say that's not near the top of our list right now given the opportunities that we see to invest in our business and generate a strong return in our business.
Bill W. Wheat: Certainly. We have active communications with them, in-person meetings with them as well. And certainly the progress that we're making in our business, the improvement we're showing in our liquidity and in our leverage, are all positive things that rating agencies love to see. From our standpoint, if we continue to improve and continue to show the progress and do what we've said we're going to do, we certainly believe that our metrics and the way we're operating our company are consistent with an investment-grade rating. The actual decision and timing of when that will be is certainly out of our hands. From our standpoint, though, the decision point or the goal of being investment grade isn't the end. What our goal is, is to be in position, and once it has been achieved, that it can be sustained over the long term through the cycles. And so, from our standpoint, when it happens doesn't really matter. It will happen, and it will be sustained.
Nishu Sood: Thanks. I wanted to ask about the backlog conversion ratio, which you guided for, for the first quarter. I think you said 72% to 74%, kind of low to mid-70%s.
Nishu Sood: Sure, sure. No, no, appreciate that. You folks have had eight quarters in a row of your backlog turnover ratio being higher on a year-over-year basis. I mean, that's a terrific achievement in light of the pressure that the industry has been facing and obviously have been discussed here in the Q&A already. This would be the first quarter where you would be down on a year-over-year basis. So I just wanted to understand that a little bit better. Is this just a reflection of the issues that you were discussing, the delivery and the labor challenges? Are you changing in terms of the sort of units that you're building – less specs, maybe? Just wanted to understand the drivers of it being lower year over year.
Nishu Sood: Got it. So then it's more temporary issues as opposed to changes to operating procedures, such – let's say building less specs or (46:20)
