Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2023. Before we get started, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and its most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q early next week. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News & Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Joe. We've been really focused on our flag count. I mean, we clearly have the lot position to open new communities and to grow our community count, whereas the last couple of years, it's not moved more than a low-single digit percentage. We do feel like we're positioned to be closer to the mid-single digits going forward. So not necessarily 9% going forward, but around the mid-single digits quarter-to-quarter. There can be some choppiness just determining when we close out of communities and ultimately bring them online, but our lot position is there and our operators are focused on growing their flag count.
Jessica Hansen: Excited about the most recent [indiscernible] Truland in terms of already having been one of our largest lot developers in our Gulf Coast region. And so, we picked up Truland's homebuilding operations, but Nathan Cox and his team will continue to be a key component in terms of developing lots to us and for us in the Gulf Coast.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Mike. So, I mean, we're not in this for quarterly results. We're in this for the long term and to build as much shareholder value as we can over the long term. So, quarter to quarter to quarter, as you've heard David say over and over, we're focused on being consistent, and, as we've talked about, it's all tied to our starts pace. So, we're not managing to a sales number in Q4. If the market's there and our cycle times continue to improve, we might be able to see a little bit better than normal seasonality. If the market were to weaken for some reason or we don't get as many homes started ultimately, it could be less than normal seasonality. Right now, we feel like we're positioned to increase our starts slightly from where we were in Q3. And also, as we've talked about, our construction cycle times have continued to improve and our flag count has grown. So, we feel like we're very well-positioned. But frankly, we're more focused on positioning for '24 at this point than we are worried about Q4. I mean, we're going to finish out the year very strong and generate strong returns and continue to add to book value and position ourselves to go do the same in 2024.
Jessica Hansen: And as a reminder, we sell and close generally 35% to 40% of our homes intra-quarter, so you never see those in our backlog that we're reporting at a quarter-end anyway, which is why Bill is alluding to home starts and our homes in inventory being a better driver and an indicator of what we're going to close in a forward period.
Jessica Hansen: It was still on a majority of the homes we closed in the third quarter, but it was at a lower percentage than it was in Q2 in terms of the number of buyers utilizing that incentive.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. I'll start, Ken, and then I'm sure Mike or someone is going to chime in on the true ops piece of it. But in terms of the 53% that we said in our scripted remarks of our option lots that we expect to be purchase-finished, that's just at a point in time. So that's where we've already determined who's going to develop those lots for us, and we know we're going to take them down as a finished lot. That's by no means a ceiling. We're now closing 60%-plus of our houses quarter-to-quarter on a lot purchased from a third-party developer. And so, we -- in the normal course of business, we'll contract with a land seller as D.R. Horton, put the option [on the] (ph) contract and then we'll go find a land developer. So, the 53% is more of a floor than necessarily a ceiling.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. Our guide does and will continue to just incorporate the homes that we've closed and our leasing pace and when those projects are available to be sold and marketed. And so, we've sold projects on a one-off basis, but as we continue to scale that business, it's opening up additional interested investors who -- there's institutional money that doesn't necessarily want to buy just one project at a time. They're interested in buying a portfolio of projects. The deal you're talking about was press speculation. We haven't publicly commented on any specifics of that transaction. But when we look at our rental communities, whether we're selling multiple projects to one investor or not, they are all individual real estate transactions. And so, we would continue to point to our disclosures on a unit basis in terms of the number of completed homes we have and rental units in terms of what that forward pace of sales looks like, and we'll continue to do sales of individual projects, and I'm sure we'll continue to do packages of sales going forward.
Jessica Hansen: We've generally been talking about our rental platform combined, but in our 10-Q, you can see a breakdown and we do give our unit breakdowns separately. So, '24 is going to be a pretty big growth year from a multi-family perspective and we're going to continue to scale the single family. But as we scale both sides of the business, it could still be choppy quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year, with ultimate overall growth on an annual basis expected.
Jessica Hansen: They prefer what they can afford. So, what we generally see is that buyers continue to want as much square footage as they can get, but they're constrained by what they can afford, which is why we continue to start more and more of our smaller floor plans. We did see a slight tick down on a year-over-year basis again by about 2% in the terms of square footage on our homes closed. It was flat sequentially. So, we would expect just continued very gradual moves down in our average square footage today.
David Auld: In closing, our results and position reflect our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings. All of these are key components of our operating platform to sustain our ability to produce consistent returns, growth and cash flow, while continuing to aggregate market share. We will maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your continued focus and hard work. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: Hey, Steve, as to the 25,000 starts per quarter, we are very focused on increasing -- incrementally increasing starts quarter to quarter to quarter. And we believe that as we continue this process, we will consolidate the labor availability capacity. And with labor and material consolidation, our ability to program out our starts and then continue to build the houses and gain efficiency in that process, it's just an ongoing effort. So, do we have a target out there of we've got to get to this number? No. Our target is market by market, flag by flag, how do we consolidate these markets and increase our market share. And just by the nature of doing that, we're going to get bigger and bigger and bigger. And I'll let Mike reply to the rental question.
David Auld: That is a -- going back to the start question, that is a factor in our start pace is making sure that we have the capacity to continue to deliver these houses in a more -- in a faster and more efficient way. It all flows together so that we can actually deliver more houses with fewer homes and inventory quarter-to-quarter, quarter-to-quarter.
David Auld: And I do believe that we're going to have a lot more houses to sell this year, given the shortened cycle time and our ability to give people a date certain to close. So, we were limited in the number homes last year. So, the comparison this quarter to last quarter, a year-ago quarter, is probably going to -- it's going to look better than typical seasonality.
David Auld: I think, yes, yes, and yes. We've been focused for years now on simplifying this business and creating a level of consistency that didn't exist in the '80s, '90s, or early 2000s. And jokingly I call it building a real business, and I believe we have and are doing that. And coming out of the downturn, there was tremendous opportunity to consolidate market. But we didn't have the liquidity or balance sheet to do it. So, as we have grown through this last 15 years, 20 years -- 15 years, I guess, our goal has been to create a company with a balance sheet and the liquidity to take advantage of any disruptions in the market. And since 2019, it just seems like, at least quarterly, you either coming out of it or going into it another disruption. So, it's the power of the platform and we talk a lot about it. I think you're seeing it play out. It's people, it's location, product, it's just trying to simplify the business and create affordability to a level nobody else can achieve. And that's going to consolidate these markets.
David Auld: Carl, we talk about it a lot, seems like in the last couple of years, but it is really hard to put a lot on the ground. It is really hard to build houses. And these private guys, now, they've got to struggle with capital from either private or banks increasing in cost. So, do we have the opportunity to talk to a lot of these guys? Yes, we do. But it's going to take unique opportunities for us to invite them into the family, because we do have a special culture here and we're not going to screw it up trying to force a square peg in a round hole.
David Auld: And I will say, I've had a personal relationship with Nathan Cox for 15 plus years, and he is an example of somebody that absolutely mirrors our culture. He's a super quality guy. He's built a good company, and somebody who we're going to be in business with for a long, long time.
David Auld: Yes, it's something we work on every day. Aggregating market share involves aggregating trade base and materials within those communities. And we've been talking about a consistent start pace when we've been talking about simplifying the process and making it easier for our trades to get to and from the job with the right materials, with a complete understanding of what they're doing. That is allowing us to aggregate these trades. Our goal, our communication is we want to be the builder they want to work for. And we do a lot of things to try to make their job easier and more profitable without coming in and trying to renegotiate price every quarter. So, is it sustainable? Yes. I think that we are going to continue to focus on that. And as time goes on, we'll get better at it, and basically build capacity month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, on a continual basis.
David Auld: Thank you, Paul. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our fourth quarter results in November. And finally, congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton family on producing a solid third quarter. Continue to compete, win every day. Thank you.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, Stephen, we have seen, as we talked, about a 30-day reduction in our cycle time and see consistency and improvement as we travel throughout our divisions and seen pretty good balance with our trades and all the supplies that we need to continue with improvement in cycle time. If you look at our starts pace, it did tick up some and stayed pretty consistent with our closings, which is a cadence that we expect to see as we look towards the fourth quarter. Based on our sales pace and the strength of the market, and where we have the lots and the ability to push that up a little bit, we will, but not looking to outpace the market and continue to keep in that cadence and position ourselves for continued growth.
Paul Romanowski: And then, in terms of our forward investment level, we're at a total of about $3.3 billion of inventory today. We've seen a significant growth ramp in that over the last two years. We do expect to continue to grow that platform and we will see our inventory levels continue to grow over the next couple of years, but we do expect that growth pace to moderate from what it's been in the last two years.
Paul Romanowski: We're very focused on improving our inventory turn and as our construction cycle times have improved, that's facilitating that. You look historically, we typically when we go into a year with our number of homes in inventory, we've been able to turn that 2 times in the following year. The last couple of years has been slower than that, and so we're looking to get back to that more historic inventory turn level as we look to fiscal '24.
Paul Romanowski: Yeah. Thanks, John. I think we are seeing more normal seasonality this year in terms of just demand traffic patterns. And so, I think our base expectations would be that orders would show a bit closer to normal seasonality going forward. But to our approach in trying to be as consistent as we can and providing starts pace and a consistent level of inventory, we're still a short supply of inventory out there in the existing home market and in the new home market. We're going to make sure we've got enough homes out there to capture whatever demand there may be. And so, our hope would be, over the longer term, we could see a bit more consistency there. But there still is a natural seasonality and an ebb-and-flow to consumer demand that I think is getting back to a more normal level.
Paul Romanowski: Yeah. The rate buydown for us has been an effective incentive and to help us provide, as we've improved our cycle time as well, a certainty of close date and a certainty of home payment. And we have stayed roughly a point below the market, and we'll have to measure that as we move forward depending on where rates move, whether that be up or down. But we have found it to be our -- one of our most effective incentives, and we have been consistent in that execution and we'll continue to explore that as the interest rates move on a go-forward basis.
Paul Romanowski: Yeah. The interest rate buydown is an incentive like many that we use, and we have a lot of different levers that we may pull market-by-market or community-by-community based on the needs of the buyers walking in the door. That has certainly been a hot button today because of the meteoric rise in rates and people's adjustment to that. As that adjusts, it will just ebb and flow with different incentives, whether that's closing costs or price or included features. It's been a good tool for us today. We will adjust to the market as it comes at us.
Paul Romanowski: Yeah. I think on the lot development question, we have talented teams across our platform. And there are instances where it's important to us in our starts pace is we have to have a lot on the ground. And so, controlling that process and being good at producing that lot is a talent that we're going to retain, and we have to continue to exercise that in order to do so. And some deals just make more sense for us to develop from a timing perspective and/or structure and/or size. And so, we're going to make that decision community-by-community across the platform. In terms of our absorption per community, I just -- I think that you've seen some larger communities that may be a portion of that impacting sales and positioning of those communities to drive more efficient activity, both on the construction and sales side.
Paul Romanowski: The use of the rate buy downs is about 10% less than it has been as we look over the last few quarters. And that sensitivity is a community by community and buyer by buyer process. We have great sales agents in each of our communities that go through that experience with every buyer that walks in and finding what's important to them is what they do very well. And so, we'll continue, as we mentioned, to utilize that. And certainly that reduction shows some stability in rates. Although they've moved up, they've remained in a similar range. And I think people getting comfortable with their purchasing power has allowed some of the relief of that use and/or them not being as concerned about it as the thing that is important to them in the purchase.
Paul Romanowski: Yeah, we are -- today down that 30 days puts us at about five-and-a-half months in our current cycle time, which is still slightly above our historical averages. And so, we see a trend towards -- more towards our normalized and consistent cycle times. That's going to depend on labor availability and our ability to continue to aggregate that labor. As you see start space increase across the country, we could certainly see some pressure on that, but feel comfortable in our position and with the trade capacity that we have in labor out in the markets today.
Mike Murray: Hey, Stephen. So, we expect that the margin on the fourth quarter closings in the rental segment will probably have a lower profit margin, largely on the basis of a mix of projects that are delivering between Q3 and then into Q4. A lot of it's on a cost basis difference between those homes that were built at different times and when they're delivering.
Mike Murray: What we're seeing today in the closings are lots that were contracted and acquired quite some time ago and coming through. So, we're not seeing a lot of cost pressure coming through. Going forward, along with the lot scarcity, we're expecting to see lot costs coming through in forward margins at a higher level. There has certainly been inflation in land and in lot development costs and in finished lot prices. So, we expect to see that, but that's factored into our guidance and the way we're planning for the business next year.
Mike Murray: A lot of tailwind from limited inventory supply at affordable price points are helpful to margins. And then, interest rates are the biggest risk to margins. Significant increases in interest rates will compress our margins.
Mike Murray: I think you said it very well. We're going to take a piece of dirt and title it, and then, in that process, look to work with a third-party developer in some cases to assign that contract to. They'll acquire the land parcels and then they'll complete the lot development and sell us finished lots that we'll then start constructing homes on over time. So that 53% expected would go up, but we will choose, in some cases, to develop the neighborhood ourselves. In every one of our markets, we have great teams in place that are capable of developing their own lots, as well as negotiating to buy finished lots from third-party developers.
Mike Murray: I think with a lot of the third-party developers we work with, we have a long relationship with them. And in a lot of cases, their banking or financing sources are kind of looking through their developer, looking through to the land contract and working with us and they take great comfort in that. And we've been able to continue to sign up new deals over the past quarter that have secured new financing commitments for the third-party developers through the process. Is it as easy as it was or as inexpensive as it was? Certainly not. It is more challenging. I do think that the banking industry is being more selective in who and at what levels they're choosing to support third-party developers. On the private builder side, we've probably seen a little more opportunity to step into some positions and help those builders with some liquidity and opportunities by taking some of their lots or stepping into different positions. So, it has been, if anything, a bit accretive to the business, and we're just here to help.
Mike Murray: Our build time of that at five-and-a-half months has come down about a month, and we probably have another month, month-and-a-half to go to get back to where we have been historically when we're operating at a more efficient level. And then, there's probably another 45 days to 60 days after that, what we call, construction completion until we hit the home closing date. So on average, we're looking to get to a 2 or a little better than 2 times turn of inventory units implies that six to slightly less than six months start to closing cycle time.
Bill Wheat: Right now, as we look at the components of the home across the materials, it is primarily lumber right now. There are some minor moves in both directions, really across the other components of the homes. It's primarily lumber there. I think we are on the front edge of starting to realize some improvement in labor as the homes that we have been starting over the last quarter or two have been at a lower cost than what we had there for a while. But I think we still expect a bit more improvement there with lumber. And then really, the forward cost structure really depends on what the capacity of the industry is and what all builders are doing. So, a bit more improvement there, but as we continue to add scale, which does include our rental platform as well, we definitely have advantages and opportunities to continue to leverage that to drive our cost structure down, especially relative to the rest of the industry.
Bill Wheat: Sure, Mike. As we're looking to fiscal '24, we're -- and we've talked about this before. We always try to position ourselves with our lot position, with our homes and inventory so that we are in a position to deliver close to a double-digit growth, high-single, 10% type growth. And so, that's what we're doing again, is positioning our inventory so that we're in the position there in the market that we see today. I think it's there for us if we can get our lot positions and our homes in inventory ready for that. And with improved cycle times, that helps us improve our inventory turnover. And I think we focus a lot more on our inventory turn, our inventory conversion than we do backlog. Backlog is just really just a factor of when we choose to sign a sales contract on a home. We focus on our starts pace, what homes we have in inventory, and then we adjust when we're going to release those for sale based on when we have confidence that we can deliver that home. So, every home we start, we will close. And if we're turning those faster, then that will improve the inventory turnover and improve -- honestly, improves your visibility to see what our closings are going to be as well. So it's really about our starts pace, our inventory positioning, and then how efficiently can we turn that.
Bill Wheat: Yeah, Eric, it's -- what we have visibility to is basically what's in our backlog and what's been in our recent sales, and then, we certainly have visibility to what our recent cost levels have been. So, we've been seeing the costs on our more recent starts be lower. So, we've got some visibility to what that could produce. So, right now, as we look at our recent backlog in sales, we see a sequential modest improvement in margin up to kind of the high-23%-s to 24% range in Q4. You used the word stabilization. Last quarter, we used that word quite a bit. And so, we -- and we're still seeing that. And so, I think we are kind of settling into a more stable period here in terms of our costs, and demand has been pretty steady as well. So, I think we certainly don't see a trajectory in margin forever upward, but the modest improvement into the coming quarter looks like a pretty sustainable level here in the near-to-medium term.
Bill Wheat: And Ken, to circle back to your initial comment about capital and cash flow and percentage of cash flows relative to our earnings, we are seeing a big improvement in that this year, and that's what we're expecting to see this year. I would tell you that, that big move is being driven primarily by the improvement in our cycle times -- by our construction cycle times. We don't have as much capital tied up per home in our homes in inventory, because we're turning those faster. Definitely, our land shift over many years has been a component of that over time. But this year, specifically, it's more about our homes and inventory turnover improving.
Bill Wheat: Yeah, I'm not sure I've got an answer for you for sure, Ken. If you don't know the answer, I'm sure we don't either in terms of why the industry has improved. The only thing I could come up with is, you have seen a shift in this industry to focus more on returns. And as we focused on returns, that really comes down to being more efficient with every asset you have. And so, if you can improve your absorption, improve your turns in each community, your returns on capital are improving. And so, perhaps you're seeing a little bit of that come through in your observation of looking at higher pace, higher absorptions over time across the industry.
Bill Wheat: Yeah, it's really a short-term thing, as Mike mentioned earlier, part of it is the mix of the projects that we see coming through and the time in which those homes were constructed was the time when we were seeing higher construction costs as well. So, we really see that as a Q4 event and as we look longer-term from a gross margin perspective and really pre-tax margin perspective, we would expect the rental to still be higher than our homebuilding margins overall. Maybe a little bit of anomaly here in Q4, but not a long-term phenomenon.
