Donald J. Tomnitz: In closing, this quarter was D.R. Horton's most profitable third quarter since 2006 with $205 million of pretax income. All of our operating metrics improved on a year-over-year basis this quarter. The value of our sales, closings and backlog increased by 30%, 46% and 56%, respectively. Our pretax income increased 184%. Our pretax income margin increased 580 basis points to 12.1%. Our gross margin on home sales revenues increased 340 basis points. Our SG&A as a percentage of homebuilding revenues improved 200 basis points. And we are continuing to experience pricing power in many of our markets as evidenced by a 15% increase in average sales price. D.R. and I would like to personally thank all of our D.R. Horton team. You are executing our business plan superbly. We continue to be in a preeminent position in the industry as a company. So keep taking good care of our customers and finish strong in fiscal 2013. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host any questions you have.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think also impacting it was the fact that rates moved up rather dramatically in a very short period of time, they've come down some since then. And as rates moderate, I believe that the buyers will come back in the market. They're just trying to assess their situation. Frankly, a lot of the buyers were counting on trying to pick the low in the pricing and the low in the interest rates, and they're a little bit shocked or disturbed by the fact that rates have moved up from where they were. But clearly, demand over the long term is driven more by the economic indicators and, clearly, those trends still tend to be positive in most of our markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Actually, we're just at the beginning of our Emerald product, and we are rolling that across the country. We believe that we have an excellent opportunity to increase that to a significant portion of our business over the next 3 to 5 years and believe we're in a very competitive environment, both cost-wise and price-wise to compete with the small and medium-sized undercapitalized custom builders who really aren't in the market. So we feel very optimistic about that. It's a part of the market that we identified a couple of years ago that we thought would be coming on strong and it is, and we're well-positioned to continue to capitalize on it.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, moderate slowdown. If I don't sound optimistic enough for you, I guess I didn't drink my Red Bull this morning. But the bottom line is I think that we're on a wonderful position as a company. Our balance sheet has never been stronger. Our land and lot position across the country has never been stronger. Our sales, improving 12% in units, we were proud of, largely because of the fact that we have done a fantastic job increasing prices and taking advantage of pricing opportunities in a number of our markets. We didn't have that pricing power back a year ago. We do today. And we are focused on profitability in this company. We clearly have been the largest builder for 11 years. We want to continue to be the largest builder. But our bottom line goal is, the bottom line. And we are focused on that very well and produce very well.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And frankly, Adam, maybe you are reading a little bit of my body language because I am disappointed that over the course of the 30- or 60-day period post Chairman Bernanke's speech that rates went up so violently so quickly because the homebuilding industry had made a lot of progress in the last 12 to 24 months, and it seems like one speech had a major impact on the industry and our sales, which was really ridiculous reaction by the marketplace. But secondly, what we've always focused on in the [indiscernible] CFO who preceded Bill Wheat, what we're focusing on is that we've never made a coupon payment or we've never put a dollar, or we never put a home in the bank. We always have to put dollars in the bank, and that's we're focusing on, is putting dollars in the bank and rebuilding our equity.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I can assure you that people who are sitting on the sidelines because interest rates are 5% versus 4.5%. We know one thing, rates are going to continue to increase, hopefully more moderately than what they did over the last 30- to 60-day period. But today, with the pricing on our products in our company in the industry as well as interest rates, it's still a wonderful time to buy a home. One of the highest affordability indexes yet.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Not really. Land prices don't really react that quickly to interest rates and, typically, they don't react very much to interest rates at all. But land prices have worked their way up, and that's one of the reasons that we have focused on our margins versus our volume because, especially in the West, we have irreplaceable land positions out there at irreplaceable cost. And as a result, what we've been doing, I know people are questioning what's happening in our West. Well, our West, basically had increased our average sales price out there by 29.5% year-over-year. And we've had -- we earned 4x as much money out there in terms of pretax income over the same period year-over-year. So bottom line is, we're focusing on increasing our margins.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Certainly, as we increased our prices especially in California, there is an issue associated with people being able to qualify for those homes. But again, there is -- in the West in particular, there is a shortage of finished homes, new homes in that market. And with -- even though we are losing buyers out of the pool who can afford our homes, nevertheless, the supply is constrained. So we're going to continue to press our pricing in that market as much as we can and let the chips fall where they're going to fall in terms of who can afford and who can't. There's still pricing power in California. There's still issues associated with getting entitlements in California. So again, we look at our land and lot inventory in California and we feel like that we're in a preeminent position and we're going to capitalize on that preeminent position and drop the money into the bottom line. In Texas, generally speaking, homes continue to be affordable here. One of the most affordable places to live in country. And house -- there's no real barriers to entry. There's no, really, constraints to being able to build our units here like there are in a lot of states. So Texas will continue to be one of our leading states in our company just simply because of the fact that there's good demand here and there are very few barriers to entry here, and our costs are better here than most markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: It's progressing very well. We're getting closer. But there are a lot of political issues that always are associated with a piece of land this size. And so therefore, we don't comment on anything other than the fact that we're making nice progress over there and we're getting cooperation. And I believe the project is in the next 12 to 18 months going to make a lot of progress.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Let me be very clear, Michael. We have seen no lack of ability to increase our prices. There's still, as I said, there's what 3.9 months supply of new homes available in the marketplace, and that would indicate to you that there's a shortage of new homes out there. The construction cycles are lengthening. I think our pricing power continues to increase certainly over the next 12 to 18 months.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I don't think there's any question that interest rates adversely affected our sales increase, which was 12% on a unit basis and 30% on a dollar basis. But nevertheless, we're in a great position right now to continue to raise prices and there's a shortage of homes out there. I just don't see any negative associated with that our industry or, certainly, our company for the next 12 to 18 months.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think you can take a look -- what I look at is the cancellation rate. And I think when rates went up, I think we had cans associated with interest rates going up. Our can rate last quarter was 19%, this quarter was 24%. Year-over-year, it was 23% versus 24%. So if you look at just the time period when interest rates went up, Steve, which was this quarter, and compare it to the previous quarter, I would say, the way I would measure it is the difference between 19% and 24% in terms of our can rate.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think everybody's just going to have to get accustomed to the fact that we're in a slightly rising interest rate environment and as like Don Horton said, who was his first salesman, this first cleanup guy and this first homebuilder, when he got started in the business. When he was sitting in this sales office, interest rates tick up 0.8%, you're not going to see anybody for a while because people are frankly a little freaked about, "well, I missed the low." And, "Why didn't I buy a home when rates were 0.8% lower." But those people come back and they're ultimately, most of them, going to buy. So as we work through all this, this is a normal part of our business. People are overreacting to a little run-up in interest rates here. And say, well, geez, the homebuilding industry is going to a crater just because interest rates went up. You're missing the point. We have the highest affordability index, perhaps ever in the industry. We've got pricing power and interest rates are not going to deter people from buying homes to any large extent. It may delay those purchases, but it's not going to be a permanent effect.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly, we will. We feel like we've got a wonderful window here where we can continue to drop dollars into the bank as opposed to units into the bank, and we're going to maximize our opportunity. I like to say I will never forget in my 30 years in the industry, '07, '08 and '09, those are pathetic years. And the buyer had the advantage on us during those time periods simply because there was excess inventory. Now, there's not as much inventory out there. So as a result, now we have a slight advantage simply because of the limited inventory that's out there. We're still offering our buyers a wonderful metric in terms of affordability and a wonderful house at a wonderful price, the prices -- it's time for prices to go up simply because land prices are going up, cost of building a house are going up. So if you're in a home -- if you look out there waiting to buy a home for 6 months from now because you think rates are going to be better or costs are going to be better, you're missing the boat.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I look at our volume, and I think our volume, based upon year-over-year and sequentially, our volume is improving very nicely. There's nothing wrong with a double-digit increase in sales, units and there's nothing with our 30-plus percent increase in sales dollars. So I'm not freaking out because they're not 40% or 50%. I mean 12% and 30% are fine numbers. Now clearly, we've been in this business long enough to know that when the volume begins to decline too much, then we're going to adjust our incentives and move forward. But right now, I have no desire to do that because, like I say, we're in the heart of the market right now. We've got lack of supply. We've got wonderful pricing power that we haven't had for 5 or 6 years. And it would be a bad decision for us and for our shareholders to go out there and look for excessive volume today just so we can say, well, we had a 25% increase in units versus a 12%, because we're increasing our profit so much more dramatically.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And furthermore, I've been with Horton for 30 years. We have the strongest balance sheet in the history of our company. And why would we want to go out and just chase volume and have to basically end up with a less-strong balance sheet just simply because we're having to replace the land at a much higher price than what we can slowly work through these assets, or our margin -- or work through these assets [indiscernible] drop below.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We feel very good and obviously, somebody got me cranked up with my Type A personality. We feel very good here, thank you.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I just think, generally speaking, entry-level buyers obviously are more challenged from a credit perspective in terms of qualifying for our homes. But I would also say that our focus on entry-level is certainly not a weakness, it's a strength because we've been the leader of entry-level homes for years and years and years. And just like Don Horton said back when Chairman Paul Volcker and President Ronald Reagan were President, and mortgage rates were 18% and prime rate was 21.5%, we were still selling homes. And if you listen -- what's interesting to me, I even listen to business commentators on television talk about, "Well, geez, the first time I bought my home, I had a 12% mortgage rate, but that didn't deter me from buying a home." So I believe that for us and our perspective and our experience, that entry-level buyers will always be welcome at Horton and will always be a large component of our business, and we'll always work with them in terms of trying to figure out how we get them qualified for a home. And frankly, we have our Home Buyers Club, which is a part of our mortgage company, which is really a very efficient process and a very successful process that most people, most other builders don't have of getting those first-time homebuyers familiar with the credit system in this country and helping them understand what it takes for them to buy a home.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And don't get confused, and I know you're not, Alex. For our industry to continue to grow, we absolutely must-have job growth in this country. And to date, the job growth in this country has been very minimal. And the industry cannot continue to grow at the rates that we all want to grow without effective job creation in this country.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We're always engaged in M&A opportunities, and that's really all we can say about it. We've been one of the more prolific acquirers in the industry, and we will continue to be in that segment of the business.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And I think that's one of the things people are missing about our entry-level segment of our businesses is as interest rates do work their up and the pool of affordable buyers decreases, you increase that pool by basically different types of financial instruments and different types of mortgages. And certainly fixed-rate are great today, variable rate are going to be better and help buyers get a house in 12 to 18 months. So we'll use whatever instruments are out there to help them.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, the cycle times are increasing. And of course, that's one of the things that we -- that's reflective on our sales, because we concluded that that doesn't make a lot of sense to pre-sell way ahead of ourselves and be subject to variances and changes in our cost structure. We'd rather sell the home closer to the point in time where we absolutely know for certain the vast majority of our cost before we proceed. So as a result, a number of our subcontractors are increasing the size of their operations. But I also will tell you that there's a big percentage of subcontractors out there who don't want to grow their businesses back to the size that they were in '03, '04 and '05. So I think there is some constrained supply of contractors out there. And as a result, one of the reasons that we are pacing our sales with our construction cycle is to make sure that we're maximizing our margins as we close those out.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And clearly, those homes are more profitable. And as a result, if the cycle time is longer to build a home, we expect to get paid more for the home.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I don't know that rates have anything to do with our spec strategy. What has to do with our spec strategy is having the proper number of specs in each one of our communities and based upon the absorption level and what we look at is how many homes are we selling over a construction cycle and how many do we need to have at any one point of time to make sure that we're able to attract the buyer who is relocating. Or most importantly, since realtors are a very instrumental portion of our sales across the country, we want to make sure that when a realtor brings a buyer to our subdivision that we have something that we can move someone into within 30 days. So as a result of the spec strategy, they're really not impacted by interest rates. It's impacted by demand and also being able to have the product for our realtors who are very instrumental in selling a lot of our homes.
Donald J. Tomnitz: No, sir. It's pretty much even across the board. No significance other than if you back into what the cancellation rate like Stacey said, there were some that had some of our markets had higher cancellation rates than others. But generally speaking, there was no shift in the cancellation rates that was really different across our regions.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Not really. We're very happy with the markets that we're in and we're well diversified in most in every one of our markets from entry-level to mid-priced homes to high-priced homes. As I said, we're rolling out Emerald in most of our divisions. So we're well-positioned product-wise and pricing-wise in every one of our markets. We're looking at our investment strategy. We're not focused on rates. What we're focused on is the economy in each of our markets. That's really the driver of housing demand. If we're seeing a strong economy with good indicators, job growth, income growth in a market, then that would be an attractive environment for investment regardless of where rates are.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, let's not get confused. We've been building expensive homes in this company for quite some time all the way back in '02, '03, '04 and '05 and what we've done is more formalized and identified the product line and come up with the product name so that we could maximize that exposure across the country. But in terms of Emerald in particular, basically, the people that we're competing directly with are, as I said before, the small and medium-sized undercapitalized semi-custom builder. And certainly, we're not trying to build custom homes with our Emerald product, but yes, we're offering luxury homes that are more well-defined floor plans which permit the buyer to choose more options. And clearly, we have a different group of subcontractors who are building those. So it's a different quality of home because a luxury buyer demands a different level of quality in the home and, basically, has a slightly longer construction cycle than our other homes. But generally speaking, we're just appealing to that luxury buyer who basically is looking for a larger home with more amenities in a better location.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Again, I'm going to go back to my original statement. We're not apologizing for a 12% increase in sales and a 30% increase in dollars. And with the kind of margins that we've increased this quarter, we're very proud of those numbers. If anybody's confused, call me.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Simply a timing issue. We've acquired the land over the course of the last 3 quarters, and we're now -- you're going to see us over the course of the next 3 quarters. We're going to have a lot more development spend than we are going to have land spend. So it's just a timing issue.
Donald J. Tomnitz: It takes a while after we buy the land, frankly, to get it engineered and get it designed. And so if even though we want to start moving dirt as quickly as possible, there's a gap between the time we buy and the time we start moving dirt.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Frankly, right now, we're well-positioned with our land inventory as you pointed out. So now the focus is on not buying as much land as we have in the last 3 or 4 quarters but more in terms of developing what we have.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, frankly, we are trying to stay out of politics. And who knows what they're ultimately going to come up with in Washington. But I feel very comfortable that we'll be able to adapt to whatever they come up with on mortgages, GSEs, or whatever it is, just like we have for the last 30 years. So I want to stay out of politics because it's...
Donald J. Tomnitz: Just want to say thank you. We're very proud of our quarter. As like I said before, if you're confused, call us because we're very proud of our quarter. We're focusing on profitability and, again, to quote our ex-CFO, we never can make a coupon payment or we can't make a deposit in the bank on a unit. We're making it on dollars. We're going to continue to focus on growing our company conservatively as we have, keeping our strong balance sheet and focusing on profitability. And again, D.R. and I want to thank all of our employees. You're doing an extraordinary job of competing in a good, new environment that we have out there. So let's continue to do that, and we're outperform everyone else in the industry. Thank you.
Bill W. Wheat: As we stated, we did see just some moderation in our sales pace in the back half of the quarter. Each of the months of our quarter were up year-over-year. But we did see the pace decline a bit in the latter half of the quarter really beginning and during the month of May. In terms of the demand trends, that's really, really all we have to say about that. Clearly, we know that mortgage rates were rising during that time. As we stated, there is some -- we typically see some short-term impact from rates on the timing of purchase decision by some buyers and that's something that we're -- each of our communities are working with our buyers on a case-by-case basis.
Bill W. Wheat: We manage our business community-by-community and we adjust our business every single day. You adjust pricing, you adjust your spec levels of your homes and inventory, you adjust the next take of lots that you may be looking at. So it's just ordinary course of business based on sales pace. You adjust your inventory levels and your sales efforts. But from the standpoint of moderation in sales pace, when we're still up 12% in units and 30% in dollars, we still feel like we're still generating a very good, strong growth through our sales line with our community count being up, double-digit with expectations for it to remain there. We feel like we're still very good and positioned to continue to grow the top line as well.
Bill W. Wheat: Margins were up 340 basis points, so year-over-year, it's very strong, of which, a little over half, 180 basis points, came strictly from improving market conditions, which is a combination of our raising sales prices more than our cost increased. So I think we're still seeing very good leverage within our margins and we do have -- we're optimistic that we can continue with more positive momentum on our margins.
Bill W. Wheat: I think our traffic count is slower post the interest rate changes. And frankly, we've got good demand in all of our communities. It's just a slower demand, and it's also coupled with the fact that clearly this is a slow time of the year for the homebuilders in terms of being in -- starting in June. Typically sales start the slow down until Super Bowl Sunday. So I think it's all very normal other than the overreaction on the interest rates. And what we've typically seen is it's a short-term phenomenon. When rates are moving significantly during that timeframe, we see that moderation. But then, when things stabilize, it typically recovers. We don't see a long-term impact.
Bill W. Wheat: Absolutely. We expect to continue to leverage that further. Our long-term goal is to have our SG&A at 10% consistently for the entire fiscal year. We're not quite there yet, so we definitely feel that there's opportunity there. And any time that we're able to raise our average selling prices, that helps significantly with leveraging our SG&A dollars.
Bill W. Wheat: And what's still most important to us is our dollar value of sales, which was up 30% relative to our community counts up 19%. So we are generating still more dollars through our sales line per community than we were a year ago.
Bill W. Wheat: No changes in incentives. If anything, our incentives are still being reduced. And as I we've mentioned, there are a number of communities particularly in the West where we have been proactively slowing our sales in order to align it with our construction cycles. And so in those cases, we're raising prices.
Bill W. Wheat: In terms of the rate, 5% differential from quarter-to-quarter, we did see the rates higher in the back half of the quarter from that standpoint. So yes, I think Don's statements are definitely right on target in terms of the -- a way to measure the impact.
Bill W. Wheat: The other thing we have not talked about here is the home doesn't necessarily stay the same. What we typically see is buyers, they take a step back, they evaluate their choices and they may choose to buy a different home, they may choose to buy a 2,200 square foot home rather than 24 square foot home. They may make adjustments to the choice and that just takes time, which is why we say it typically as a short-term impact.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, first, our sales are not lower than we want them to be. Our sales are according to plan, and -- but it's community-by-community. Depending on what we're seeing in a community, we will adjust. Right now, we're raising prices in many more communities than we're not. So right now, it's on plan. But it is a constant day-to-day adjustment process, community-by-community.
Bill W. Wheat: During the quarter, we invested $263 million in purchases of finished lots. We invested $280 million in land purchases, and we invested $167 million in land development.
Bill W. Wheat: I don't believe we have yet. We still have positive gap in terms of ASP per square foot versus cost. Our ASP per square-foot was up 7.9% and our cost per square foot, I believe, was up 7.2%.
Bill W. Wheat: No I think it's reflective of the shift that we've seeing really over the last 1.5 years, gradually getting back to a more normal mix for us. Historically, first-time homebuyers were around 40%, and we've been much higher than that, but it's been moving down. We did see a step down this quarter to 44%, still above the long-term average. But I think we're just continuing to move back to that more normal mix.
Bill W. Wheat: We said we were up year-over-year in each of the months, I don't believe we've given the month-to-month increases. We typically do not. We don't typically comment on individual percentages per month. We talk about the quarter and we talk but the trends for the quarter.
Bill W. Wheat: Seasonally, we would normally see a decline this time of the year. Yes, 18%, maybe a little bit higher drop than what would normally be. But yes, we're going to take this community-by-community. And depending on what we're seeing in each community, we'll make adjustments. You really cannot generalize what we will do across our country when we're in as many markets and communities that we're in.
Bill W. Wheat: And you're already seeing the trend. Development spending is about double what it was last year. So it's been steadily growing as we've been bringing our new projects into line, and we're doing the development through phases.
Bill W. Wheat: I think if you look at the quarter-to-quarter trends, they've been steadily stepping up and we expect them to continue to steadily step up each quarter as we go into fiscal '14. But we're not in a position to necessarily quantify the specific dollar amounts. But I think you will see steady increases in the level of development.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And just in terms of expectations for next quarter, our normal seasonal deliveries are typically higher in Q4 than in Q3, which would typically help us improve our SG&A from quarter-to-quarter. And then we'd expect that to trend back up in Q1 and Q2 and then re-lever back down in Q3 and Q4 next year.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And Bill had mentioned that our sales in each of the months in the June quarter were positive compared to the prior year...
Stacey H. Dwyer: Right. We're not done this July yet, but July is showing what we would expect in terms of normal seasonality compared to what we saw in June.
Stacey H. Dwyer: In terms of projecting that one, that one's a little harder to answer. But again, we don't think this takes long to absorb in the market. People who start shopping today are going to start shopping with a 4.5% interest rate in mind, and it won't be a difference in their expectations from when they first began looking at a home. So this is -- this will be a short-term moderation.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And Ken, I'm going to answer it from a slightly different direction. We're taking different approaches in different communities. We're taking different approaches in different markets. If you look at our regional breakdown, 3 of our regions had unit increases of 25% plus. And those are markets where we've been successful in tying up a lot of land. We can replace land at prices that are similar to what we currently own, and we have a good supply in front of us. There are other regions where land prices have moved more significantly and we're going to take longer to work through the positions that we have and maximize the profits because we can't replace them. So it's a blended approach. It's not one approach or another, but it's trying to maximize the returns with the positions that we currently have.
Stacey H. Dwyer: There was some variation on cancellation rate by region. It ranged from 13% to 25%. But I don't have really any visibility into the breakdown of the product behind that. The difference in the cancellation rate, just to take that one step further, was actually pretty similar compared to the prior year. So there was just some difference in the cancellation rate in the region last year as well.
Stacey H. Dwyer: First of all, we have not seen any significant shift at all from fixed-rate mortgages. Even at a 4.5% rate, I think everyone's happy to pretty much lock that in. And second, we will present the product alternatives that are available, but we do not try to help anyone make their mortgage decision in terms of a product.
Stacey H. Dwyer: That's fine. Adjustable rates are out there, but there's not a big-enough spread right now between the fixed-rate mortgage and adjustable-rate mortgage to make it a truly attractive alternative. And so again, with rates where they are, even though they've moved up -- with rates where they are, if people can lock in for 30 years I think everyone feels pretty good with that for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Hypothetically, moving forward, if the spread increases, that may be more appealing to people. But right now, we're not seeing that.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I think another thing that's impacting our cycle times a little bit is the move towards the larger houses. They're just going to take a little bit longer to build than the smaller square footage houses that may not have as much interior finish out work to do.
David Goldberg: Maybe I said that the wrong way. So I apologize. It wasn't meant to be inferred. It just seemed like that's an option for somebody.
David Goldberg: No, I agree. I was thinking hypothetically as we move forward, I guess was the point of the question. But totally understood.
David Goldberg: Well said. And not everyone's missing it [ph], so that's the good thing. My second question was on cycle times. And I think there was -- in the commentary, I think, Stacey, you might have mentioned about cycle times extending, and trying to match sales pace with cycle times and not getting too far out ahead of yourself in terms of the cost side and the price side. I was wondering if you guys could give us some color kind of some more color around cycle times, and if that's something that's actually easing a little bit? It seems like a lot of builders are actually metering our pace at this point, and it seems like maybe some of the subcontractors have kind of increased the size of their labor force just to try to adjust to this some increased demand in the market.
