Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Holly, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2022. Before we get started, today’s call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q later today or tomorrow. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, John. We’re very pleased with where our gross margins have gotten through this cycle, and certainly, the strength in the market has been a large driver of that. We probably would never sit here today and say that those are sustainable at these levels through cycles. Typically, gross margin does get somewhat competed away when markets soften. That being said, we’re at extremely strong levels today and can still generate very strong returns even with some margin compression, and we’ll continue to meet the market over time. In terms of what we believe is sustainable, though, compared to our historical averages, certainly, we’re carrying less interest in our cost of sales today. And with what we’ve done from a deleveraging and our balance sheet focus, we would expect that to be a sustainable cost advantage. And then there’s scale advantages with where we’ve gotten in terms of our volume and our building efficiencies with our labor trades and our material suppliers, we would expect some component of the scale advantages to be sustainable as well.
Jessica Hansen: And part of that thought process also, Alan, is our continued focus on affordability. And so although the market is really strong today and we continue to take price, we’re probably not out there like some other builders trying to take every last dollar of price. We’re doing what we can to meet the market and try to stay affordable in spite of rising cost conditions.
Jessica Hansen: And our market count has continued to expand. So we’re in 102 markets today. That’s up just four markets sequentially. We continue to fill out kind of the more Midwestern Ohio Valley part of our footprint and continue to look at additional markets that would make sense to expand into as well.
Jessica Hansen: And I think Mike mentioned earlier, but that’s also part of the key to selling homes later in the construction cycle as they’re not having to lock for longer or be worried about what an interest rate move does. So if we’re selling closer to the time of completion and home closing, there’s less risk in that regard as well.
Jessica Hansen: And really with home prices continue to increase, I mean, generally, all costs typically follow. And so we really wouldn’t expect to see much in the way of cost relief until you see some sort of slowdown in home price appreciation.
Jessica Hansen: This is – probably, I know somewhat of a contrarian view the way the market. Sometimes it reacts to entry-level builders, but we generally continue to think about an entry-level buyer as a buyer out of need rather than discretion. So although as prices continue to rise and/or rates are to increase and affordability gets negatively impacted, you do lose a subset of entry-level buyers that can qualify from. We do expect over the long-term that to continue to be the lion’s share of the demand, which is why we continue to focus on affordability, because as I said, those buyers are buying out of need. Whereas the further the price curve you go, that’s a more discretionary buyer, maybe a little bit more financially savvy that is more focused on timing of an interest rate versus just an absolute monthly payment.
David Auld: In closing, our results reflect our experienced teams and production capabilities, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to capitalize on today’s robust market and to effectively operate in changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividend and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. We are incredibly well positioned to continue growing and improving our operations in 2022. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: And John, we talked a little bit about this. Internally, we talk a lot about it. The industry is changing. It’s just a much more disciplined industry than it was through the last cycle. As we gained in market share as the other public gain in market share. There’s just less – at least in my mind, my expectation is, there’ll be less volatility at the cycle up and down. It’s just the real businesses today, not speculators.
David Auld: I just – Alan, as we continue to increase our starts for demand, I would say at some point, there’s going to be more of an equilibrium. And at that point, margins and ASPs should mitigate some – we don’t know. Again, we’re return-based absorption targets, start targets, being able to sustain a level of starts drives efficiencies through the entire process. We don’t know what the future is. We do know that we can operate within that future and maximize the results, both returns and market share gains.
David Auld: Alan, we’re always focused on affordability. And we talk entirely about a sustainable run rate in these communities and that involves not overpricing at any point in time. So – but yes, we’re looking at product. We’re looking at communities, land, how do we drive more and more efficiency into the process so that we can maintain a more affordable living cost. And then that’s – to me, that’s market scale as consistency and starts. It’s – as we continue to drive market share gains, consolidate labor, we’re in a better position to acquire land and it’s just an ongoing continuous effort to get a little bit better every day.
David Auld: Carl, I think a lot of the things at Horton is just because we just work harder than other. Everybody works hard, but our people are just phenomenal problem solvers, and it’s a part of the culture, the decentralized nature. I mean they take ownership and they saw problems. What we have tried to do is guide the divisions to understand the capacity within communities and consistently start homes to meet that capacity and when they do that, the capacity increases because the people in those communities get a little better at building those houses. And we’re seeing that in – I don’t know what the industry average is, but I got to believe we are completing homes even though it is not to our historical norm steel more rapidly than our peers out there. But it’s a consistent starts, limited product, limited options, making it easier for these traits to get in and get out, reducing the SKUs that we’re asking our suppliers to hold and, in some cases, ordering early. In some cases – I mean anything, everything that we can do to eliminate or break a bottleneck and the people in the field are doing. And I can tell you 100 stories, but I’m not going to.
David Auld: I don’t see any change in the incentives coming. It’s – I’m sure at some point, the inventory will catch up with demand. It is still significantly out of balance, especially if you’re looking at the areas where the Florida, the Texas, the Arizonas, even across the Midwest where you have job growth and influx of people. It’s – you never say never, but the difficulty of getting lots on the ground and then getting houses built is – it’s going to be very difficult to catch up with demand anytime in the next couple of years.
David Auld: It goes back to market scale and even within submarkets being able to control a labor base and keeping them busy, keeping them in the same location. I just can’t over – I can’t oversell that advantage where you’ve got a program where we’re releasing 15, 20, 30 houses every month, month after month after month after month. The aggregation of labor in those kinds of communities is – it’s very advantageous in today’s world. And it also gives you the ability to kind of direct some of that labor through the two or three or four or five a month absorption communities. So it’s market scale. It’s – again, everything that we’ve done, simplifying the product, trying to maintain affordability and then having well-located communities with long running times, so.
David Auld: Yes. Mike, I’ve always – we’ve always believed that the rental platform when we get it built out will derisk our land portfolio because it does give us another lever. But from a just a philosophical standpoint, we believe in the fore sale business. We believe home ownership in the country is very important. Today, our goal is to deliver more homes because the demand is there, and it’s hard to believe, five years from now, homes are going to be more affordable than they are today. So every family we can get in the home, we feel like we – is a win for us and for that family. When we look at the risk in the rental platform, the ability to scale that up, the segment that’s going to create – it’s going to be a real business all on its own. And because of the geographic platform and the embedded divisions within that geography, our ability to scale that and touch every market is – we see as just great opportunity for our shareholders and for our people internally.
David Auld: We have start targets and we talk about consistent sustainable starts driving ultimately sales and closings, and it’s based on the capacity within divisions to deliver those homes.
David Auld: It’s a great time. Housing is more affordable today than it certainly was in the 1980s. The ability to get into a house, lock down your homeownership or your housing cost for the next 20 years is a significant driving force in what’s going on because as overall cost inflation, interest rates, as those continue to move up, the people that have bought a house today, even if it’s at a price that’s 15%, 20% higher than it was last year, are – I mean it’s just a great thing. So the other thing, Ken, that we really don’t talk much about, but it’s – when I was 20, I mean that was just – that was what was expected. You figured out a way to buy a house and that became less cool for use of a stupid term, as the millennials came into their 20s. But what I’m seeing and what my millennial daughter is telling me is, now it’s – that’s a big part of the narrative on social media is, it’s – people want to own homes again. And it’s just – I think I’m amazed sometimes at some of the conversations around housing and I look at what it was and look at what it is. I look at the – just the demographic demand that’s out there, I look at the wealth effect of everything that’s happened over the last 10 years and the American public is. They’re in a good place, and from an affordability standpoint, home ownership is better than it was in the 1980s. So I’m very optimistic about what’s going on. I’m very optimistic about this company, and I’m just in all of our people and how – what they are accomplishing out there, so.
David Auld: We actually were talking about this and getting ready for the call. The private builders and even some of the smaller public builders are going to have very difficult time delivering houses. I mean we’re having – it is hard for us. I mean it’s probably harder to complete and finish a house today as it’s been in my career in homebuilding. And as these private guys who don’t have our scale, who don’t have our ability to driver result, their houses are setting and that’s going to cut off their access to the next house they start. Anecdotally, we are talking to the builders end markets, they’re just tired. They don’t – they’ve got six, seven, eight banks. They’re sideways with two of them, and they’re looking to us to take out their log supply and they maybe become a developer for us in that market. So it’s – if the supply chains don’t loosen up, I think you’re going to see the consolidation accelerate in the market by the big box because what is the big constraint on the market on housing is the ability to get lots in front of you. And the private guys, they don’t have that ability that publics do and that’s – so when you look at new home sales decline, that doesn’t have anything to do with demand, that has to be built – 60% of the homes being built out, they’re being built by non-public. And I think all of this cycle, you’re going to see that group’s ability to start houses continue to deteriorate and that is going to get picked up by the public. Even if the overall housing market – new home housing market declines, I think the top 10 [indiscernible] are going to pick up market share and they’re going to continue to grow. So that’s what happening.
David Auld: Yes. There is a big population base there now. You’ve got some of the best universities in the country that are there. You’re seeing a migration out of what we’ve historically been the tech areas and/or the think tank areas, financial areas into these incubators, which are these major universities. I’m just – I’m a big believer that long-term, the quality of life, just the access to really smart people is going to drive companies and grow companies into these markets. You see it in Austin. You see it in Nashville, Columbus. It’s just across Indianapolis. There are brilliant people starting what are going to be great big companies that that find that that environment just a better place to be than some of the what has historically been high tech, high income markets. And the population of the U.S., it – those towns, those cities are great cities, and they offer a lot and that’s what...
David Auld: Thank you, Holly. We appreciate everybody’s time on the call today and look forward to speak with you in our second quarter results in April and our the D.R. Horton family, outstanding first quarter. It’s amazing what’s the – our people are accomplishing it there, and Don Horton and the entire executive team are humbled with the opportunity to represent you. Thank you.
Mike Murray: First of all, John, what we would say is that we’re able to more closely time the application for the mortgage, the qualification for the mortgage and the closing of that mortgage. So the buyer is spending less time in backlog when they’re buying a house that has already started the production process that allows us to have fewer bad things happen to their potential credit profile where then they fall out of backlog and no longer qualify less interest rate risk while they’re in that cycle. And then finally, just a continued focus on affordability, I mean we’re going to continue to seek to be affordable for our homebuyers and our markets.
Mike Murray: Thank you, Steve. I think one of the things you need to look at is how long those houses have been in production. We started a substantial number of those homes in the most recent quarter. I think we stepped up our starts from Q4 to Q1 by about 3,000 homes. So those homes are obviously going to take a little longer to deliver in the process.
Mike Murray: Alan, I don’t think we’ve seen in the last month any real discernible difference. We still have more buyers in all of our markets than we have homes available. And so we are continuing to release those homes at a later stage of construction and so meeting that demand with the inventory as it gets to that point in its construction cycle. So hard to gauge whether it’s a significant shift of any sort, and we still are seeing strong demand across all of our markets and across all demand basis.
Mike Murray: I think as David mentioned before, I mean, it’s everything everywhere. We definitely empower our local business leaders to solve the bottlenecks that are unique to their market, and there are some that are broader in nature and our national purchasing team and regional purchasing teams do a great job of partnering with those manufacturers and our trade partners to give them more forward visibility to our expected demands and then help to understand how that product gets from point of manufacturer through distribution, kind of get the product that’s being earmarked for us into the distribution chain through it on to our job sites when we need it. Not always a perfect process. We would certainly like it to be faster, but it’s increased communication, simplification of product and a lot of anything we need to do market by market.
Mike Murray: Susan, you touched on it with the level of inventory out there, the use of incentives. I think you’d have to see a significant increase in the level of unsold inventories, especially unsold completed inventories. And today, we’re at 1,000 unsold completed homes at the end of December, very low for us this time of the year to be carrying that few homes.
Mike Murray: It’s kind of a mixed bag, but we would generally be seeing slight cost pressures in most places and so that’s been offset by price increases, I think. Some of the lumber relief we should see in Q2, early Q3, will help with some of that as well, but as Jessica mentioned, lumber prices have gone back up, and so those will be flowing through closings later this fiscal year.
Mike Murray: So Rafe, what we’re seeing is we’re growing that business pretty aggressively, and we’ve been very pleased with actually the returns that, that business is produced on a trailing 12-month basis. The profits that segments generated relative to its inventory investment have been about 20% and that’s in a heavy growth ramp. So we would expect to see that continue to increase, especially when we get to have more of the projects delivering on a more consistent basis. And I would say that the markets we seek to serve with that, it’s going to line up very well with our homebuilding for sale footprint as well. We’ve seen a lot of markets accept the product very well, and the investor base very excited about those projects as well.
Mike Murray: I think we’re still seeing a restriction on sales relative to where the inventory is getting to in production. So we’re still waiting to sell the homes closer to the delivery date, and so that’s kind of what’s really the real driver is on our sales expectation. Our comp is still up against a 35% increase last year in the second quarter. It does certainly get to be a much easier comp in Q3 and Q4 this year from a sales perspective.
Mike Murray: As we’ve seen in our sales offices and demand, we’re not seeing people being priced out to can be read today, and we’re generally focused at a price point lower than most of our competitors in the markets that we serve. What I would say is that going forward, you see very good household income growth inflation is certainly out there. It’s across the board and as someone touched on before. We could be at negative real interest rates to own a home, so it’s a very powerful economic decision to go ahead and buy a house today and lock in that interest rate relative to current inflation expectations. So still feel very good about the demand we’re seeing into 2022. Hard to predict much beyond that because you just don’t know, but we do like what we see in 2022 for sure.
Paul Romanowski: And as we’re looking at the remainder of the year, the guidance we’re providing for Q2 is based on where the homes are in construction today. But yes, as we look at the full year based on when we started the homes, and we look at where our guidance is for the full year, we are a bit more back-end loaded in terms of our closings in Q3 and Q4 than historically. We are part of that is because of the elongated construction times that we have not seen improved yet, and it’s based on where our homes in construction currently set in terms of the construction cycle.
Paul Romanowski: Well, I’ll start, Steve. I guess, first, we’re still growing this business and learning this business. Still a little bit early for us to be able to generalize on averages in terms of what level of revenue we might see per unit. We’re building across our entire homebuilding footprint. So every property is unique in terms of size and the product and the market in which it’s in. So we’re individually underwriting each one relative to whether it’s better for-rent community versus a for-sale community. Obviously, we’ve been very pleased with the value that we’ve been able to generate thus far and very excited about the opportunity of growing this business and adding value over time and been very pleased with the demand that there has been for our communities thus far and the execution that we’ve seen in terms of our sales thus far.
Paul Romanowski: Yes. I think that that’s in line with our plans and what we have set forth across all of our divisions and communities. We target an absorption pace per community plan well ahead to make sure that we have those permits in hand and lots in front of us. It’s not easier today to put lots on the ground any more than it is easier to build a home, but we have incredible operators in the field who stay ahead of this and it’s allowed us to continually sequentially quarter-over-quarter increase our start pace and that’s a cadence that we hope to continue. The real key to our ability to do that is our lot position, having that long lot position controlled and strong supplier relationships on will and the developer side puts our operators and positions to continue to start and increase our start base.
Bill Wheat: Yes. Stephen, we see such strong demand today for this product in this low interest rate environment. And I think to your question of if we see rates tick up, do we see that shift? We like the ability to be in the market with this rental platform and be able to adjust to those shifts and market conditions. We do believe that we’re going to continue to see strong demand. Maybe not as strong as it is today with such a new category, but we feel good about our position and the number of communities we’re planning.
Bill Wheat: Sure. Thanks, Mike. In the current environment where we’re seeing such significant average selling price increases. That’s certainly one driver of the SG&A leverage on the P&L. A little difficult to predict exactly where the average ASP might fall in a particular quarter. The trend over time has been upward over the last several quarters, though, and that’s certainly a contributor to it. So I would say, we’re probably a little bit conservative in projecting out the level of increases in our ASPs. We are very actively building infrastructure to support the significant increase in scale that we have seen across our business over the last year and that we’re projecting for the rest of the coming year, and so we are anticipating significant increases in our SG&A spend to support that. And so we’re just basically balancing that versus our expectations for our closings. And with our closings expectations essentially roughly flat with last year in Q2 based on our guidance, we’re not getting the volume leverage, but we are still seeing the leverage from selling price increases.
Bill Wheat: Okay. Well, first to wrap up the SG&A question. We’re not guiding specifically to the full year on SG&A. However, with the kind of heavier volume expected in our annual guidance in Q3 and Q4, we would expect to see more leverage on SG&A probably than 10 basis points in Q3 and Q4 versus Q2. With respect to the rental expectations, we’ve guided annually to more than $700 million of revenue. We’ve been very pleased with the margins and the execution we’ve seen on the sales recently. The margin this quarter, obviously, was very strong. Some projects will continue to generate those margins, others could certainly be short of that. We haven’t specifically guided to the margin on that business as of yet because each project is unique. In terms of volume in the coming quarter, we would expect Q2 volume to be relatively similar to Q1, and which we closed two single-family properties and one multifamily property. And then for the year, basically lining that out to the $700 million of revenue.
Bill Wheat: I don’t know that we’d see a big change in our long-term split. We are continually evaluating new markets. And at the same time, the mandate is to the teams in the field, aggregate your market share. We feel that local scale drives a lot of value in the business for us and the lot supply is a key part of it. I will tell you the frustration, it takes longer – just like it has to build a house, it takes longer to get a neighborhood approved. It takes longer to get lots built today than it did a year or two years ago. And so we’re continuing to challenge that. So just like our housing supply has increased relative to our current delivery levels, our lot – controlled lot position has increased to support those lots coming on just taking longer to get into the finish line.
Bill Wheat: Well, I think as you look at those stress tests that we do, and we’ve run it again and seeing a slight uptick in it, but still nominal and the interest rate increase we’ve seen today have spurred further demand much more so than knock people out of qualification and ability to qualify.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Eric, it really is just an extrapolation of where we see prices now. We’ve got a few more months of visibility into our selling prices and where our closing prices moved up to in Q1 and what our visibility is going into Q2 that we feel like the sales prices that are baked in and that we have visibility to that justified increasing, a pretty nice increase in our annual revenue guide. But obviously, with the continued challenges on the supply chain, construction cycle times elongating, we didn’t really feel like we had any more room on the volume side as of yet. So it’s really solely priced, and we feel good about that guidance for the year.
