Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2019. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-Q this week. After this call, we will post an investor presentation and supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News & Events for your reference. The supplementary data relates to our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margin, changes in active selling communities, our product mix and mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: And the specifics will be in our supplemental presentation available with our call, Carl. But just for reference, our Southwest active selling communities were down 13% year-over-year, right in line with the sales orders, so, very strong absorption still out of that market.
Jessica Hansen: Generally, most of the improvement in our gross margin was driven purely by lower incentives, and not from pricing power. I would say today versus at any point, really, last year in fiscal 2018, we still have less processing power today than we did a year ago. But the pullback in rights has helped. So, it's a little bit better sequentially in that regard. But, the main drivers to our gross margin in Q3 and also what we're expecting, in terms of improvement in Q4, is more from the pullback on incentives. And that continues roll back and then it is pure pricing power.
Jessica Hansen: So, we don't typically quantify incentives, because to us, whether it's price or if it's something flowing through cost of sales, it all falls out in the margin. So, to us, margin is a best grade and we don't typically try to quantify incentives that way.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Truman. That's our preliminary fiscal 2020 guidance. So, today, it's only July, we're going to stick with just consolidated revenue growth in homes closed in the mid to high-single-digits percentage range. And we'll give further breakdown and color in November when we completed our fiscal year end.
Jessica Hansen: We've never given specific guidance on community count, and we're just going to stick with what we currently expect for fiscal ‘20. And we may have a little bit of nonspecific guidance, but color on community count in November, but today, that's what we feel comfortable with our preliminary guidance.
Jessica Hansen: We have a very strong focus on completed an unsold specs over a period of time. And that number for homes greater than six months that have been completed and unsold, have stayed in a really tight 400 to 600 homes range, which on our overall base of inventory of on those 30,000 homes is very manageable. And as Bill said, we feel like we’re in a very strong position for Q4.
Jessica Hansen: Well, to be specific about the completed specs that we've referenced a couple of times, we have 6,000 -- actually 5,600 completed specs at the end of this year. Last year, we only had about 3,600. So, we are in a very strong position to deliver on that guidance. And right behind those completed specs, we also have homes that are close to completion that we can also sell and close in the same quarter.
Jessica Hansen: Not that we see today. I mean, we don't have a crystal ball to what the spring selling season looks like. But, where we sit today, we anticipate normal seasonality.
Jessica Hansen: The stuff we sell and close in the same quarter is almost 100% homes that were already started going into the quarter.
Jessica Hansen: We generally just look at our spec margin versus our build job margin. And generally, our specs run at slightly lower gross margin than our build jobs. But, they turn faster. So, from a return perspective, they're always accretive.
Jessica Hansen: Jack, in terms of financing, it's all on our balance sheet today, but we are assessing what that looks like in the future. And we'd expect to utilize some level of third-party capital at some point.
Jessica Hansen: As we've kind of outlined, we get preliminary guidance with what we feel comfortable with today that we can commit to for fiscal 2020. And it's all subject to today's market conditions. We're going to focus as we always have on maximizing returns. And gross margin is going to be a product of both the overall market and what it takes from a price and pace perspective community-by-community to maximize returns. And so, we're not going to try in July to give any sort of gross margin color for fiscal ‘20, other than continuing to make sure, we're balancing pace and price to maximize returns.
Jessica Hansen: But, what I said earlier about spec margins generally being lower than build job margins is still true. That was true this quarter and that would be in any base case scenario we have.
Jessica Hansen: Yes. And outside of incentives and lumber, really our revenues per square foot and our cost per square foot were relatively flat sequentially, other than the two pieces that we called out which drove the improvement in gross margin.
Jessica Hansen: Jay, I think, we answered the call, David mentioned that we've seen in our June quarter and our July sales through -- we can't talk about today yet, but through most of the month, we've just seen normal seasonality and in line with our expectations. So putting this right where we want to be to deliver the fourth quarter we’ve talked about.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Buck. I think you’ve kind of hit the nail on the head with how we would start, which is 2021 is a long ways out. So, I think a lot can happen between then. And does it fully expire and go away or does some middle ground be reached between now and then, we'll see. It's a long ways out. In terms of our buyers and their debt to income for the buyers that are utilizing our mortgage company, on average for our entire mortgage company this quarter, the DTI percentage was about 42%. So, we do have a decent amount of our buyers that would be at that 43% or above. But, that doesn't mean just because it's the patch were to go away for conventional, there's not a product for them, they’d still be eligible potentially for an FHA loan. And then, the first question we also always ask is do you have other sources of income that we can verify that we haven't yet, to go into that equation? So typically, any sort of change that gets implemented like that, is not 100% fallout. Our mortgage company just -- mortgage company does a phenomenal job of working with buyers in our pipeline to find them the different products. And if this patch were to expire, which I don't know that that's any of these base case scenario right now, I feel confident that we figure our way through it with without a lot of fallout.
David Auld: In closing, our results reflect the strength of our long-tenured, well-established operating platform across the country. We're striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets, and to expand our industry-leading market share. We have been the largest builder by volume in the United States for 17 consecutive years. According to Builder Magazine's recent Local Leaders issue, in 2018, we were the number one builder in all of the top five U.S. housing markets. And D.R. Horton was a top 5 builder in 31 of the top 50 housing markets. We are focused on consolidating market share, while growing our revenues and profits and generating strong annual cash flows and returns, while maintaining a flexible financial position. We are well-positioned to do so with our conservative balancing, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offerings across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position and most importantly, our outstanding experienced team across the country. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus on hard work. We are incredibly well-positioned to continue growing and improving our operations. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions. Thank you.
David Auld: We've been in this affordability push for the last five years. We have incredibly well positioned communities, very deep and lot supply. And it's not something that is going to continue to outgrow the overall percentage of what we grow. It has driven growth for the last three or four years. It's fully rolled out. And from a competitive standpoint, yes, there are people pushing down in price, they're having give away more margin than we are, because they're not as well positioned or as deeply positioned as we are. So, we feel very good about what we've done, where we've done, and feel very good about the pace and margin balance that we're now executing, so.
David Auld: That's not my belief. I can tell you. I think that there is tremendous opportunities, tremendous demand in the affordable market, households, the employment, jobs being created. And there's just a limited amount of supply even today. So, I think, the demand is there, if you can position and drive a price that they can buy.
David Auld: I would say that the houses we sold and closed in the quarter, we probably achieved a better margin on those than we would have, if we would have sold them in the first quarter or the second quarter.
David Auld: I would say the affordability we gained, affordability in the quarter because interest rates dropped, lumber prices reduced a little bit, which both those things helped I think margin. But, I can tell you, we get up every day thinking about positioning and how we're trying to put the right house, right lot, right community and then have it priced to turn. And so, -- and I know, it’s psychoish to say this, but we really don't look at the other builders much. So, we're just trying to get better in our community presentations, our community offerings and stay competitive every day. So, I would say, it's more Horton than the market, but I'm probably a slightly biased.
David Auld: I'd say, when we started this, we thought it was going to work hand in hand with our home building operations. Where we started it was in communities where we had apartment zoned land, we owned that typically we would have sold and felt like we could drive higher value for our shareholders by building it out and selling it. Our long-term strategy is to sustain and then scale that program. And whether we buy -- whether we hold them, sell them is going to depend on market and cap rates and pipeline, fields we got coming. Right now, as we're learning the business, we're selling. And they actually -- even Bill Wheat was a little skeptical going into it, but they're driving pretty good returns. And as we look at our pipeline of stuff that's under construction right now, it looks like a business that's going to be able to -- we're going to be able to scale.
David Auld: And ultimately, it comes back to people. And I can tell you, what our community guys have done in a establishing platform, and getting the right people in the right slots has been very impressive. So, we like what we see so far.
David Auld: I may have misspoke. But just to clarify what I thought I said. The houses we sold and closed in Q3 were at a higher margin than if we would have sold and closed the houses that we sold and closed in Q1 -- specs. Because incentives have abated, and we are seeing less of a need to incentivize a finished house to get it under contract and close.
David Auld: I talk about one of my divisions, margin is the great. If you do a great job of positioning the product for the price point and demand that exists, then you're going to run a very high margin, in excess of 20%. If you do a very poor job of positioning price point, product, then you're probably going to run a lower margin, because you're -- we are going hit a certain pace, we are going to maintain production in the community and then, adjust out that process. So, we do put a plan out there, we do have expectations. And when we get everything right, the margins run very, very high, when the markets working with us, the margins improve. So, we are going to run at a pace.
David Auld: We've been consolidating. And I can tell you, our plan is to continue to consolidate. If you look at the industry when we went public, it was -- public builders were about 3% of the overall market. And every year, since then, the publics have gained more market share and we have gained more market share against the other publics. I for one don’t see the change.
David Auld: The Freedom brand is still early in the rollout. We have gotten much better at positioning that product. But we're not anywhere near where we want to be, at this point. I will say that every community we’ve rolled out seems to be a little better positioned, a little better reception from the customer. And it's a brand -- it’s going to be a part of this company for a long time. And I think we'll at some point approach 10% plus of our deliveries. The luxury brand, again, we continue to get better at it, nowhere near where we want to be. It gives us areas to focus. Right now, the affordable product lines have driven returns and growth, and we pay our guys based upon returns and profits. So, their focus has been on delivering what the buyer wants. But, there will be a point in time where that will drive a better return than entry levels, at least it has been in past cycles. So, very happy with everything we're doing. We’ve just got to get better.
David Auld: Thanks, Kevin. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in November. And to the D.R. Horton team, outstanding quarter. Thank you. We are forever grateful up here for what you guys do out there. And I guess, we'll talk to you sooner than November.
Mike Murray: Yes. What we're seeing in the Southwest is that we are short communities relative to where we were. And frankly, that's a function of our success we've had in those markets. We've sold communities at faster paces than anticipated, and the replacement communities are not yet on line. And we will be looking to replace those communities replace those flags. South Central, frankly, is going up against a very tough sales comp. Last year, I think, they work over 20% in this quarter. And while their community count’s going to be about flat, absorptions did not grow as much. But we're frankly pretty satisfied with the absorptions we have there this year, based on what we saw in the late fall and early winter, and then, seeing the margin expansion that we've been able to achieve with a little stronger selling season.
Mike Murray: Sure. Thank you, Alan. This is Mike. What I would touch on is that seasonally, we would expect to see our homes inventory build in the earlier quarters and then start to kind of run down as we satisfy some of that spring selling demand. I think, this quarter, we had 38% of the homes we closed this quarter were sold in the quarter as well. And so, a lot of that reflected with the enhanced margins, our reduced incentives and seeing a buyer return to the market and a little bit of tailwind on some material costs, most notably lumber. We have inventory position where we like it right now, coming to our fourth quarter. We have more inventory right now than we had this time last year. And we expect to be well-positioned at September 30th to start fiscal ‘20, as well. We're not seeing any real times [ph]. I mean, we're continuing to do what we do.
Mike Murray: I think, Eric, it’s something we continually measure and manage community-by-community. And our operators in the field are making those pricing decisions to meet the market that they see in front of them. So, I would expect that we would, as Jessica mentioned, in the gross margin guidance, continue to see a little bit improved margin into our fourth quarter. Based on the selling environment we're in today and the strength of the buyer that’s coming to our doors, we feel really good about that. I think, we're going to see some further expansion in margin and as well as maintaining the pace that we're at.
Mike Murray: I think, it's just a better visibility. As we've gotten through the spring way and we've been able to see our pace continue at a solid base, we have a greater confidence level in our ability to sell and sell through the homes that we have and deliver on during this fiscal year. Just the sequential improvement visibility, I think was the primary factor. It's a very solid market as evidenced by our ability to pull back incentives throughout the quarter. And I think we're still seeing a very solid market out here as we go into our Q4.
Mike Murray: In terms of the change in the option percentage, Truman, I think, that number is very dynamic. It moves, every time we sign a contract or take down lots or cancel a contract. And so, there's a lot of volatility in that. Directionally, the general trend we've had over the past few quarters and past few years, frankly, as we've been working on this has been to push it higher. And we're continuing to work at that. We’re working with developers, both Forestar and other third-party developers constantly, looking for ways to expand that controlled lot position and partner with them to deliver communities and lots to us. Availability, it's still a tough job to find the right land and to get it entitled in today's market, and bring it into production. It is something our team across the country works very hard at every day.
Mike Murray: Obviously, the only perspective we can give on that is based on today's market conditions. So, that's assuming that conditions remain relatively consistent with today.
Mike Murray: Michael, thank you very much. This is Mike. I think, the way to start with the answer to the question is, we've tried to move to the entry level to the affordable product positioning that’s expressed five years ago. And we had been out rolling that out and seeing very good absorption in demand for that product very well received over the past five years. And we did fuel a lot of years of double-digit top-line growth in units. We, as David mentioned on the call, secured a lot of very good long land positions and opportunities in that. And we are now -- we're at a place in our rollout that is fairly mature, we're getting good absorptions for immunity. And from a balanced perspective, we're looking at the pace and price and focusing on what's driving the best returns for our inventory investments. And that's what we're seeing today is that we've got a pace that we're very, very satisfied with in our communities looking at each one of them individually, and then looking to see what can we do to adjust incentives, adjust product offerings, to enhance margins, that then increases overall return in those communities as we're working through. So by and large, we have done the rollout to the entry level. And now, we're looking to kind of, if you would, turn the sales on the business plan a little bit to maximize the returns we're getting out of those communities, and continuing to look for new communities to replace those. So others -- we've been saying for a long time, as we've opened up communities, we see great demand, and we were not able to satisfy all that demand. So, some others have come in and are helping to meet a bit of that demand. But we still feel really good about our positioning and the performance we're getting out of this. 
Mike Murray: I think, you asked the question the right way in the term of years to look at this. It is a fairly volatile measurement and we have been very fortunate the past several quarters, it has been nothing but increased. But, it will bounce a little bit from time-to-time. But directionally, over the next few years, we would still expect that controlled lot position to climb above its current level. I would say that there's going to be a rapid accelerated leg with that or anything we can point to as a catalyst to take it immediately up 3% to 5%, 7%, 10%. But continually, as we're continuing to adjust our business to focus on returns, we're looking to continue to control more land and partner with more third parties in delivering lots to the builder.
Mike Murray: We certainly are in strong position to sell and to deliver on what our guidance is for Q4 fiscal ‘19, and fiscal ‘20, and the finished spec position gives us an ability to sell and close homes in the same quarter. So, we're pleased with that positioning, but really no, really implications on our margin guide. We expect our margin to still tick up into Q4 and feel good about our positioning in the market to continue to maintain margins at that level. 
Mike Murray: I think, one of the things to discuss on is that we have a fair bit of completed homes both unsold as well as sold that will be delivered in the fourth quarter. In the aggregate, our homes and inventory are up year-over-year. They're down sequentially, which is seasonally, what we would expect in our business plan. So, we have the homes out there, we're going to close in the fourth quarter.
Mike Murray: And then, roughly 80% of the homes closed are specs. So really, our overall margin really does reflect larger spec margin.
Mike Murray: We probably would quantify that as about in our sequential margin improvement. Probably about 20 to 30 bps of tailwind came from lower lumber costs in the homes we closed this quarter versus when we closed in the second quarter.
Mike Murray: We're not seeing our build times lengthen this year and they have not contracted as much as we would have liked. But, that does remain an area of focus to us is how do we be better stewards of the capital and turn that capital more efficiently, and getting build times to be as efficient as possible is certainly a huge part of that. And that's something we do get up every day and think about how to do that. I mean, David talked about, we try to enhance margin every day, we also try to enhance the build time. We talked about our cash flow cycles. That's a big part of our cash flow cycle. You're exactly right. That is an area we need to focus on.
Mike Murray: Yes. In the short term, that margin grade is what the difference is between how well we do and how well we want to do. But in a little bit longer term, we can moderate, adjust the pace, based on market conditions, as we're seeing to maximize the return. And more broadly, as we've over the past 5 years, 10 years, coming out of the downturn, attained a lot of market share and scale, we've been able to then focus on how best to maximize the company's return on equity, and what are some of the levers we can pull there and consistently driving cash flow creating opportunities for us de-risk the balance sheet, invest in new opportunities for us to grow the business or to return more capital to shareholders, as we think it’s the most creative way to drive value for our shareholders.
Mike Murray: I’ll comment on Q4 first. So, it's a bit of a tailwind on lumber is a component of our guide of a sequential improvement of 10 to 40 basis points in gross margin in Q4. Don't have a specific component of that, because mix will impact that in actuality, but it is a component of our guide for sequential increase.
Mike Murray: That's the big focus of ours. While we're certainly the largest volume builder in the country, we're not number one in every market. So, we're focused on what can we do in each market to aggregate market share and become the largest builder. We're top 5 in 31 of the top 50 markets. So, we see plenty of opportunity to still consolidate market-by-market and really that happens at community level every day.
Mike Murray: So, first of all, your question in terms of labor costs, we're not seeing a lot of other changes really in our steak and bread cost. So, labor costs right now quarter-on-quarter holding in flat, we're pleased with the relationships and the teams we have out there negotiating this. Land and development costs are always a challenge that we work back against, a lot of our deep positions and market scale of health with that, and we've now seen a lot of lot cost inflation coming through on this quarter’s closings. So we're happy with the benefit that's produced. And then, the third part of the question, I think is Forestar’s lot pricing. We look at for an opportunity that we bring to Forestar that we have tied up, we negotiate with Forestar and they have returned hurdles and metrics that they have to achieve. And our land teams what those are and they'll bring those projects to them and then negotiate take down structures and the pricing to achieve those return hurdles. And if it works for both parties, we go forward with the deal that Forestar does it. If it doesn't work, we can't find a way to make it work, then it's not a deal Forestar does. For an opportunity that Forestar sources, we have the opportunity to get up to have the lots tied up, but that's really, write a first offer or first refusal on those parcels. And, they have their return hurdles; they are out there competitively bidding it in the marketplace with other builders. And they'll work with us where it makes sense. And they'll work with other builders where it makes sense as well. So, they sell both to Horton and they sell to third-party builders as well.
