Donald J. Tomnitz: In closing, this quarter was D.R. Horton's most profitable fourth quarter since 2006, with $202.8 million of pretax income. The majority of our operating metrics improved on a year-over-year basis this quarter. The value of our sales, closings and backlog increased by 14%, 40% and 33%, respectively. Our pretax income increased 104%. Our pretax income margin increased 350 basis points to 10.9%. Our gross margin on home sales revenues increased 380 basis points. Our SG&A as a percentage of homebuilding revenues improved 90 basis points. Our average sales price increased 16% as we experienced pricing power in many of our markets and as our expanded move-up and luxury product offerings have received a very positive reception from our customers. Finally, we would like to welcome David Auld to his new position as Chief Operating Officer for D.R. Horton. David will oversee all homebuilding regions and will play a solid role in guiding our operations. David has been with a company for 25 years, and we welcome his extensive operating experience to our executive team. Congratulations, Brother Auld. We would like to personally thank all of our D.R. Horton team. You are executing our business plan superbly, which is why our company continues to perform so well with improving margins, profitability and returns, continue taking good care of our customers and outperforming in fiscal 2014. This concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now host any questions you have.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I don't think there's any question that will start with incentives if -- the pace continues into the strong selling season around Super Bowl Sunday. Currently, even though we were down slightly in terms of units in the quarter, we were still up 14% in terms of sales dollars. We think that's a great relationship. And currently, we're not overreacting because this is normally a slow part of the season. But we have plans in place coming January to make sure that we drive the right amount of the absorptions relative to our margins, because it's a balancing act. And we've got plans on a community-by-community basis, and I'm sure other builders probably will follow suit.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think it's applying across all product and price lines, to be frank with you. And I don't mean to date myself, but as I sat around and look at the people here, no one around this table can remember mortgage rates being higher than 6% or 7%. And I think one of the factors that we are dealing with, quite frankly, is most analysts and most young buyers, especially first-time homebuyers in the market today, are -- have been accustomed to low rates for all their lives. So I do know one thing: Rates are going to go up and we're going to have to deal with those on a go-forward basis. But I think rates going up will indicate that the economy is doing better. We're creating jobs, and I think that will be good for the economy and that will be good for us.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, we have expanded our Emerald and our upper price point, and we're getting very good reception in the marketplace from that. But be clear, we're expanding our business in all price points and all product lines, whether it be the low end, the mid-priced or the high end. And Stacey can speak more specifically to that.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And I would say also something driving that 53%, 44% relationship in terms of first-time buyers being down is that, as we expand that higher price point, you're dealing with a more second- or third-time buyer, and they're a little bit more familiar with the financial system, and a lot of those people drive their home mortgages, and they have other mortgage companies as opposed to just DHI Mortgage company that they've done business with in the past. So a lot of that has to do with their relationships in the marketplace as opposed to a first-time buyer who, in many times, has never dealt with a mortgage company.
Donald J. Tomnitz: As you know, Steve, land prices continue to go down very slowly and go up very rapidly. And as we have adjusted our land purchases, I believe the same is happening in the rest of the industry. And we're beginning to see somewhat more cooperation from our land seller today than what we were getting 6, 9, 12 months ago just simply because there's less demand in the marketplace today. And I think that will be reflective come the spring, depending upon how well sales go in the spring. But land sellers could -- will adjust accordingly. But generally speaking, land prices haven't come down, but they're a lot more flexible on terms, it seems like, than what they were 6 and 9 months ago.
Donald J. Tomnitz: As D.R. would say, we made some good purchases over the last 12 months. We are bringing those raw land purchases into development, have them bringing them under development. And so our feeling is, is that we're in a great position with lower-priced land hopefully than our competitors since we bought a little bit earlier, and we ought to be able to help supplement and protect our gross margins on a go-forward basis with the new good projects that we're bringing on at Horton.
Donald J. Tomnitz: In a couple of instances, we basically, what drove it was we had offers from buyers to purchase it, and we were forced to make a decision as to whether we want to keep it or take the cash in today. And we chose to take the bird in the hand.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We're still dealing with increased costs right for this quarter. And for the fiscal year, we've been able to increase our sales prices faster than what we have experienced our cost increases. But we still have good, strong cost increases from our subs and our manufacturers, and that we think that will continue into calendar year 2014. Our goal from our national purchasing, as well as from a local purchasing perspective, is to continue to hold those costs down. And we believe that we're in a preeminent position to do that just simply because in most of our markets, we are the largest builder. We're starting more homes than most people, and we're the largest builder nationally, which certainly helps us with our national contracts. So we're proactive in terms of those respects, but so far, we have been able to increase our prices faster than our costs have increased.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, first of all, we're not purchasing as much land today or in the past 6 months at a higher cost. We feel like that we're in a preeminent position based upon our purchases 12 and 18 months ago that we're developing and bringing the market here for fiscal year '14. But as Stacey likes to say, we've increased our margins and we're hanging on to every bit as strongly as we can. And that's going to be really impacted, I think, clearly when it comes to the Spring selling season, and we have specific absorptions for community by community. And I don't want anybody to think that we're sitting here asleep at the wheel because we have a plan for each one of our communities, to hit a specific absorption level and a gross margin level, and we're going to fine-tune that with the ROI. So we're going to drive our absorptions and keep in mind our gross margins and our ROI.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And as we said in our conference call script, we have had price increases on a number of our markets significant last year, but there are other markets where we haven't experienced that kind of increase. So we're hoping that those markets that have had a lesser increase in 2013 will have a stronger increase in '14 and help us maintain our gross margins or even hopefully improve them. But right now, I would agree with Stacy. We -- it's going to be a lot more difficult to improve our margins on the scale we did in '13 and '14.
Donald J. Tomnitz: That's a good point, Bill, because as D.R. remembers when he sat in a model home himself self-selling homes, when the interest rates go up, you have a dearth of traffic there for 1 week or 2 as people are adjusting to the higher rates. And I think Bill makes a great point, and that is sales prices have increased dramatically in a lot of markets over the course of fiscal year '12. They are much more muted today. And I think the buyers are clearly getting more comfortable with where pricing is today. And they're beginning to become more comfortable with where rates are today. And as homebuilder, I would say based upon all my years of experience, as I told Stacey a few moments ago, if you're waiting for a better rate and a better house price, you're going to wait and you're going to find higher rates and higher house prices. So I think they're coming to -- a number of buyers are coming to the conclusion that rates are not that high, home prices are not that high and today is a great time to buy.
Donald J. Tomnitz: If you look at that West, that is totally reflective of what Horton did in the quarter, but most importantly in the fiscal year. I'm not going to apologize for being down 2% on units. But if you look at our total dollars of sales being up 14%, that's a great metric. And we could have driven the volume more, but we chose to collect the profits and focus on the dollars and increase our average sales prices market to market.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We're sitting at about a 53% spec ratio today. And I would say to you that we have adequate inventory in each one of our markets to meet our current demand. And certainly in this time of the year, we expect our specs to work their way downward simply as we sell our existing specs, so that we can put new and fresh inventory out there come February and March when the selling season begins. And our percentage of specs that we sold -- stays pretty much somewhere in the 60% range each quarter.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We would like to increase sales and we'd like to increase specs, of course, Dan. And we're working on trying to bring the specs down slightly so that we can refresh some of our inventory out there.
Donald J. Tomnitz: But we kept our spec percentage pretty much the same year after year after year after year. And Horton has always had slightly higher specs than other builders largely because we focus on doing a lot of business with realtors as opposed to spending advertising dollars. And as I've said many times before, realtors have one thing in common. They like to collect their commission as quickly as they possibly can. And that runs in conjunction with our homebuyers who, especially in this type of rate environment, are trying to take advantage of the interest rates before change. So we have a buyer who, when get qualified, they want to close as quickly as they can before rates move up and they can't qualify any longer. And the realtors who represent a huge percentage of our sales on a month-to-month basis, they want to be able to collect their commission in a 30-day period as opposed to a 4- or 5-month period on a build job.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And I would also say to you as our business has grown, we've added more employees throughout the year. And we've been slow to hire. And as a result, a lot of that what you see working its way through the SG&A has just been the realization that we needed to hire more people to be able to grow our business.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I'd say is we're at the very formative stages with our Emerald division. And we haven't rolled out in the number of communities, some of which we are developing lots. So we don't have the products online yet. But the product offerings have essentially been from about $500,000 up to typically $1.2 million, $1.5 million, except for Palo Alto in California where we basically had a higher-priced homes, and that's just based upon the lot price. But we are receiving the amenity level in these homes, to finish out using different subs to build that product line is extraordinary. And if you ever have a chance to get into one of our Emerald communities, you'd be astounded of the high level of finish out and the quality of the floor plans and the quality of the exteriors. And so as a result, we don't know where we can take that business. But certainly, we look at other builders who are focused on that segment of the business, and we feel like that we can continue to make strong inroads into their business and grow our segment of the business of Emerald.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I can answer that question very briefly. Thank goodness we've never told you that information. You must have had us confused with someone else. Generally speaking, clearly, the demand has been more muted in this past quarter. And this, as I said earlier, is our normal seasonally slow period. And again, given the fact that we are up 14% in terms of total dollar sales in the quarter, we're not going to overreact. I don't want to overreact, and it's not the time to overreact. We had a wonderful September. And that was probably driven some by increased demand just off the top from people getting more familiar with the mortgage rates, more familiar with the housing prices. But we are also in certain areas, certain communities also having sales programs, sales contests and that sort of thing, division by division, community by community selective basis. So in those areas, we are offering some incentives to drive that increase. But we're not going to overreact. We're going to wait see what happens in January and February. But as I want to reiterate, we are totally prepared on a community-by-community basis, the sales programs for each one of those communities in place ready to implement based upon us wanting to meet a certain absorption level in each one of those communities.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We do count our traffic, and I don't focus so much on the traffic as I do the hit ratio that our sales people hit because can have -- you can be in a great community with a lot of traffic and if you don't have a salesperson who has what we call, high kill ratio, then you're not going to have nearly as many sales. So what we're focusing on is just how many traffic units do they convert to contracts. And generally speaking, our traffic was up in October as our sales, and we'll continue to monitor that as we go forward. Although in November and December, those are typically our slowest months of the fiscal year just simply because of the holiday season. And so we don't have any great expectations about November and December. But clearly, we do have great expectations about January, February and March.
Donald J. Tomnitz: It's also being lengthened by our Emerald product line taking longer to construct. And quite frankly, subs have been somewhat slow to grow their businesses simply because of the fact that they don't want to go back to 2005 and 2006. They want to keep their businesses slightly smaller. So there are times when we take the next subdivision to a framer or an electrician or a plumber and they say, "well, take it to somebody else." And so we've had to in certain instances look for other subs to backfill existing sub base simply because they've been through the merry-go-round once before and they don't want to go down the hill again.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We evaluate each one of those deals on a weekly and even a daily basis because all of those land contracts, whether they be option or all-cash purchases come up here. And we are evaluating where our performance has been in the subdivision, what are -- in terms of gross margins and what are our absorptions have been, and relative to our next take -- takedown requirement and if we believe that we have adequate lots. We don't want to do the next takedown, we try to extend the contract. But we're not going to bank lots in a deal where we're making marginal gross margins. The cheaper route is to close it down and go someplace else, redeploy our capital where we can achieve a higher ROI.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And frankly, it's really -- it factors on a division by division, city by city, market by market basis all relative to what we're doing in that market in terms of returns and how much capital we want to commit to that market and where we can redeploy that capital if we can get a higher return.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Absolutely. I sent an email up to all of our regional presidents and division presidents about 4 or 5 months ago and said, "Hey, the land market is slowing down. Now is a good time to go back and see if we can get some of the lot price back, the negotiation downward into the sales price of a lot." And sometimes, we're successful, sometimes we're not. But it's -- I love D.R.'s comment, "You'll never know till you ask."
Donald J. Tomnitz: But an important point, just because we can someone because all of a sudden, they couldn't qualify under the existing mortgage, we have what we call the Home Buyers Club, and those people will go into that club or we'll keep them on the list. And 1 of 2 ways, we're going to still try to figure out how to put them in a home, house price or a rate that they can afford. And just because they can't qualify at a specific rate at our current sales price, they might elect them, they might be able to get them in a slightly smaller home. Bottom line is get them in a home today, let them experience that appreciation so they have something, some basis on their money to get the appreciation and be able to be a future buyer of another home, perhaps the one that they couldn't afford today, 3 or 4 years out.
Donald J. Tomnitz: No, not really. Clearly, as builders approach their fiscal year end, certain builders, they begin to offer incentives to hit their expected or desired closings or sales for the year. And so you always have that, Alex, and it all depends upon what month their fiscal year ends. So yes, we experienced some of that in a couple of months ago. But generally speaking, I think people are acting rational. And frankly over the course of the past 18 months or so, most of us have been, I wouldn't call struggling, but we've been striving to meet the demand in the marketplace and been experiencing good pricing. I think everybody in the industry should be glad to be back to decent demand and decent margin and decent pretax income possibilities on a go-forward basis. So right now, everybody's playing in the sandbox pretty well.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we would like to do 100% options if we could, but there are markets where we cannot. And simply because the developers aren't large enough or there aren't enough people well capitalized enough to provide us our lots on a timely basis in a cost-effective basis. So frankly, right now, if you take a look at our finished lots, we have about half of them that we own and about half of them that were optioned and that's probably a pretty normal percentage for us. Like I said, it would be nice to have 100% options with $100 earnest money up on each contract, but that's not feasible.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Actually, I don't. I think what we focused on over the course of the past 18 months is the reason we stepped up our land spend over the last 18 months there for a while was because there weren't option lots available. And so therefore we needed to get back in the business of being a land developer to provide us the necessary lots to meet the demand. And it just varies by market by market. I do know one thing. Right now, the banks are reluctant to lend on a very favorable basis to private developers to the extent that many of them are requiring 50% equity in the deal to develop the lots. So for a large builder like ourselves, well capitalized, we're in a preeminent position to be able to be a developer and provide ourselves lots at a cost-effective and timely basis.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I have been reluctant to do that for a long time, and I apologize. I know that we have one of our competitors who seems to walk through and rate each market, and I always wait for their rating of the markets. I hate to give any specific color to you on that because we're very -- I guess we like to focus on our own markets and we don't like to give our competitors any indication of where we've got stronger or weaker markets. So I would apologize, but I prefer not to answer that question.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Kevin, thank you very much for being a great moderator. We always appreciate you having us on our -- you on our call. To all of our D.R. Horton employees, we've come a long way, as the Virginia Slims commercial says. Since the '07, '08 and '09 period, we -- you've turned in a stellar year for us in fiscal year '13. We are looking forward to the same and better, obviously, in fiscal year '14. And we're optimistic with our existing land position that we bought over the last 2 to 3 years and with us bringing those projects under development. And we believe we're looking forward to being able to maintain and increase our gross margins in the year ahead and we're looking forward to increase demand in fiscal year '14 over '13. So thank you very much and God bless.
Stacey H. Dwyer: David, we've not seen any significant changes in the underwriting standards that are available to our customers. We have seen certain banks, which have had more restrictive overlays, now begin to make those overlays less restrictive so they match what's currently in the market. But in terms of an overall loosening, we're not seeing anything significant.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes, and I think you are seeing that flow through in our mortgage company because they are primarily focused on our business. So the mix of their results is probably a decent indication of what we're seeing in the home buyer -- excuse me, in the homebuilder. Just as a point of reference, in Q4, the number of homes that we closed over $500,000 was just under 5% compared to 3% last year. But the dollars have grown a little more significantly, they are now 12.6% compared to 8.3%. But as Don mentioned, we do plan to stay very focused on the first-time buyer and the first-time move-up. So in terms of trying to get where that number's going, we don't have complete clarity.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We've seen a significant improvement on our gross margins primarily as we saw sharp jumps in prices in certain markets because demand was outpacing the housing supply. And so we've now recovered into a normal operating range. As we move forward, and as the supply is catching up to demand, we will still do everything we can to improve our gross margins. But our expectation is that the increases in sales price will moderate as we have caught up on the demand side, and until we see more substantial improvement in the overall economy and in the economy of our individual markets.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes. And, Dan, one of the things we've seen, too, is the spec percentage tends to follow our first-time home buyer percentage. So we've seen our first-time home buyer percentage trending down. It's entirely possible that specs may move down a little bit, too, because more of the higher-priced homes stay in backlog longer and people choose to do more customization to build jobs.
Stacey H. Dwyer: The normal seasonality would be you'd see your strongest sales in March and April. And then you'd begin to see just a slow decline throughout the rest of the calendar year, with acceleration into January and February. So October is a seasonally slower time of the year. It's typically lower than September. We've also seen this pattern before that we actually saw it last year. So our October comp was a very tough comp because last year, we saw the same thing with October being higher than September.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Just directionally, Jade, that was our highest number for a while. So directionally on average, we would expect that to probably come down going forward, but it will be lumpy. I mean, those decisions don't happen on a normal basis. They happen basically at a decision point where we have to make a go-forward or not go-forward decision.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Okay. In reverse order, the FICO score was about 723 this quarter. Historically, we would have expected something closer to 710, so not a huge difference from where we are today. In terms of the MI product and the expanded pool of buyers, we're not hearing anything significant about that. I can ask our mortgage company, if you'd like me to, and we can follow back up with you.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We -- I think we have that information available on the closings. We probably don't have it on the sale. Bill is looking right now.
Stacey H. Dwyer: This was the first quarter that it really showed up in our operating margin. So you saw us running from around 40% operating margin to a lower level this quarter. Basically, there's a lot of capacity in the market origination business right now. Refis have dwindled as rates moved up. And so there's more competition for the business that's still available.
Stacey H. Dwyer: This quarter probably falls right in the middle of what we would consider normalized historical trend.
Bill W. Wheat: And in general, I think we'll see different activity from market to market, and that will depend largely on what the inventory levels are. In general, most of our markets' inventory levels are either low or imbalanced and to the extent that inventory levels are not out of line or higher than where demand is I think you'll see builders adjust their production schedules, to match demand, which then would not require as much incentives. But right now, we think we're on great position. We're up 14% in terms of sales dollars in the fourth quarter, and we're going to see what happens and we're going to adjust accordingly.
Bill W. Wheat: From a longer-term historical perspective, historically, our normal percentage of our business that was first-time buyers was around 40%, 35% to 40% range. So we continue to move closer to that longer-term historical range, and our mix is really getting back to normal levels.
Bill W. Wheat: And Steve, I think a little bit of the slower activity you saw this quarter certainly is reflective. When we see a little bit softer sales environment, then we certainly do adjust our spending. But it also is reflective of the fact that we built up our lot supply very nicely in fiscal '12 and the first half of fiscal '13. So we're in a very good position from a lot supply and really don't need to add too much here in the short term. So we have some flexibility in when we pick and choose to go make our investments.
Bill W. Wheat: So an option to walk away is clearly -- those are land deals we've been currently working over the last months, several quarters, perhaps over the last year. In terms of the projects that we took the charges on, those were projects that we have owned for a number of years that we bought pre-downturn. And as we evaluated our best return opportunities, we had, had plans to build through those projects but our returns were going to be very low. And so as we evaluated those, we determined our best option was to sell them in the short term and reinvest our cash into better opportunities. On a regular basis, we disclose our overall evaluation for potential charges and the number of projects that we continue to evaluate, but that list has continued to get smaller over time. And I believe it will continue to as long as we continue to see market recovery. There certainly could be additional projects in the future. But as of right now, we believe that everything that we're going to move that requires a charge at its current time has been taken.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, it's difficult know exactly what's caused it. But just anecdotally, we do hear that there could be a little bit of pickup in demand. And certainly buyers have had an opportunity to adjust now to higher rates, prices out in the marketplace are probably increasing quite at the paces they were in as many communities, so I think certainly buyers could be coming back. There could be some level of incentives that are a little bit more than you may be seeing in some of our communities or with some other builders. It could be there. But we're just pleased to see certainly some pickup in demand in October.
Bill W. Wheat: In terms of a land acquisition today, it will really be determined based on where we see the sales environment in the Spring. But today, our expectations is we will purchase less land in '14 than '13. However, our land development spending is increasing quite a bit as we develop the land that we bought in fiscal '12 and '13 and bring new communities in line. So our overall investments may not go down, but I think the mix will shift definitely more towards more development.
Bill W. Wheat: Sure. As we look across our regions on a year-over-year basis for the quarter on sales, clearly, our largest 2 regions in the Southeast and the South Central had very solid results up in both units and then also seeing very good double-digit improvements in average selling prices. That's the core of our operation, and we certainly saw good results there. As we see good demand, there's a lot more job growth and more dynamic economies in many of those markets. On the flip side, you can see our next largest region in the West, units were down or number of homes were down 15%, but our total value was up by 12%. So there, that's reflective of significant pricing increases in the West. And I would say in general, we probably have more of our communities where we are pacing our rate of sales to our construction pace in our West region than in other places.
Bill W. Wheat: We would expect it to continue to be up. I think the rate of increase, we're at 17% this quarter. I don't know that the rate of increase will continue that high on a year-over-year basis, but we do expect it to continue to be up on a year-over-year basis, at least for the next couple of quarters.
Bill W. Wheat: Joel, it's been declining as our overall leverage has remained lower. It's probably at pretty close to its low point as we're now capitalizing all of our interest. We're not directly expensing any now. I think our capitalized interest in inventory will rise a bit, a little bit closer to our historic levels and then the level of amortized through cost of sales could increase slightly as well. I don't expect any dramatic shifts though from here.
Bill W. Wheat: In recent quarters, our community count has been up 15% to 20% in that range, which is pretty significant. By and large, I would expect over the next couple of quarters for the communities to come online reflective of our land spend in fiscal '12 and '13. Our land spend in more recent quarters has moderated a bit from those levels. I would expect community count to continue to increase of the same pace, although we expect it to continue to increase certainly. In terms of our margin expectations on our new communities, that's one of the areas that we have very, very strong expectations. We feel very good about the investments that we've made in fiscal '12 and early '13. We certainly set strong margin hurdles for those projects, and we've seen market improvement on -- in general since we made those purchases. So our expectations is the margins should come in very good there, which hopefully can provide some lift to our margins. Or if we see some softening in the market and perhaps incentives rise or anything like that, that provides us some cushion and some flexibility to hopefully allow us to keep or maintain our margins up in the level where we are today.
Bill W. Wheat: First thing to point out, Steven, is that if you're looking at sequential growth from Q3 to Q4, as we talked about last quarter, in Q3, our SG&A benefited by 40 basis points as a percentage of revenue due simply to changes in our compensation accruals due to our stock price decrease last quarter. So the sequential change is affected by that 40-basis point benefit last quarter. And when we look at it exclusive of that, the change in the quarter is more closely in our historical trends.
Bill W. Wheat: Land sale revs were $15.8 million for the quarter, $61.1 million for the year. And margin in the quarter was 23.4% on those land sales and 16.7% for the year.
Bill W. Wheat: Regent backlog units were 231 units in backlog -- 213 units in backlog and a $31.1 million sales value. We acquired 240 homes in inventory and 300 lots. We also assumed control of another 600 lots in the process.
Bill W. Wheat: We're always looking at all transactions that we see coming across. And I would say that we had seen a bit of an uptick lately with the folks exploring their alternatives, people that have been through a few cycles. And maybe they're trying to time the top of the market and maybe they're looking at the market cycle. Whatever's driving it, we are seeing more deal flow.
Bill W. Wheat: Around 37%, could fluctuate a little bit either side of that, but around 37% is our current expectation.
Bill W. Wheat: It's not significant. We're talking in terms of no more than a 2- or 3-week difference really over the last 12 to 18 months. Still, the vast majority of our homes are constructed in the same range they always have, but within the ranges they have shifted no more than 2 or 3 weeks. But that's enough to move the needle a little bit for us.
Bill W. Wheat: Right. These runoffs reflect after we've gone through every other possibility, whether it's delaying the takes, reducing the takes, suggesting the price, all of those things. We explore all of those things before we determine that we're not going to move forward.
Bill W. Wheat: We've seen a little bit of that in the past. But I believe it was more driven by just the general adjustment that potential homebuyers were going through. We saw a little bit of that towards the end of Q3 and then that continued on into Q4. We didn't necessarily comment on it because one month is a little difficult to measure in terms of can rates. But we did see our can rate come back down a bit in the month of October when we saw a little bit better sales.
Bill W. Wheat: That acquisition occurred, in the first week of October, it closed. And they closed probably about 400 homes in the 12 months leading up to that.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, we have been seeing some of that activity in the valuation allowance and other -- there's other tax adjustments that occur in the fourth quarter. We'll have full disclosure around all of our tax balances, DTA valuation allowances and everything in our 10-K. I don't have all those details here in front of me today, but we'll have all those in our 10-K that we'll file here in a week or so.
