DavidAuld: Well, on the starts outlook, we have a plan. And our plan is to consistently be out there community by community, increasing production over time. If you look at our quarterly run rate, we're in that 20,000 to 23,000 starts each quarter. That was the plan for this year. Our plan is to take that out next year. And we position land, lots people to affect that plan. So demand out there is just unlike anything I've ever seen. And I think our focus is on how to meet that demand in the most efficient manner. And injecting a homeowner into the process sooner rather than later, impacts the our ability to get the house and built an extent that time and it makes it harder for our trades and our superintendent, I can tell you is through our history, to have somebody walk into our models and to tell them we don't have a house for you to buy today is something that is foreign to us and as difficult as anything I've ever seen on sales people. It is a tough environment to be in a sales office today. And I talk -- in our travels, I talk to our people we're going to provide a home for everybody walking in. We just need to keep on patient and understand their frustration. But that's just again; it's a market I've never seen. Demand is just unbelievable today. I can't remember the rest of the question.
DavidAuld: We are continuing to put things in place to expand our production capability, we've increased the pay size of our lot deliveries, because we see, in my history, if a buyer walked into a model, and you hadn't figured out how to get them under contract, in a week, 10 days, they had bought somewhere else. I got an email this month, from a buyer who has been in our models at every release for the last year and hasn't been able to buy a house. And he's still waiting. I mean, you can multiply that 1000s and 1000s of times across the country, with multiple builders out there. We did not restrict sales, as soon as the general market did, and which just geometrically increased our demand. And it's just -- it again, we're all managing through a market that none of us have ever seen. And probably the difference in this cycle, than the prior super demand cycle that I was a part of, is the builders are disciplined this cycle. We're all focused on capital efficiency; we're all focused on improving returns. And it's, I think it's going to expand the cycle again. And, again, we're in un-chartered waters from a demand aspect right now.
DavidAuld: I think what we can control, we are controlling, Carl, we can control the number of lots that we push into the pace; we can control communication with our trade partners, and make sure they understand the levels and timing of what we're pushing out. In our staffing levels generally that's been the least of the problems, because it's absorption for community. So you have to add support and communities. But it's just a very efficient process. So it really just has to do with field operations, as far as driving that capacity and aggregating and consolidating trade base within those sub markets, which is a process that we go through every day. I mean, we did start almost 95,000 homes, in trailing 12 months. And that's I don't think anybody else has ever done that. And it's a result of scale, and just incredibly hard work being done out in the field.
DavidAuld: I think today we're seeing very little price pushback. It's -- I don't know that you could ever know that you could impact demand the price today. So, go ahead.
DavidAuld: When you move release date on a particular house, from slab to frame to windows install, I mean that is an extended period of time right now. And so reading demand, or any significant change in this quarter adjustment, as we have pushed out that release date, to me is just not indicative of what is out there in the market. We really are trying to improve the experience of the homebuyer. And when we give somebody a date to close, we intend to keep because their whole life revolves around them. And as the certainty close date was impacted by windows insulation, anything and everything that appliances that was taking place through the last six months, it just became obvious to us that we need to be more restricted in what we've done, trust me. It is soul crushing to ourselves people to have somebody walk out and ready willing able to buy. And we tell that we have houses that will become available in 30 to 45 days. And we'll be glad to call you, what is different to me this market cycle than any other than I've ever been a part of. Is it 30 or 45 days later, you call that person and yes, they're still trying to buy a house. So it's a tough market -- environment.
DavidAuld: Well, we have decreased our square footage and you will probably continue to see that take place. We are reducing the number of two storey homes that we offer in communities. I mean my offer I mean, we have a production model, we're detailing or we're picking the houses we're going to build and the lay schedule that we're going set up with the market with. So it again, we are very sensitive to price point, we are very sensitive to the FHA loan limits. That to us is a risk mitigator, because that's where the vast majority of buyers are. And if we service so, I trust my core, we're monitoring, and we're tracking it. And we do believe that as our production capabilities continue to improve, and increase, and we consolidate labor and in these markets that we will continue to be able to offer affordable homes. If rates tick up and yes, more pressure on price. But we will meet that challenge when it comes.
DavidAuld: I think what we're looking for is to get a level of inventory in front of the buyers, typically, this time of year, we'd be sitting on 40%- 45% specs, the day, the only specs, we have are at our houses, we haven't released to the market. So again, it's -- we're trying to grab efficiency in the process. And by controlling when that house is sold, it does help both meet customer expectation, and it also eliminates a lot of frustration on the building side where a buyer is coming out. And they have been told; maybe they bought a house in January. And they've been told they will be moving into June and the house is ready to move into. So they're out there every day, monitoring the progress of their house against the progress of every other home in the community. And it just adds the level of difficulty that to be honest with you right now today.  We don't want and we don't need it. Somebody gets frustrated in the middle process; they stay frustrated for a very long time very hard to meet the expectation once they get upset. So by limiting that by pushing the maturity of our inventory further down the process before we inject a buyer into it. We're trying to take some of the pressure off our trades and our builders. And what does that process take place? I will tell you, in some divisions, it started in January, and then it would other divisions in February. And really by April in April, 1st of May it took hold in some of our very large divisions in the state of Texas and it just got to the point where we were spending more time on it or we were spending a significant amount of time dealing with the customers frustration on this closed state of their house at the expense of other things we could be doing that would drive future efficiency and production capability. So again it's -- it was a process that took place over multiple months, beginning in one division and ending really ending in Texas.  So Don Horton said many times, never thought he'd see a day when he couldn't build every house he could sell in the state of Texas. I can tell you today there are not enough lots or trade capacity to meet demand in the state of Texas; I don't care if you're Don Horton, or any of the other public builders out there. It's very difficult to get a house build today. We're doing a better job than anybody else. And we're going to get better at what we're doing. But it's -- there is a tremendous amount of demand out there.
DavidAuld: And again, so we're focused on the lower end of the price scale. And I can assure you if we -- even if we look at the other public builders out there, their price points are higher, and any slowdown in the market, at least in my opinion, is going to be driven by the house payment. And it does not feel like that is anything on horizon right now.
DavidAuld: These third party developers are our trade partners of ours. I mean, we work with these guys' day in and day out. We've been working with them day in day out for multiple years now. We know these guys, we know their capabilities. And if one of them gets in trouble. I mean, we step in and help. And we've done that a couple of times this year, where a local guy got out over skis, and we had to step in and bring the lots to market and that's, so it's -- we talked about the flexibility of our capital structure on our balance sheet and liquidity that we maintain. That's why we do this. And then we got the added benefit of a very close relationship with Forestar, who has been, they have done an exceptional job of building out their platform over the last five years. And they have really good people controlling the operations and developments of these lots and we are their biggest customer. And so we, I was thinking about that this morning, when you look at the embedded lot counts that we own and control and our ability to actually have a production plan to drive a set number of starts every week in every market on a consistent and growing basis. That is just in today's world that is an incredible competitive advantage. And it allows us to communicate with our trades. So that they know what we're going to start. Our, the vast majority of our key trade partners know our start base in October, November, December, and January. And that's when we're going to start down. And they are aligned with our vision of what we're trying to accomplish. And, I mean, they spent a lot of work into this position. But there's never been a platform in this industry that has anything like what D.R. Horton platform is today. And we're very proud of that. And we'd like we're going to deliver outstanding results as a result of it.
DavidAuld: That's a valid concern is something that we monitor, and whether we own a lot, or we're buying an option. We have people in other divisions working with on every community to make sure those lots get delivered.
DavidAuld: Again, if we -- if -- I don't know how you define seasonality that is based upon the number of houses you start, and when you release them for sale. We're building that process program to improve that, I think you're going to see our sales track our inventory of releases. And as we release more houses from selling houses.
DavidAuld: Again, it goes back to scale within these markets. I mean, we're a very important customer to do just about every material supplier in those markets. So Mike's right, it is about relationships, but it's about future relationships, as well. So is it going to be difficult path, yes, it is going to be difficult, because they're saying no to somebody, we just don't want them to be saying no to us. 
DavidAuld: Certainly haven't seen any incentive ticking up. And we have used the fund to invest in certain communities and where we have a very limited lot supply. But that's not a giant component of what we're seeing on sales price or margin. Certainly it's impactful, and it's certainly happening in our extended longer communities, especially at the price points we have, we're offering in the entry level we don't like that. I personally don't like that process. Because in '05, '06 there was a false demand by people running around putting houses under contract, because they never intended to close, I don't want our operators to have a false expectation about the pricing that's achievable in the market, by having a guy from California bid on my house and stuff, work on again Texas, and then all of a sudden, every house is worth what a guy transferring in from California is willing to pay. We're trying to stay very close to these markets. And our goal is to sell everybody walks into our house and into our model for home. And we're not there right now, but we're certainly going to get there. 
JessicaHansen: And Steve, in terms of just specifically restricting sales, those decisions are going to continue to be made on a community by community basis. So where we can get the start accelerated is where we'll open up for more sales more quickly.
JessicaHansen: Yes, and in terms of mix, Steve, I mean, our sales orders are a good indicator of our forward closing price. But it doesn't typically flow through directly like that. So we wouldn't expect our closing price next quarter to be at the same magnitude or equivalent to our sales orders. But we haven't seen a whole lot of mix. So I mean, we are seeing and you can see it flowing through on our closings in our gross margin, a lot of like for like price improvement. 
JessicaHansen: Still very focused on affordability, Carl, even with increases in our ASP is still significantly lower than the rest of the public builders by and large. And that's a focus that we don't want to lose. We do want to maintain affordability and we've seen the credit profile of our buyers continue to keep pace with where ASPs have gone and so really even when we do stress tests on our backlog, it looks like our buyers are in very good shape even in spite of the price increases we've seen in the market.
JessicaHansen: And so many of our communities have wait lists or interest lists that far exceed even what we have under construction, which is why you continue to hear us answer every single question so far, that the demand is still there. And the demand is extremely robust. And this was an internal decision that was based on our production capacity and taking care of our homeowners and homebuyers.
JessicaHansen: We really haven't seen a change in our mix across our brands, which would be our best indicator as an entry level versus move up. And really, even if we look at the credit profile across all of our brands, we really saw, we've seen this year an improvement in FIFO score, a slight reduction in debt to income, even with a higher average loan amount as a result of the higher average sales prices that we're experiencing. So no, I don't -- I wouldn't attribute it to that. I mean, we still have almost 55% to 60% of our buyers are first time buyers.
JessicaHansen: It's going to be a different answer community by community. And usually, our first read Alan is on the existing home side. So our local guys are very in tune with what's going on with both existing home inventory and other public builders in their market. And as always we can adjust our search schedule up or down based on market conditions. So if what you're saying were to come true, and there start to be signs of some sort of increased supply in the market, that the demand is not going to be there for which right now feels like we are a long ways away from, we would be able to adjust our starts accordingly community by community where we saw those signs, like we always do to make sure we don't end up with an excess supply of completed specs. But with 500 completed homes across the country today, we're just so far from having that conversation on a national level. But those are things that our local operators certainly pay attention to, all the time when they're looking at their business plan and what they're going to do going forward, our plan would be to continue to consolidate market share, regardless of market conditions. And we believe we're going to continue to be the best position to do that, kind of regardless of what the demand profile looks like in future periods.
JessicaHansen: And just for reference our control lot position. So in addition to what we own is up 78% from a year ago, so we have got the lots in front of us and feel very comfortable about our lot position not being the hindrance to our ability to grow. It's actually what supported us being able to grow like we have, and to continue to do so in the future.
JessicaHansen: Nothing on -- nothing to point out on the cancellation rate. I mean, that's still at a historical low. Typically, we're very comfortable and are normalized ranges in the low 20s versus the 17 I think that we mentioned today, so it's the nothing of note there. To the first question, seasonality, yes.
JessicaHansen: Truman, it really is a little bit of everything you mentioned, but it's nothing new. It's all things, as Mike said earlier on we've been working through this entire time. So if we didn't feel confident in the double digit and the ability to continue to manage through those, and ramp up our production to more adequately meet the demand that's in the market, we wouldn't be saying that here in July. But there are constraints. And we wouldn't say any one thing, it's everything you outlined. And it varies by market, essentially, on a daily basis, what the constraint is, but our operators are doing a fantastic job of navigating through that.
JessicaHansen: And I know that's a relatively high level comment today. We're sitting in July; we haven't finished our fiscal year. So we would expect in November to give more specific guidance, in addition to just the double digit closing target.
MikeMurray: Where we can get the starts accelerated as well as getting better certainty to production timelines. The worst thing we want to do is put a homeowner -- homebuyer into the backlog, and then not be able to deliver our commitment to them as to when their home's going to be ready. It's very disruptive. We want them to have a great experience and be very happy with their house when they move into it. So as we've worked through a lot of the supply chain disruptions, we've adopted some of our processes, sharing more information earlier in the process with our trade partners, helping us with longer lead times, that's helping to work through some of the supply chain issues. We're hopeful that those things are resolving as we work them through but for the fourth quarter, I can foresee us continuing to restrict sales, again, the decision made community by community based upon current local conditions. But those restrictions will likely remain in place in the fourth quarter.
MikeMurray: Steve, I'll take that, the lumber cost. I don't think we saw peak lumber costs coming through in our June quarter closings. I'm expecting to your word gyrating was a good word for the lumber market, seeing the higher lumber costs coming through in our September quarter deliveries and early into our fourth quarter deliveries and I'm very confident that the order price trends that we've seen have more than offset that lumber cost. And we've been able to absorb that well, into margins that we'll see in our fourth quarter deliveries.
MikeMurray: Our restriction on sales is not being driven by and large buy, just let's just increase pricing until people stop buying. We are not releasing homes for sale until we're through a certain stage in the production process, which varies by community. But it's not just using price to adjust the pace that we're going. We're actually not releasing the homes for sale. When the homes do get released for sale, we're seeing very quick absorption of those particular homes by buyers that are waiting to buy homes and to go under contract and then take delivery of the homes. 
MikeMurray: Sure, thanks. Thanks, Deepak. We have commented and guided to a slightly off gross margin into our Q4, and to our September quarter of 26% to 26.3%. And based on what we can see today in our backlog with the pricing that has already been taken in our sales orders over the last quarter or two, we believe we're in position certainly to maintain or slightly see increases in our gross margin over the next quarter or two in excess of the cost increases that we're seeing come through. So in the short run, the next quarter or two, we do expect stability or maybe a slight upside to our current gross margin. Obviously, beyond that, we don't have as much visibility, but clearly, we feel like we have good stability in our margins for the near term.
MikeMurray: So on the supply chain, if anything was construed as there were new constraints, I don't want to imply that there were any new constraints. I think we referenced last quarter that the supply chain challenges have been a bit of a whack a mole, and that one pops up and the teams jump on it, and work with the suppliers in that particular category to solve those issues. One of the things we have done is adjusted internally with a lot of our lead time, how far in advance of actual production start that we're communicating with the supply chain partners to make sure that product is available for us. But I could not point to any one particular item as new or incredibly acute right now. There's just a series of issues that we solve every day in the business. That's part of what we do. It's how we've delivered over 20,000 homes this last quarter.
MikeMurray: A goal means to have our customers in backlog for a shorter period of time, the time from when they sign the contract, we deliver the home, we're consciously trying to compress that timeframe, to give them more certainty in the process, and give us more control of when we deliver the home to them. 
MikeMurray: Matt, we can look across and see the stage of construction our unsold homes are at, and by and large, they are at early stages of construction, and likely not available or released for sale. So and we're not writing sales contracts, by and large for pre sales, breathing, we haven't started yet and generally reaching a more mature stage of construction. So we can deliver with certainty, a closing date to that buyer at the time we signed the contract with them.
MikeMurray: A very large number of unsatisfied buyers out there, people that want to buy a home that have not been able to buy a home because they could not get a home. And we look at the existing home inventory levels that are available and given marketplaces. They're just not there. And so the quick moving homes, the specs we had that were completed last year, obviously they were absorbed very quickly into the marketplace, we've restricted the sale of a lot of our homes, to give better certainty to that homebuyer in the process of their delivery date. And with in a rising price environment when we're restricting the sale, they were able to price to market at the time we signed the contract, which is then closer to the delivery date.
MikeMurray: I don't think if you look at what we have available for sale today, what we've started and what we plan to start, I don't believe that's going to satisfy the demand that we're seeing in our sales offices today. And I don't believe any of the other builders have near the amount of inventory coming at them and starts coming at them that we do. So I just don't see that in the new home builders being able to push a lot of inventory into the marketplace available for sale in any kind of a short to medium term horizon, that's going to dent significantly this demand. That's why Jessica said, we watch at a local level what's happening in the existing home market.
MikeMurray: And sales historically has been a very good indicator of demand in the marketplace, as we've had a broad range of homes in various production stages available for sale and pre sales available. And that would be a good indicator of demand in the marketplace. Today, it's our supply of homes, is indicating what we're going to be able to sell and deliver and with almost 50,000 homes in production. And the starts we've had over the past 12 months. We're in a great place to continue to deliver double digit growth in our deliveries. We feel really good about fiscal '22.
MikeMurray: Our goal as we focus on gaining market share, consolidate market share we would expect over the longer term our community account to continue to grow, obviously today with the strong demand, but there's some communities where we have sold out sooner and so you see some quarterly fluctuation in that. But over the longer term, we'd expect the trend to be for community accounts to continue to grow at a modest pace at a low to mid single digit pace over the longer term.
MikeMurray: But the positioning, we can see in our inventory, our inventory did increase by about 1,000 units this quarter, up 44% year-over-year, on a trailing 12 months basis, we've started 94,500 homes, that in and of itself is double digit growth over what our plan deliveries are this year. So we're already in position to deliver double digit, and working to improve on that and expand on that as we move into '22. We feel like we're in great position to do that. There'll be challenges. There'll be unknown challenges that we haven't dealt with yet. But we're confident in our teams and our ability to continue to maintain the current pace and incrementally improve on it as we move into '22 on our starts.
MikeMurray: We have relationships with our suppliers. I mean, no matter what the contract says, you're going to get what with they're going to give you and they're going to deliver who they want to deliver to. And so we work very hard to be a good trade partner, with our suppliers in both materials and labor, and making sure they understand what our production plans are. And our commitment is to them. And they've made the commitment to us. 
MikeMurray: I think from, looking at what macro storm clouds might be the things that might happen in the next six months or a year that we never anticipated, like a worldwide pandemic that we didn't anticipate two years ago. There are certainly things like that that can happen that could impact the business. Rising interest rates always are a significant cost input into the value of the homes and the monthly payment. And we monitor obviously that very closely and looking at affordability. I think Jessica touched on it before with two points in the stress testing we did the backlog, that the backlog can withstand some interest rate upward movement right now. In addition, the DTI, the debt-to-income levels we're seeing in our borrowers this most recent quarter, actually taking down a little bit despite the average loan size going up.  So the credit qualities of our buyers are good. Looking at our for sale communities, the vast majority of the buyers of those homes are owner occupied homes. We don't have any institutional relational outtake programs and out for sale communities. Our institutional focus would be on the build direct communities which are separate and apart from the for sale side of our business. It's hard to know all the things that may change in the future, Kenn. But one thing we do focus on and have focused on for many years is maintaining a very strong, flexible balance sheet as you said, where we have great low leverage strong equity capitalization, and very good liquidity that allows us to take advantage of the market conditions as they change and continue to consolidate market share, especially at a local level where we can turn that local market share leverage into outperformance. 
