Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Tom and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Before we get started, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's Annual report on Form 10-K and its most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q early next week. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to Paul Romanowski, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah, great question, John. We did go into the quarter with a significant number of completed specs. So we actually sold and closed intra-quarter 54% of our houses. And so that is a very high percentage for us. A typical range would be about 35% to 40% of our homes would be sold and closed within the same quarter. So we still have over 7,000 completed specs. So I do think you'll see that intra-quarter activity stay higher than our historical norms. It may not be at the 54% we saw this quarter. But that did allow for probably a little bit of pull forward of demand, and it gave us the confidence to up the low end of our range by the full 2,000 units that we beat, and then the high end of our range by just 1,000. And we're now back to normal, if not better than our historical inventory turns in terms of what we're guiding to at the high end, it'd be a roughly 2.2 times turn. So feel very good about the ability to take that range up, but don't think there is necessarily an opportunity for the same scale of beat next quarter.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Steve. We've been up a double-digit percentage on a year-over-year basis for community count now for several quarters. So we've probably got at least another quarter or so until we've cycled and anniversaried that and would expect the growth to moderate a bit. But as we look at our overall lot position and our positioning for the future to continue to drive growth, we have shifted to a lot of that coming from community count rather than just continuing to have to drive more absorption out of each and every community. So I do think you'll continue to see our community count grow. It just probably won't continue to be at the double-digit percentage year-over-year increase here in a quarter or two.
Jessica Hansen: And so with our gross margin currently over 23% and very solid, it would take a pretty big disruption in the market for you to see us have a broad-based across the board pullback in starts. As Mike alluded to, it's going to be just driven on a community-by-community basis like it always is based on our finished lot position and what makes the most sense to maximize returns at that individual community level. So as we see right now, without another big shock or any sort of big shock to the system or a more significant move in rates, I think we would expect our starts to be pretty consistent through the remainder of the year.
Jessica Hansen: I think right now, Mike, with the number of homes that we're selling and closing intra-quarter, you're seeing a pretty good real-time average gross margin. And so unlike a lot of other builders, I think you'll see more real-time market conditions show up in our results faster. Hard to say split in hairs between Q3 and Q4, but we were really pleased with where our gross margin came in this quarter. And we actually did see an increase in the number of buyers sequentially that we're able to utilize a mortgage rate buy-down. And in spite of that, we had a slight tick-up in our gross margin. So without giving specific guidance for the remainder of the year because it is going to be dependent on the interest rate environment, it feels pretty good to us right now. Our costs outside of incentives have generally flattened out on the stick and brick side. We're still having some categories go up where we have pressure, but we've had some success getting categories to go down. We obviously do still have some lot cost inflation we would expect to continue to need to be able to offset. So when we think about really predominantly the next two quarters, it is going to be incentive as the wildcard, and it's going to be dependent solely on market conditions.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah, so a little bit of it was just core inclusive of just a very modest pickup on the incentive front in terms of the forward commitments and the interest rate buydown because you'll see when we put out our supplemental guidance, that kind of core margins up about 20 basis points. And then we also had a little bit less of an impact on warranty and litigation this quarter. Those are the two kind of biggest pieces of why there was a sequential increase.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah, it continues to be primarily geographic when you look at our price points. The South Central and the Southeast, which are two of our lower price point markets in terms of average sales price has been a slightly lower percentage of our mix for a couple of quarters now and that continued this quarter.
Jessica Hansen: No, I mean, we really think about it, Mike, as last quarter was somewhat of an anomaly. We're not going to say one-time. I mean, it could happen again, but it was highly unusual in terms of the rate move going up and down so quickly and the timing in which that happened and then a move close to quarter end. And so this quarter when we say minimal impact, I mean, we've talked about outside of Q1, it's been no more than a plus or minus 10 basis point move from a gross margin perspective. And so, hopefully, that will be the case going forward as well, and you won't see a repeat of what happened in Q1.
Jessica Hansen: I'll start with lumber and then I'll leave that up and down on other categories to Paul and Mike, they're probably better or worse than I am. Lumber is still less than half what it was at its peak back in March of '22, but it has started to increase since December, which would be kind of a typical seasonal trend. So hopefully, we're not going to be talking about lumber in terms of big swings in our closings. And most of our year-over-year stick and brick decline is still from lumber, but in terms of sequential moves going forward, we expect it to be relatively modest.
Jessica Hansen: I frankly don't think any of us looked at that before the call, but we can take a look and get back to you. It was 54% versus the 52%, just to clarify. And the driver on that was just a function of we went into the quarter with over 9,000 completed specs and our cycle times are back to normal.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah. I wouldn't say, Jay, that it has anything to do with us trying to push more pace during COVID, it's all tied to our lot position. And so we've been building our lot position up, but not all of those lots were ready to go. And so we knew the communities were coming. And obviously, the market was extremely hot for a period of time. So we were able to drive additional absorption where we had the lots available. We don't have that same kind of strong demand, less affordability challenged environment today. And at the same time, our lots are getting finished and the communities are ready to go. So we're bringing them online and it happens to be good timing that we have the communities ready to go when we're not able to drive incremental absorption further in our existing communities.
Jessica Hansen: That's going to be an ongoing plan and goal and positioning. And I'd say just watch our lot position and ultimately, the communities are going to come online over time. Now from year-to-year, what exactly is that community count growth going to look like. It's impossible for us to predict.
Paul Romanowski: In closing, our results and position reflect our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings. All of these are key components of our operating platform that sustain our ability to produce consistent returns, growth and cash flow, while continuing to aggregate market share. We will maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton family of employees, land developers, trade partners, vendors and real estate agents for your continued focus and hard work. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
Paul Romanowski: You know, Carl, Florida still feels good to us. There certainly has been a lot of news tied to the rise in insurance rates and for most of where we sell our homes are off the coast and building new construction allows for some stability in those insurance rates. So haven't seen a significant an increase for the homes in the communities where we sell as you may see reported along the coastal and high wind zones. Still seeing good in migration and good job growth throughout the Florida market. So we feel pretty good about the Florida market and especially about our positioning at the more affordable price points across the Florida Peninsula.
Paul Romanowski: I think there's two big factors that drive into our push into the rental business. One is, we're a better buyer of land, a better user of land and that we're able to convert more of the land to its ultimate final use. So we're a better counterparty to a lot of sellers as we can deal with the build for rent and multi-family component as well as the residential for sale. That gives us some economies in the purchase of the land and efficiencies in the entitlement process. Certainly within the vertical cost structure, we've probably seen more ability to influence cost on the traditional multi-family side coming over from our homebuilding operations because we're much bigger buyers of parts and pieces that go into the structures than a traditional multi-family developers.
Paul Romanowski: We expect to continue to meet the market and we continue to stay focused on incentives that drive that activity and interest rate buydowns has been a big portion of what we have done. We tend to move with the market. So as you've seen that increase in market rates, we will move up the rate buy downs to be about a point to a point and a half below market. But we do expect incentives to remain near their elevated levels today, especially with the rate instability and stickiness up in that 7% range today.
Paul Romanowski: I think we're going to manage the starts space at a community-by-community level based upon what we're seeing with buyers in the market and how they're responding to the current interest rate environment and mix of incentives that we're offering. Traditionally, we've had a limiter for the past several periods on lot supply in terms of what we could actually start. So as we're seeing our lots get developed and get brought online, we're able to bring good production starts into the market. I think we started just under 25,000 homes in the quarter. And we probably expect that to continue into the June quarter as if we see continued absorptions and sales.
Paul Romanowski: No, we've seen a pretty, pretty solid level of qualified buyer. Our average FICO store this last quarter was still at 725. And with the low level of inventory and available homes to purchase out there, you know, we still see strong buyer demographic and demand and we've remained pretty consistent. We have seen fluctuation in rates, but they've really not been significant enough to have any meaningful impact on our backlog and people's ability to qualify.
Paul Romanowski: Currently, we're not doing anything significantly different. We're responding to the rates and the customers that are in front of us at the time. And they are reacting very positively to the incentive offerings that our teams have crafted for the various neighbourhoods we have out there. So no, we're not seeing anything with the current range -- range of rates we've been dealing with right now. We feel like it's sort of -- I won't say business as usual in this crazy volatile world we're in. But right now, we feel pretty steady, pretty good about where things are.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, Sam, we're pleased to be back at what we deem our historical norm, and you bring up a good point, we are building a more efficient house and it's been an extreme focus of us to try and pull labor and man hours out-of-the home to reach affordable and maintain affordability. We're always going to believe there's upside for improvement in our business. And so we continue to stay focused on our inventory turns and the opportunity to reduce cycle times and be more efficient in the construction process where we can. We're going to continue to strive for that. We're not counting on significant reductions from here. We got back to this place and we'll continue to focus on doing everything we can to drive it down further.
Paul Romanowski: I still think it's a very limited amount of inventory that's available in the marketplace, especially at our price point -- affordable price point. That coupled with some of the interest rate incentives that we're able to offer that for the most part existing home offerings don't provide, we're able to solve the affordability problem a little better than some of the existing home sales would be able to do. But we haven't seen a significant impact on our sales pace to date.
Paul Romanowski: Yeah, Alan, I mean, we think this is going to take some time to play out. You know we work very closely with the brokerage community, and we'll continue to do so regardless of what direction this takes. I think you are going to see some restructuring, certainly in terms of commissions and it will have some impact, I believe, on the number of realtors that stay active through the market. But we are going to continue to stay close to the realtor community, communicate with them. This is still an emotional buy for people. And we're also going to stay focused on our digital presence and ability to make sure that we are ahead of the curve in terms of reaching customers through whatever form it takes over the next couple of years.
Paul Romanowski: You know, it's really a matter of communities, community size and timing of those closings and we're going to be selective through the process, but we have projects that are done and we're going to go ahead and monetize those and put them into the market. Not seeing the margins where we would like to see them, but that's relative, that's just tied to cap rates and interest rates. But no real significant shift that we're going to see in terms of up or down and it's going to be a little lumpy as we look through the quarters because we're selling whole communities at a time. It's not one at a time.
Paul Romanowski: Well, the question and the comment back on Florida was mostly as it relates to insurance and increased costs around that. Inventories, we have certainly seen more inventory in the market today on the resale side than we have in the past. Months of supply has crept up slowly across most of our markets, but majority of what we see coming to the market is still maybe either overpriced or has significant need and work and very minimal in the affordable price points where we tend to compete. So we expect it's going to take significantly more homes to come on before we see to be a lot of impact on our ability to sell. But we've competed in that market forever. We have been a spec builder. We do that to compete in the new-home market as much as we do against the resale market. Feel very good about our product and positioning against the homes that come to market as resale available when they do. And we think we have a great package of incentives, warranty and closing cost basis to compete against that inventory when it does come on and it will at some point in the future.
Paul Romanowski: Yeah, Rafe, in our forward guide, we've got relative stability right now in materials and labor. So but we are still seeing some components go up slightly. So I think a very low single-digit percentage increase is generally the expectation there and our lot costs are a little bit higher than that, still low single-digits, but probably more in that 3% to 4% range. And in terms of just new land, that's deal by deal specific, market by market specific. I think in general, we've seen land prices kind of settle out here over the last little while, not as much inflation, but the long-term trend is still up over time. This industry still has a shortage of lot availability. And so I think that's going to continue to be a constrained situation. And so in that situation, we would not expect to see land prices come down.
Paul Romanowski: Hey, Alex, we haven't seen much reduction in land development costs either from materials or labor. You know, we still have significant demand out there for the labor and those that are putting lots in the ground, not just in what we're doing and other builders are doing, but you have infrastructure improvements throughout the country that are keeping demand up for materials and labor. So that's kind of baked into what we look at in terms of our increase in lot price over time. So we don't -- we'd love to see some reduction, but we don't expect to see it in the near term.
Paul Romanowski: Thank you, Tom. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look-forward to speaking with you again to share our third quarter results in July. Congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton family on producing a solid second quarter. We are proud to represent you on this call and appreciate all that you do.
Bill Wheat: Sure, Steve. On our cash flow guide, we have been guiding to homebuilding cash flow because that has been the primary generator of cash for us over the last couple of years. And we have invested portions of that into the rental operation as well, which feeds to the consolidated cash flow from ops. So there is some offset versus the homebuilding cash flow this year. We're guiding to around $3 billion of homebuilding cash flow. I would expect in the $800 million to $1 billion range, probably offsets that for the full year this year on consolidated. But we do expect that gap to start narrowing in future years as the growth ramp of our rental platform starts to moderate. And so we would expect going forward, our consolidated cash flow and our homebuilding cash flow to be much nearer to the same number beyond fiscal '24. So with the rental platform asset growth moderating, we're at 3.1 today. We do still expect to see that grow a bit further this year and will grow slightly next year, primarily from the multi-family platform. Our multi-family platform continues to grow and we're building out a more elevated level of starts over the last couple of years. But that will probably late '25 start to moderate as well. And so we do see prospects for the cash flow on a consolidated basis to be increasing consistently from here into '24 and into '25.
Bill Wheat: Sure, Mike. We did see at the end of our first fiscal quarter in December, we saw I'd say better than normal seasonality in terms of sales demand and that continued on into January. When we had our call in January, we were still seeing, I'd say, probably a little bit better than normal seasonality into January. And then as we've talked many times, anytime you see a lot of volatility in rates, there is always an adjustment period for buyers. And so we saw more volatility in rates in February and March. And so we saw some intermittent periods where buyers were having to adjust, which does affect weekly sales pace. But then as we look up like over the last six weeks or so, we've seen that stabilize and are seeing a very good sales pace in line with our overall plans and very pleased that, that's position us to increase our guide for the year. Going forward, as Jessica has said a couple of times already, going forward, it's going to be subject to the rate -- what happens in the market with rates, and we're -- in the last week, we've seen another period of volatility. So I think we'll continue to see that the market adjust and we'll adjust to it as the rate environment changes.
Bill Wheat: I think, again, based on the fact that we are selling more than 50% of our homes intra-quarter, we'll see how that plays out as we look at the next in the third quarter and the fourth. But we move our rates along with the market. And so really it becomes a question of absorption and pace. We're going to continue to manage pace and margin to the returns that we want. And if we need to press a little more on the incentives to keep that pace consistent, we'll do so. But we move our rates along with the market. So it doesn't necessarily mean we're seeing significant cost. In the level of those buydowns, it really just starts to stress the buyer when they climb up into the 7% and if they go to the 8% range, then we'll see a little more challenge in getting buyers qualified. And if it goes that high, I would expect to see our incentives increase to keep our pace.
Bill Wheat: Yeah, I think our expectation is we'll continue to see moderate increases, I think that low single-digit percentage continuing is in our current, what we can see in our current pipeline.
Bill Wheat: So, I think we continue to look for ways to be more efficient and more capital-efficient in our lot portfolio. 77% is a very controlled number position right now and we're looking at 62% of our deliveries were on lots that were actually developed by third-parties or Forestar. So, we're continuing to expand those relationships and seek opportunities to buy more lots from third-parties. I'm not going to put a ceiling on to how far we can take that, but we've made a lot of progress. And when you've had a lot of success, incremental success takes a lot more work, but that's what we do every day.
Bill Wheat: Yeah, sure. So we're continually trying to position ourselves to -- across our footprint to be in position to grow. And as we've gotten larger and have more scale in individual markets, that has involved realigning certain divisions, you're breaking up certain markets into multiple divisions to put ourselves in a position to more deeply penetrate market share in those markets. And the same has applied across our infrastructure across the country as well. And so we're making some of those investments right now and we do see pretty quick payback on that. So that's why our SG&A percentage has remained as low as it has, but we are making those investments that sometimes do have to come a little bit ahead of the growth. But it's primarily in people and in making sure we've got the depth on our teams and we've got the land personnel in various markets in order to be able to tie-up the land positions and develop those relationships with third-party developers and trades to continue to position our platform to support growth.
Bill Wheat: We generally don't go out too terribly far in terms of the volume of forward commitments that we go with. We have various levels based upon anticipated demand of how much we'll buy for a given expiration date, which can vary from 60 days to 90 days out. But we're not going to look to fulfill all of our existing sales expectations with any one given a hedge or any one given build or forward and we'll continually sort of reprice to market so that we're offering incentives that are within as Paul said before, I think a point to a point and a half of market when that is the incentive that we feel is the most effective at driving appropriate pace and margin for the returns at a given community.
Bill Wheat: It's going to be largely rate dependent in the capital markets as to the execution on those. I think at this point, our expectation is that it's going to be somewhat consistent with where we are today, but there is opportunity for some volatility around that too, especially within quarters within one quarter to the next because these are some chunky transactions. There are large individual transactions. And our multi-family platform is not yet to the scale where they're producing a significant number of multi-family communities delivering every quarter to the marketplace. So there's a relatively small number, they can be chunky and there's opportunity for volatility. Our expectation is somewhere in the range we're in today.
Michael Murray: Yeah, I would say we've seen a little bit of a tick up in terms of interest and the number of investors out there in the market. They're still being cautious and rates are where they are and cap rates acting in kind. But I would say that just across the board, we've seen a bit of a tick up and have more interested parties in those assets that we have out for sale today.
Michael Murray: Size per community, not necessarily, but there are large appetites to place dollars at scale into this space.
Michael Murray: Very fair. And I think in terms of the other categories, it's a market-by-market category-by-category, I don't want to say struggle or battle, but it's an ongoing effort to be as efficient as we can do that. And we make some progress on some categories and then we might have to give back some on others. So it's a constant battle, Susan. And we've seen right now, I think some moderation in seeing increases, which has been very helpful in margin right now.
