Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our fourth quarter fiscal 2020 financial results. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, all of which are or will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-K towards the end of next week. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: It's really a combination of both Forestar's growth and our increased relationships with third party developers. They're both driving that percentage higher.
Jessica Hansen: No, I think we've taken a balanced approach across our business, and I did mention that we're first and foremost focused on reinvesting in our homebuilding business, because we see very attractive return opportunities. But the great thing about what we've done with our business model, as you know, Carl, over the past few years, generating over $5 billion of cash flow in the last five years, gives us a lot of opportunity to not only reinvest in the homebuilding business, but also invest in these other opportunities that we also do think will over time be returns accretive as well. Both multifamily, single-family, we look to those as very strong opportunities. We did take a brief pause on some of that earlier in the year, but now that the market has recovered and really the pandemic slowdown didn't last nearly as long as I think anybody would have expected. We're back to investing in both of those businesses as we would have originally expected. I think Mike said in his prepared remarks, we would expect to double our investment in both of those platforms in fiscal 2021 as compared to the end of fiscal 2020. And then M&A, you've heard us talk about, I think, every single quarter. It's something we continue to be interested in. But with our footprint, our platform, our people, we are in a very strong position to where we can organically grow and deliver on our growth expectations, continuing to consolidate share regardless of M&A, so we can be very opportunistic on that front. But we are interested in continuing to explore those opportunities. If we find the right builder, the right team, the right platform, of course, at the right price. But it can be a very great way to enter a new market, as you saw us do this quarter with a relatively small acquisition we did that gave us interest in trend, excuse me, into a new market in Texas and Corpus Christi.
Jessica Hansen: And so a lot of the houses we're starting today are just pre-planned production starts that were how we were going to start anyway. So we don't necessarily think about them as it to-be-built. It's still very efficient. We're just selling into that pace before we've actually started that home. It's not necessarily a pickup and build jobs it takes a little bit more of a build time and offers more customization or option.
Jessica Hansen: And Alan, in spite of extraordinarily increased demand and up sales this quarter, we did see our community count go up, 3% on a year-over-year basis and 2% sequentially, which is really the first time we've seen a meaningful change in our community count. And that's in spite of 80-plus percent increase in sales this quarter. We've been talking for a long time. So all, I think, that comes up on every call, about when is the community count coming, and we've got the lots. And the community is ready to go. And they're going to continue to replenish our community count and bring new communities online, which is going to help us support our continued growth in fiscal 2021.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Mike. So we're not giving specific monthly quarter trends. But we did say back in July, that our July sales were up greater than 50%. Bill mentioned that our October sales are up greater than 50%. And they're not up as high as the fourth quarter as a whole. So you came back into August and September where we're stronger. But as Bill already alluded to, we don't ever have a business plan that our sales are going to grow 81% on an annual rate or really even in the quarter. So it really continues to be a balance community by community. And so there's still some communities that are performing at very, very strong order rates and there are some where we've taken some price because of our - either our housing or our lot position and has slowed the sales pace to some extent to where we've settled out somewhere between that $50 million to $81 [ph]. What we've guided to for the full year for closing is to be at 18% to 22%. We'll see how the spring unfolds. It doesn't mean we can't do better than that based on how we're starting off the year, our houses, our lot position, our product, our people, all of this things we believe put us in a very strong position to consistently outperform the market again in fiscal 2021. But with it only being one-month into the year, that's where we feel comfortable headed for the year.
Jessica Hansen: And really, it's been our focus this entire cycle is to push that percentage up. So that percentage increasing is not a read on the market. It's just a read on our continued success in building those relationships, Forestar developing its platform and putting this in a very strong capital-efficient way to run our balance sheet. Yes, does it de-risk us to the downside to some extent, but it's really more about the capital efficiency and driving improved returns.
Jessica Hansen: I think we've generally talked about some of the puts and takes. I mean there's three big buckets, right? They go in to [indiscernible] certainly and our labor and our materials and really all three are a headwind today, but we've been able to offset that with price. And I think also manage our increases in lot labor and material is probably better than the industry as a whole because of our scale, both locally and nationally. So the market conditions are to hold and remain a bit robust as we move throughout the spring. We would hope there is some upside to our margin as we move throughout the year. But it's really too early for us to put any color around what the margin looks like for the full fiscal year of 2021 until we see the spring selling season, which is why we're really only specifically guiding to the Q1 gross margin around 23%.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. So our finished lot count that was - we didn't give the actual count, but we said 30%. So 34,000 of our owned lots are finished. And then another 50% of our controlled lots are - will be finished when we purchase them. So that'd be roughly 132,000 lots. So roughly 170,000 lots in total that either are or will be finished once we purchase them. In terms of community count, as I mentioned, it was up 3% year-over-year, 2% sequentially. Really, with the size of our platform and the number of absolute communities we already have, we don't generally anticipate it moving much more than that. It's probably up no more than a low single digit percentage and there can be some quarter-to-quarter variability to that as well. But I think we do believe as we move throughout fiscal 2021. On average, our community count will be up slightly.
David Auld: In closing, our results reflect the strength of our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and affordable product offering across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions, and we plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of our company. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your reference during 2020 have been remarkable. We are proud of your work ethic and your positive spirit as you safely continue helping our customers close on their much anticipated new homes. We closed the most homes in a year in our company's history and are incredibly well positioned to continue improving our operations in 2021. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: John, I would say there isn't anything unique. It's just the continuation of hard work and focus. And yes, our expectation is we will continue to grind higher.
David Auld: Steve, it's David. Everything we do, we think about scalable, sustainable of being a major factor in the thought process. So our lot position, our forward lot position, the deals we control and have being delivered to us, best I've ever seen. The market is the best I've ever seen. But a one quarter pop and starts doesn't help. So if you can't sustain it, it really adds a little value.
David Auld: Carl, we've seen better demand across the spectrum. Having a house that you're going to deliver in 30 days, I did think put you in a very strong position to drive value for the shareholders. So as Mike said, our inventory is much younger. But the demand is out too. It's - I don't know if I've - how many times I've said it but in 32 years, best market I've seen. And it does feel sustainable, unlike what was the fast demand in the last big up-cycle.
David Auld: And I'd just add on to that, Carl, that we see the rental operations, those businesses. Yes, we have capital that we see to invest or will we find that there's a real synergistic operating platform with our homebuilding builders. And we've seen that in the sourcing of opportunities as well as the execution of construction and just our general approach and focus on the business. So we've been really excited about the opportunities and the returns we see on the horizon there.
David Auld: We approach it from a subdivision-by-subdivision standpoint. And where we have the lots out in front, we build to a pace that maximizes our returns both on equity and inventory. And it's – it’s really driven by the individual divisions and the markets that they operate in. I can tell you, we have projects where we've raised pricing an attempt to slow down sales and didn't see much of a change in the sales pace. So it really is driven by the production capability of that division in that submarket as to whether they can deliver more homes or they need to slow it down. There is some tweaking of that out in the field, obviously. I mean it's – you're at the back end of a subdivision, you want to drive the highest margin you can. But if you're on the front end or in the middle of a big, big community, which we have numerous big, big communities, you've got to be very careful with your price appreciation on your sales pace. Because nothing stops us like letting, one guy buy at one price and then having to incentivize or drop the price on somebody else down - in three, four months down the road. So it's - we call it odd not site [ph] in various project-by-project, division-by-division. And we trust our operators out there, who make those decisions. And it's been working for us for a very, very long time.
David Auld: Alan, everything we've done, since the last down market has been to derisk our land and loss of ply. And we are uniquely positioned with a very long runway on land and lots. And it's surprising, as it seems. But every time I go out, I see at least one or two deals in the division, that's better than anything else they have today. And that's the result of focusing on the relationships within these markets and treating these trade partners and land sellers, like partners and like, they are integral part of our business. They are an integral part of our derisk, derisking our balance sheet, generating cash flow and positioning us to grow and gain market share, at a pace that is driven by the market, not by our inability to deliver to that.
David Auld: Mike, it feels like there is runway in this market. And I say that because when I'm out talking to the really the division managers within these markets. They talk about employment growth. They talk about population growth. They talk about the positioning that they have. And I just don't get a sense that this is a frenzy or overheated environment out there, where people are speculating on housing. It's family formation, it's downsizing, it's a lot of different things that I believe, anyway are long-term demographic shifts. And when I look at where we are, and what we're doing and our product positioning and our cross point positioning are incredibly deep, very talented, long-tenured employees. It just feels like it's - we got - this market still has…
David Auld: Well, again, because of our scale and absorption pace per community, we get favorable terms in the market. The land price has gone up, absolutely, they have, but when the seller is looking at his risk side equation. Do you want investment-grade high absorbing company buying your lots or do you want somebody else buy? And that has worked to our advantage as we have continued year after year after year after year to build relationships with these people. So from a risk standpoint, having a set price, you're drawing a lot at some point in the future is significantly less risky than on the land. So – and it's also just a much more efficient use of capital. So that's something that we're going to continue to work on and I think get better at.
David Auld: And I'll say that, everything we've been working on, market share gains, liquidity, derisking the balance sheet. All those things help in any market, but it's a true advantage and a good market.
David Auld: I wouldn't characterize anything as an abundance of labor. But I would say - the thing we look at to monitor that is our overall cycle times. And we did actually see those hold and compress here very recently. So we're very pleased with that. That's telling us that we're getting labor on the job sites and getting the homes completed. And the composition of our homes inventory to be more favoring the backlog is simply a function of demand. It's not taking us longer to build the houses. We're just selling them earlier in the production process than we might have a year ago.
David Auld: Thank you, Paul. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in January to share our first quarter results. And finally, congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton team. Not only were you the first homebuilder to close more than 50,000 homes in a year, you are now the first to close greater than 60,000 homes and are solidly on the way to being the first to close 80,000 homes in a year. You're truly the best in the industry, D.R. Horton and this entire executive team continues to be hollered and honored to represent you on these calls. Stay safe, stay strong. Talk to you in January.
Mike Murray: And John, as we said, from quarter-to-quarter, you could see some volatility, some quarters could be up, some could be slightly down, it can bounce around a little, but the general trend will be continuing to grind higher.
Mike Murray: Good morning, Steve. We anticipate, the homes we've gotten started in the fourth quarter are really going to help us deliver the backlog and deliver new spec sales in Q1 and then into Q2. But because we started so many homes in Q4, they're not as far along in the production process, as they normally would be. So they're perhaps a little younger than the average balance might have been. Plus, we just had fewer completed homes in inventory, at the end of September this year, than we did last year. So it's going to take a while to complete our homes and deliver in Q1 or Q2. I think we'll see an elevated level of homes in inventory going into the next quarter. And then we're going to monitor for what we see in spring selling conditions. And we'll adjust to meet demand. Right now, we feel really good about the outlook for the market. And see a lots in front of us and the production capabilities to continue starting homes, and delivering to the higher demand levels.
Mike Murray: And Carl, I'll just add, again, back to the scalable, sustainable program. Large percentage of the population in the US, they never got to own a hold, sad is it has to say. And I do think having the capabilities to execute on the rental side does derisk our operating platform somewhat and will add a significant value to the shareholders as we build that platform out.
Mike Murray: Yes. I would pick up the last comment you made, that it is very tough to keep up with demand today. If we start a home, we see that there's demand for it and it's absorbed in the marketplace. With regard to our to be built sales, we're still seeing about the same proportion of our sales coming through in the to be built. I would say that it is higher as an absolute number being higher because our total sales demand is much higher than it has been. But we continue to focus on starting our specs and starting out to-be-built and then limiting the sales availability for to-be-built in various decorates, being sure that we have the capacity to start that home within a reasonable time frame that it's within our control to do so and not to leave it out there for a long period of time.
Mike Murray: With the sales office a few months ago and the agent I was talking to said that, foundation is the new carpet. And that as soon as we get a foundation going in, there's tremendous demand that people want to get onto that house and be in line by it.
Mike Murray: And Mike, from a positioning standpoint, we positioned ourselves to be in a very strong and flexible position to adjust to anything that does change. As we look at the broader market, inventory levels are still tight relative to demand. As you mentioned, we're still not back to even normalized levels over the long-term of normalized housing starts. And so from that standpoint, we just want to stay as flexible as we can. We've been through cycles. We recognize there will be times when the cycle turns, and we're going to be in a very strong position to adjust to that. We would never plan out our business model to show an 81% sales increase in one quarter, but we do position ourselves to grow consistently and gain market share. And right now, we're in a very strong market where overall growth rates are stronger than we've seen, and so we're outperforming that. When things moderate to slightly lower levels than they are today, our expectation is we'll be in a position to outperform that. But with a lower risk profile and the ability to preserve the downside on earnings when things do come under pressure at whatever point that is. But again, right now, we see a good market right in front of us, and we're going to make sure we stay positioned with affordable homes and our production in front of what we see the demand to be.
Mike Murray: Yes. We have seen and we telegraphed that we've seen some cost inflationary pressures on some of the lumber, a bit of the other materials and certainly, labor but with our market scale, deep long-term relationships, our production approach and orientation of the business, we're able to work with our local trade suppliers. Aggregate the only market share, but also aggregate labor share in a given market. And by maintaining a sustainable starts pace that allows them to plan their business as well. And it's – again, it's like what David mentioned to you before on the – the lot developers. Would they rather work with a production-oriented investment-grade building platform, for somebody else? And oftentimes, we're able to do attract and retain labor through market cycles. I mean, we have consistently paid our bills on time, and worked with these folks as partners through market up cycles and down cycles. And there is long memories here and long relationships. So we're able to get the labor to our job sites. We expect we will have pricing changes. It will go up and it will go down. But we expect to have the FLA [ph] brought our job sites.
Mike Murray: Actually, been very impressed with their opinions that they've been able to hold and even compress our EBIT cycle times in the build process. We always set goals to get better in our operations every day and pleased to see that the teams have delivered on that.
Mike Murray: I'll just add driving efficiency for the last 10, 11 years is the reason we're able to deliver the houses we're selling. We are - we try to create simple processes that expand our labor base without expanding the number of people, and we are benefiting from that today.
Bill Wheat: We'll evaluate that, compared to the alternative opportunities in the business. But clearly, with the returns we're seeing in the business today and the demand that we're seeing. We have a need to reinvest in our homebuilding business significantly to put our homes and inventory at a level to meet demand, and have our position and position to meet demand as well. As we look at our cash balances, our scale and our volume and level of activity in our business, is significantly higher than it was even just 2 or 3 years ago. And so we do expect to maintain a higher cash balance going forward, than we have historically. I think you will expect to see from us, at a minimum at quarter end will always be in homebuilding cash greater than $1 billion. But I think most often, you'll see our cash balance between $1.5 billion and $2 billion. And just for a frame of reference, we feel like that's an appropriate level of cash to maintain in the homebuilding business to support our activity. Because just as a frame of reference, on a monthly basis, our cash spend for our accounts payable, for our home construction, land and land development, payroll taxes, basically, all of our cash expenses range between $1.7 billion and $2 billion every single month. So maintaining $2 billion of cash is not excessive. I really feel like it's an appropriate level for our business. And also gives us flexibility then, when we see changing market conditions or opportunities, to adjust and take advantage of those.
Bill Wheat: It's a combination of several factors, Steve. It did exceed our expectations. When we spoke - last spoke in July, we were seeing unusual demand into the summer. But I think we still had some question as to how long it might sustain. And fortunately, for the market, we continue to see very strong demand all the way through the end of our September quarter, and of course, we commented through October. So we had certainly more pricing power throughout the quarter as we were selling through our spec inventory than we had anticipated. We also had some anticipation that we might see a bit more cost increases come through than we have thus far. Those are still coming. We see those coming in the next quarter, but we did not see as much cost increases in our stick and brick as we would have anticipated in July.
Bill Wheat: And so we see stronger growth than that in the first quarter, the short-term visibility. And then longer term, we'll see what sales demand and positioning are as we get into the spring.
Bill Wheat: Don't hear us say we have significant production constraints. There are always some, but we feel very good about our positioning and ability to continue to increase production and sustain production levels.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Matt. We would expect that we had a little bit of that headwind in Q4 in the September quarter. But I think we'll see more of it in most of our lumber headwind hit and pass-through in the December quarter, and that was factored into our margin outlook of around 23% for the quarter.
Bill Wheat: From a material standpoint, as we've said and, is very clearly known in the industry, there are increases that are occurring. And we're anticipating that. All of that is anticipated in our forward margin guide, which we're anticipating a slight improvement in our gross margin going into Q1. From an availability standpoint, there are periodic shortages of certain products in various areas. And so our operators and our national purchasing team is working with our suppliers on, addressing those, making substitutions where we need to, in order to address those. But nothing that is causing significant holdbacks on our production. Right now, current shortage of the day is windows. And so we're seeing probably more issues with windows than anything else. But again, it's just part of the business, part of where we are in the process and addressing those as we need to.
Bill Wheat: I think if you look over time, you may see that we have buyers in backlog a little bit longer, during our production cycle, because we've been selling some of our production earlier, in its production cycle. But compared to there are alternatives in the marketplace today, I think you'll consistently find that we're delivering homes faster, than any of the alternatives that are available to those individuals today.  So over time, it may change a little bit, but the relative comparison as to what else is available at that point in time, when you make the buy decision, as opposed to as much a repeat customer in a short time frame, it's a different customer comparing competing alternatives.
