Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2016. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that can lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's Annual Report on Form 10-K and on most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For your convenience, this morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q next week. After the conclusion of the call, we will post updated supplementary historical data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News & Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes historical data on our homebuilding return on inventory, gross margins, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Sorry, Ken. We're in 51 markets and 17 states today, so we're continuing to see that expansion as we move throughout the year.
Jessica Hansen: And then, Steve, as you know we always investigate new business lines, if they could complement our business. And so, we have built for rent on land we own on a limited basis when it makes business sense. And we do currently own a few large projects with parcels that are zoned multi-family that we're evaluating or in the process of building apartments on. But we wouldn't expect that to have any financial impact on our 2016 results.
Jessica Hansen: We would expect to continue to see a few, if you're looking like-for-like, some ability to move price up. We've continued to see our revenues per square foot outpaced our second brick per square foot now once we got back in track a couple of quarters ago. So, very positive on that front and definitely feel the ability to push price. In terms of our overall ASP, we did see on our sales front that really kind of flatten out sequentially, which isn't surprising because of the heavier mix that continues to come from Express.
Jessica Hansen: Our absorption to picked up the most in the South East and South Central regions, which is what you've heard us say really kind of Texas across the Florida and up into the Carolina is a big piece to our business that we expect to be very robust. And we've seen a very good level of demand in those markets and a good return on our inventory investments.
Jessica Hansen: Mike, it's really just a result of our overall focus on SG&A. It's not any one thing. It's always been a hallmark of our business. It's something we're very focused on. We set a 9.6% SG&A in fiscal 2015 which was the best SG&A we've had other than two years in the company's history when we had a 9% handle as well. And we've now guided to 9.0% to 9.2%. And I'll just say, it is a focus and something that all of our guys in the field are looking at. It's how can we run the business more efficiently and leverage our overhead better than we have in the past.
Jessica Hansen: You know, Sue, not necessarily that we're attributing it to better weather. But our operators did convert their backlog at a higher rate than we anticipated and then what we've told you for Q2. When we look at our business plan for Q3, which we're expecting to deliver on, it's right in the heart of that 76% to 80% range that we've guided to for Q3.
Jessica Hansen: And historically, we typically do see a tick down in our conversion rate from Q2 to Q3. That's a normal seasonal trend for us.
Jessica Hansen: In terms of overall, our revenue per square foot year-over-year was up about 4% and our stick and brick was up about 2.5%. Sequentially, it was closer to both being up about 1%. The majority of the cost inflation, as Mike mentioned, we continue to see is on the labor side not the material side. And so lumber specifically, I wouldn't say we've seen anything unusual in lumber prices. They tend to follow a seasonal trend, and we haven't seen anything unusual this year.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah. We mentioned that our year-over-year community count was essentially flat, and it was actually down slightly. And really when we look at that going forward, we would expect no more than a low single-digit movement. Either way, it could be up or down in a low single-digit percentage here over the next couple of quarters.
Jessica Hansen: Jay, it's business as usual. We're – we feel for the people and what they're going through in Houston right now with the horrendous flooding. But our operations are fine, and we don't expect any noticeable impact on our business in Houston. Clearly, the market has just softened due to the lower oil prices, but we continue to see very consistent, steady demand at price points below $300,000.
David V. Auld: In closing, our second quarter growth in sales, closings and profits and the improvement in our pre-tax profit margin are the result of the strength of our people and our operating platform. We remain excited and are looking forward to the opportunities ahead. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pre-tax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while continuing to generate positive cash flows and improve returns. We are well-positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our D.R. Horton, Emerald and Express brands; attractive finished lot and land position; and most importantly, our tremendous team across the country. We would like to thank our entire D.R. Horton team for their continued hard work, and we look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operation. Let's keep the momentum going week-by-week, flag-by-flag throughout this year. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now hold questions.
David V. Auld: Well, we're learning a lot with the Express rollout that efficiency and value is a big time driver in sales, and yes, I mean as we create operational efficiencies in Express to translate into the D.R. Horton. We are moving that way. Now, we will always be a locally controlled business. I mean, we're decentralized. Our operators in the field will respond to the market. And if it is a value-based market, they're going to have to drive more efficient homes. If it is a custom-based price point, then we're going to continue to modify our plans and introduce plans at the local level.
David V. Auld: And, Ken, it's not consistent with what we've seen in other markets, a lot of pent-up demand when we opened. Absorptions, they've come in higher than we expected. So, it's a powerful tool in what we're accomplishing.
David V. Auld: Ken, we've been trying and successfully setting absorption targets on communities based upon what we think is a sustainable demand in a submarket. And we are building and selling to their pace.
David V. Auld: Well, from a – The allocation to dollars, we – it's a market-by-market program. The markets where the upper end is is continuing to stay strong. We will be putting more money on it, but what's really driving the growth right now and the improvement in returns is the lower end, either Express or the lower Horton pricing.
David V. Auld: But, no, we're not really seeing the A&D environment with the banks improved much. This is really the result of taking the very best of the best developers and trying to improve our relationships with them.
David V. Auld: Well, we're in 51 markets right now with Express. So, we have, I think, runway there. We are relatively new with the Express brand in another 15, 20 markets that we think we can certainly gain market share in those markets. We're pretty much tracking job growth, and where the economy is supporting housing, that's where we're looking to expand our investment.
David V. Auld: We planned a solid, consistent double-digit growth both top line, bottom line. We'll continue to create separation from other builders in the industry. And today, we're very happy with that strategy.
David V. Auld: Stephen, this is David. I'll also add, we're going to look at lot. Anybody out there we're going to take a look at and try to see if they fit culturally, strategically within our company. But it's got to be a very good company for it to make sense to us. We like where we are, we like what we're accomplishing. And we really don't want to jump out there and do anything that's going to break that focus.
David V. Auld: They're there. There are some small operators or even midsized operators that are doing a great job. I mean, if you look back at the four acquisitions we've made, we have learned to become better with every one of those.
David V. Auld: The master planned, I'd say, is probably 10%, 15% of our business, and that's just a guess, really. It's not something we've broken down. And, yes, I think as we get bigger, or continue to get bigger, that percentage is going to grow. It's just a lot more efficient to deliver more houses at one location than it is in multiple locations.
David V. Auld: Thank you, Bob. Kind of a mix like Texas, at least in my mind. Houston is probably underperformed my expectations over the last couple of quarters, but it's been offset by an overperform in Austin, Dallas, and Fort Worth and San Antonio. I mean, the balance of the state is doing incredibly well and...
David V. Auld: Yes. I mean, I would say fully rolled out in Texas, Carolinas on the Express model, still got room to grow in all of the other markets. So, I think we got benefit from that brand and that initiative for this year, next year and the year after that, but we're fully integrated, fully rolled out.
David V. Auld: Actually, it is a major contributor. The other brands are doing well also, but there's just a whole lot less competition at that entry level.
David V. Auld: Michael, this is David. We get up every day and try to figure out how to make it a little bit easier to build a house, a little bit easier to sell a house, and a little bit easier to get the house closed. And we work on that every single day, because that is a sustainable, competitive advantage. And that is – that's what we try to be.
David V. Auld: Right now, Michael, we're replacing communities every quarter every month. And when you create a community that's driving an absorption level of two or three or a new community that's on an Express model that's driving six or eight. Flat community count. There's a lot of efficiencies and absorption improvement. So, yes, but over time, we will be expanding our community count that lead to market.
David V. Auld: I wouldn't say that it's changed the direction. We have seen that take place especially on Florida, it surprised me as well, or when we launched Express in Florida, 40%, 45% were actually the people buying their last home, not their first home. And that's something we're taking note of, and making sure that we're in a position to accommodate those buyers.
David V. Auld: Again, as you drive higher absorption in a community-by-community basis, you take a lot of pressure off the trade base, because a lot of their time is just going from community to community. And if we can get them into the community and keep them there, they can make more money, a lot less pressure on pricing.
David V. Auld: No, that would still be the case in the second quarter. It may change in the future as we are positioned to take advantage of opportunistic buys. And as stress gets put on a market, sometimes that creates an opportunity for us.
David V. Auld: We like the Houston market, big believers in that long term. And if it becomes – if we see an opportunity to buy something at a very advantageous price, we're going to be all over it.
David V. Auld: We're kind of going through a reset up in the Northeast. We like where we're headed. But it's not going to be a stellar performance this year.
David V. Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in July to share our third quarter. But I'd also like to once again thank the entire D.R. Horton team. You are truly the best in the industry and your quarter-to-quarter consistent performance proves that out. Thank you.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah. That's hard to say in future years, Paul. For this year, we are on track based on our current plans for fiscal 2016 to generate $300 million to $500 million for the full year. We would not be surprised that in Q3, we used cash because we are building out our backlog, building out our homes and construction. And as we stated, we do expect our land and lot investments to be higher in Q3 and Q4 than it was this quarter, but we are on track of $300 million to $500 million. And then our expectations for future year is our business model is designed to continue to generate positive cash flows from operations while growing at a double-digit pace and exactly what level that might be in each year will determine as we get better visibility into the year.
Bill W. Wheat: Right now it's in a pretty tight range. Both are very near our company average. Obviously, with the pent-up demand in Express and really not enough supply out there, we've seen better margins than we originally underwrote the deals to. So, right now it's in a pretty tight range.
Bill W. Wheat: Nishu, we didn't see anything unusual this quarter. We did deliver a strong backlog conversion. We delivered a little bit above our guidance range on our closings this quarter, and that helped leverage our SG&A a bit further, but we were very pleased with the leverage we saw on SG&A and we're tracking to a better pace, a better ratio for the year than we had originally guided to. We were guiding to some improvement in SG&A. Now, it's simply showing some better improvement on that. And certainly, as we get further into the year and depending on what our deliveries are later in the year, there is potential we could leverage it a bit better than what we have guided to here. If we were to be at the high end of our volume range, then perhaps we have a chance of beating the low end of our leverage range, our SG&A leverage range. But right now, we're comfortable with the range we've guided to. Nothing unusual, no declining or degradation in our SG&A performance is expected.
Bill W. Wheat: Bob, we do have very high expectations at all time. And we are pleased with where the results of the spring have come out and really across the board and all of our markets.
Bill W. Wheat: Mike, for this year, we stated we expect our community count to be in kind of that low-single digit or relatively flat this year with the improvement in sales coming from improved absorptions. And certainly, the Express rollout is a driver of that. I think it will continue to be a driver next year. As Express matures, if you're looking over the next year or two, you would naturally expect to grow at the double-digit pace. You would see a stronger community count growth over the longer term. We don't really have the visibility fully for 2017 yet to make any specific comments on that, though.
Bill W. Wheat: Certainly, this year, Jack, we're generating $300 million to $500 million, and we're to paying off over $500 million of debt this year. So, for fiscal 2016, essentially, debt retirement and continuing to invest in the business. We do continue to look at M&A opportunities, we've done several deals over the last several years, and to the extent that we see good deals that are a good fit for us as we described earlier. That will be a priority as well. And then beyond that, we want to stay opportunistic. And so, we're not going to tie ourselves down to anything specific beyond this year, but right now, we're focused on debt retirement, being opportunistic investing in the business, and then we'll assess further as we get visibility into 2017.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah. The timing of the deliveries through the year is a function of really the roll up of all of our communities and the timing of when communities come online and when housing starts gets started. And right now, the way it's rolling up division-by-division points to that range, but still for the year points to the same range we gave at the start of the year.
Bill W. Wheat: It really comes down to our overall revenue volume, our closings volume. It would be – is the main driver. We expect that predominance of that cash flow to come in our fourth quarter when we have our largest closings quarter. And essentially then, the wide range is attributable to a little bit unpredictability on the timing of when land purchases will close. And so, as we get a little closer to the end of the year, we might be able to tighten that a bit. But, there is some unpredictability in the timing of when the land deals will close.
Bill W. Wheat: We always look at the debt markets, and we'll remain opportunistic there. There are certainly – it's a favorable market right now. But where we sit today with our cash position with our expectations for cash flows, we right now do not expect to be in the debt market in the short term. We have already paid off the $373 million that came due on April 15. We paid that out of cash. And we believe our cash position, our liquidity available on the revolver and our cash flows are sufficient for the remainder of the year as we sit here today.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah. We did have – we sold an investment that we had in debt securities. It's been – You can look back in our 10-Qs, there's been a disclosure around that investment. We had some debt securities that we had acquired a while back that gave us access to some lands that we have now acquired the land and are actively developing it. And we were able to restructure those debt securities and resell them in the market. So, we had a gain on that sale of $4.5 million, which was an improvement in our other income line this quarter.
Bill W. Wheat: The East for us is the Carolinas and North, so it's really more Northeast for us. And, yeah, we were down, I believe, 2% in sales units. Our community count in that region was actually down. So, our absorptions were actually up mid-single digits there. So really just reflects probably fewer investments over the last few years, manifesting itself with your communities.
Michael J. Murray: I think we opened up Express in Denver over the past year. The team up there has done a great job getting that online. And it shows that there is a real need for affordable housing in that market, and we're delivering a value product to the market. And it's just being absorbed, and people are very happy with it. We're very happy we can do it and looking forward to try to do more of it.
Michael J. Murray: I think, we've been focusing heavily on developer relationships and working with them where we can. There's also a little bit of a timing functionality to that. And that – it can be very high in the middle of the quarter, come down a little bit as you're buying land or lots through the quarter. And at this quarter end, we had a little bit more than we might have been prior quarter ends. But it has been a focus for us. We're pleased with the results we're getting and being able to control more of our future lot supply with options and with developers. And we're going to continue to focus on it. You're right, it is a key part of our cash generation strategy. And we're very excited about the results we've seen.
Michael J. Murray: Nishu, we're looking to continue our land investment. In fact, we'll be increasing our investment this year over what we did last year, just to replenish lots and then probably a little more to bring it up a little bit. We did see an increase in our option lot position in the controlled pipeline. Some of that will be land we will purchase that's represented as option lots. That's land that's controlled under contracts that we will purchase as land and do the development ourselves. Other contracts within that portfolio would be – where we will be acquiring finished lots or super pads if you will, in some cases, from third-party developers. But we feel that there are still very good opportunities out there for land acquisition, for well-capitalized builders and for well-capitalized developers to work through. It's hard to quantitatively look and say what's happening with land pricing globally. I would tell you it seems like we're getting anecdotally a second look at a few more deals and things seem to come back around, which is just good for us. We like that.
Michael J. Murray: We are – you're correct, Stephen, we do have a strategic focus to improve our ratio of revenue to our land investment today; always looking to do that. That makes us a better steward to the capital that we're entrusted with. We do look at M&A as an opportunity to acquire lots, acquire assets and acquire people and operating platforms and teams. And we do look at several opportunities. They can be very good if buyer and seller expectations are aligned and something can work that's accretive to both. will always be looking at M&A opportunities to grow the business. But there's a lot of expectation gaps sometimes within what some people think what their platform should fetch and what the buyers are willing to actually to transact for. So there's not been as many transactions I think that some people expected to occur.
Michael J. Murray: Overall we expected a good spring and we're seeing a good spring. Overall, I think it's in-line with our expectations for a good solid, consistent moderately growing market with variations from market to market.
Michael J. Murray: I think we can contribute that there's a very strong demand in the marketplace right now. And that we are starting specs and getting them out there and getting them sold early in the construction process. And its – you've got to start more houses. And then, so you get those started and you get those sold. In addition, we're starting some houses to-be-built jobs as well. So our overall mix of build versus spec is staying the same, we're just seeing very strong demand in the marketplace. More efficient with turning of our homes is one of the key drivers of our cash flow generation. Doing more revenue, more closings with the same number of homes under construction at any point in time, a key part of our focus.
Michael J. Murray: We're not seeing a tremendous amount of labor inflation. In fact, we've been able to stay ahead of the cost increases we've seen on stick and brick, which any cost increase that have come through have been more labor oriented versus the materials and the commodities today. But we haven't seen a tremendous amount of pressure. And in terms of shortages affecting delays, our cycle times have remained very consistent, and we've not had, as evidenced by our backlog conversion rate last quarter, we have not had a real labor constraint widespread that's affected closings.
Michael J. Murray: We tend to focus a lot on what we're doing, and we do see some competition on the land front. It's constant out there, and it's market-by-market and it varies. What other things they do with their entry level, entrants, I've heard of others coming to market. There's some of it out there, but broadly we're not seeing widespread, heavy competition today with us flag-by-flag. Certainly, in our pockets but there's more competition. But generally, we're not seeing it. How others tend to approach that market? That will be up to them. We're focused on providing a great value for the home buyer, and so our customer can be in their house. They can be in there at a good price they can afford and a place for their family. But as entry level grows, we do expect more competition to come. And we're certainly prepared to deal with that is as it comes.
Michael J. Murray: It's hard to attribute it to any one factor. Just the competitive environment, deal-by-deal is different. We are seeing a few more second looks, so that's been very positive for us.
