Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q next week. Please note, that we have changed the presentation of our consolidated [technical difficulty] in development, financial services and other operations on a combined basis. This segment information on a consolidated financials in our press release includes detailed financial information for all of our reporting segments. And as a reminder after this call, we will post updated supplementary data on Investor Relations site, on the presentation side, under news and events for your reference. The supplementary information includes data on our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margin, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now I'll turn the call over to David Auld our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Our gross profit margin on home sales revenue in the first quarter was 20.8%, an improvement of 100 basis points from the prior year quarter and 50 basis points sequentially from the fourth quarter. Gross margin increase compared to both periods, primarily due to lower litigation of warranty and interest costs. And I apologize that we're been told that the call is not coming through clearly and it's breaking up. So we're going to very quickly get off the line and redial back in to see if that makes it better. Our apologies for the inconvenience.
Jessica Hansen: Very comfortable with continuing to push absorption that was the story. Obviously once again this quarter we were up 1% year-over-year, sequentially we tick down slightly, I believe about 2%. The details will be at in our supplementary data after the call, but we'd continue to expect our community count to be relatively flat to slightly up or down as we move throughout the year.
Jessica Hansen: We continue to see our purchasing teams across the country do a fantastic job on controlling costs. We believe our business model plays very nicely into that particularly with Express. But our revenues per square foot did outpace our stick-and-brick increase per square foot on a year-over-year basis again this quarter. So more of the same we're still seeing labor cost pressures and material costs relatively net neutral.
Jessica Hansen: Our spec count is actually up 16% year-over-year Ken, I don't know if that's part of what was cutting out on our call, we do apologize for the in and out earlier.
Jessica Hansen: We reduced our financial services operating margin, we have set 30% to 32%, now we're saying around 30%. The operating margin was only about 27.5% in the first quarter and we are seeing competitive pressures in the mortgage market, it's really reverting to what we would consider to be a normalized operating margin, whereas the last of couple of years they have seen outsized margins in their business.
Jessica Hansen: There is no certain rate really an issue as you said it really is based on how sharp they rise. So if they do rise very sharply in a short period of time, we would expect some period of impact, while buyers' mindset resets and adjust to that higher rate. But as long as we're offering affordable homes that people can afford, which we think we are doing today even with a decent rising rates. We feel good about the overall spring selling season in really sales as we move throughout 2018.
Jessica Hansen: And Dan, in terms of the rate environment we haven't seen any impact to our traffic or sales in January as a result of mortgage rates, actually very pleased with our sales pace and in line with our business plan as we're finishing out the month here today.
David Auld: In closing, our first quarter's growth in sales, closings and profits is a result of the strength of our people and operating platform. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to continue to expand our industry leading market share. We remained focused on growing both our revenue and pre-tax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while continuing to generate annual positive operating cash flows and improve returns. We are well positioned to do so, with our solid balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offering across our D.R. Horton, Emerald Express and Freedom brands, attractive finished lot and land position and most importantly, our outstanding team across the country. We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work, and we look forward to growing and improving our operations together in 2018, as we celebrate our 40th anniversary year. This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now host any questions.
David Auld: Carl we've spend a lot of time last two or three years looking at those markets kind of repositioning within those markets. And my personal belief is that those are going to be a big part of our company kind of going forward.
David Auld: In the markets there are a lot of people there and there is no reason for us not to be number one in those markets, just like we are number one in Texas market.
David Auld: We've been working very, very hard to improve efficiency deliveries in the delivery of the product, take labor out of it. If you look at our ASP on closed houses we actually saw a slight dip this last quarter, while we improved margins. And that's just the combination of a lot of really hard work in getting product positioned to be more competitive and drive a better return and - which is now translating into - it has been stable margins, but we saw a little uptick this last quarter.
David Auld: Every one of these markets are different and we do operate with a very decentralized approach to what we're doing we think that gives us that ability to scale up and operate in markets profitably other people have a difficult time entering. When I look at these operations and like the Northeast or Arizona a couple of years ago, actually opportunities get better and that's what we're striving to do is overtime get better. If you look at the longevity of our people you see that we've - I think in a way lead the industry and been able to keep people in markets for the longest period of time that's very important to me. So we don't have a top down approach to it, we don't have a quick trigger on changing people out. We work with people striving to get better and build on their relationships within those markets to create long-term value for the shareholders. And that's been the philosophy of Don Horton, Donald and something I shared.
David Auld: I think, the other contributing factor to what has extended this housing cycle has been the lack of financing for small builders and independent developers. That typically that's how the market gets oversupplied. Lawyers become developers and doctors become lawyers and it's a - they put product out there that there is no demand for. And what's you're not seeing and it's not just the D.R. Horton it's all the builders. Much more disciplined, we all went through that downturn. And we didn't enjoy. So we've got a great market working for us today. And it's just a matter of positioning and execution. And we did pretty well in that environment.
David Auld: With the increase in rents that we've seen in the market, the payment at 4% or 4.5% is even close to 5%, still going to be less than rent amounts. So it's - these are great rates. And what we have seen is that the uncertainty in rates is pushing people off the accounts [ph], and is actually increasing demand right now. So, we're looking at each market individually and positioning within that market to meet our targets, feel pretty good about it.
David Auld: We've pushed this into 22 markets we're actively working on every market we've got introducing the Freedom, it's a little bit different in that set up on the community HOA documents are a little more restricted than what typically be a Horton community. So it has been a situation where we are having to put lots on the ground to support that brand. It's a huge buyer segment, buyer demographic and they are much less interest rate sensitive. So we think it's going to be a significant impact to growth if not this year next year then certainly three to five year period.
David Auld: Where we can put those projects on the ground and execute it well. They have outperformed and very excited about it.
David Auld: Our operators are very disciplined. We're not just throwing inventory out there we plan our spec starts based upon demand within that community and position it to create a most efficiency we can building these houses through the - on a month-to-month week-to-week basis, which is part of our overall program. And I believe, we believe that it is the reason we've been able to maintain such stable margins for the past three, four years.
David Auld: Buck the alternative is rents and if you want to lock in your housing costs, you pretty much got home and build equity [ph] all the time. So it's a strong economy, more money in their pockets those are both ramps for D.R. Horton.
David Auld: We get pitched a lot of things from a lot of different people. Right now we are very happy with the absorptions we're driving selling to single family homeowners. And to me you put too many renters in a community owned by one company you can end up creating problems for the homeowners. So, if that was a way to drive absorption and we were looking to drive absorption then we probably we think more about it. But right now today we like the model we work under and feel like we are offering long-term value to our homeowners and that's a winning combination for us.
David Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in April, to share our second quarter results. And to the D.R. Horton team, thank you for a strong first quarter and an outstanding start to 2018. We are proud to represent you up here. Thank you.
Mike Murray: No Carl, it was just a solid quarter, backlog conversion was solid, our core margins throughout the business have been very stable. And really our outlook going forward is continuing very stable on a core margin basis. We did see lower impact from litigation and warranty this quarter. I would say back to a more normal level there we've had an elevated level the last several quarters as well as we continue to see a steady decline in the interest component, the interest costs and our margin which was a contribution this quarter as well. But primarily lower litigation warranty and interest and just solid stable margins on a core basis and as we look forward same outlook there.
Mike Murray: John, this is Mike. We have not yet decided what makes the most sense between debt or equity right now. Possibly a bit of a blend in any as we do intended to drift down our ownership percentage overtime. But today, we're focused first and foremost on building and growing the platform.
Mike Murray: And John, our product diversity is really helping drive that absorption as we're introducing Freedom into some of our communities where we have other brands there as well, that's helping us increase our absorption. We really see the potential for that for the remainder of this year.
Mike Murray: In 2020, we expect to have around 10,000 lot deliveries coming out of Forestar. So there is really, the limiting factor is people growing the team and the processes. We feel like we've got adequate capital for the foreseeable future into 2019 before we think about a capital raise, and feeling very good about our growth path and trajectory. The additions to the teams we've made so far have been strong. And we think that's going to lead to more growth in the platform.
Mike Murray: The 11,000 would be the total inventory in the lots. The 10,000 would be the annual deliveries. So they'll be holding on inventory of several years supply and then - but we expect them to be delivering 10,000 a year out of those deals by 2020 development.
Mike Murray: We continue to focus on the returns of those projects as we look at it from both the Forestar side and the Horton side. And we're looking at high teens, are very incrementally positive returns to the Forestar portfolio and continuing to underwrite to a 20% or plus return on inventory metric on the home builder side. Those are the primary underwriting metrics that we're looking at. And so that's where we're focusing and the margins will vary.
Mike Murray: Yes, Mike that is the primary driver, I would say it's the reason why we haven't been able to raise our margin guidance prior to this. We were seeing a trend that was affecting our margin, that trend has moderated. We believe it's at a more stable level today and we continue to see a very stable outlook in the core of our business.
Mike Murray: And also look at the recovery. It has been eight years of increasing housing starts, but they're increasing from a very low level at a very slow trajectory relative to continued population growth household formations. So the under building so to speak, that was occurring. We're still working out against that. And there has been discipline in the industry with amongst the players and not being overbuilt.
Mike Murray: We went from no share repurchases in the year ago quarter to up to 0.5 million shares repurchased in the most recent quarter. So seeing an increase in return there and our focus would also be looking for opportunities to invest in the business and continue to take advantage of market opportunities that we see, as a high priority for our capital.
Mike Murray: I think you are going see it coming from both sources the third-party land developers as well as Forestar. The exact mix between those two still kind of working that out, but I do feel really good that both - we'll have both the expanded relationships with developers as well as certainly an increased supply from Forestar for our lot position.
Mike Murray: Well the goal of Forestar is for them to be a large well capitalized national land developer that ultimately will not be on our balance sheet. And so while we're in the process of doing right now is putting deals in place to build a pipeline just help them build that foundation and build that platform across the country. Ultimately what that will provide when they are capitalized, when the foundation is built, when they're across the country and they're off our balance sheet the returns on D.R. Horton side will grow because we will have a more efficient balance sheet. There are profits to be made in the land development business and Forestar will make a solid profit, a solid return on the investments that they are making. And we will earn our portion of the profits on the Forestar business. But in the short run here for the next year or two we are in the process of building out that platform and putting them in position to deliver a more substantial portion of our lots down the line and to build a profitable strong returning business on a standalone basis.
Mike Murray: Steady growth is the expectation within a few quarters it's at now 2% of our overall mix, we would expect to see steady growth going forward throughout 2018 and 2019.
Mike Murray: Specs have consistently been a significant part of our business operations and those margins that we see now reflects 70% to 80% spec home deliveries every quarter and have for a long-long time. So we're not seeing anything, but solid margin performance across our communities and that's reflective of a lot of spec deliveries, which is very helpful as we compete with not just other new home sales, but with existing home sales as well.
Mike Murray: We continue to look at different ways to be more efficient in the building process and we in various markets and we do penalization, in other markets it's more restrictable process and in a lot of places it's a combination of both on-site always looking for the most efficient way to deliver affordable home. But we continue to watch that and at this time, we don't really have any kind of a codified view on what impact that will have on the awarding, but with something rest assure that we're watching continually.
Mike Murray: The problem really hasn't manifested itself for us, broadly across the board we - our spec strategy, our disciplined starting program of working to give an absorption in the community has allowed us to get the labor we need. From a high-level monitor overall build to see if we are having issues delivering homes and we've not seen any kind of elongation in our build cycle by our field production teams. They have done a great job staying on top of the labor. And then with the cost we have seen some increases in stick-and-brick cost that it varies from quarter-to-quarter is to how it's manifesting itself. But for the most part we have been able to get the pricing power to cover any of the cost increases that have come through.
Mike Murray: Buck with the homes we're looking to deliver primarily affordable homes that whatever customer segment we're serving. We are not expecting a significant negative impacted at all from the tax rate changes. In fact we're hopeful it put more money in people's pockets that they are more emboldened to be confident to make the decision to go and buy that new home and to buy an affordable home from D.R. Horton.
Stephen East: Thank you. Good morning guys. Just a follow on, on Forestar and surprisingly here, you've identified about 22 deals you brought on about 6. Could you talk about where they're located first of all? And then I have a couple of other questions on Forestar.
Stephen East: All right, got you. And then Mike, what's the limiting factor as you move through the year and into fiscal 2019 as far as converting those 22 and whatever else you're seeing converting those to going on to the balance sheet of Forestar? And then could you repeat for me, how many lots you expect to use from Forestar in 2020, I missed that.
Stephen East: Okay. And the limiting factor I guess on that growth. And I guess if you're already looking at 11,000 lots to have only 10,000 in 2020, I guess surprises me a little bit.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Alan we're just seeing really stable strong market out there. Limited inventory, certainly the ability to raise prices obviously in our more affordable product where we're very careful about the pace at which we raise price. Because we want to make sure we can keep an affordable product out there, but the markets very solid, very strong. Certainly we expect to continue to see some cost increases, but our ability to either offset that through other categories or to offset that with some modest price increases we believe is still there. So just overall market tone just feels very stable, very steady, and our outlook for margin is solid for the year.
Bill Wheat: I think we indicated last quarter we thought that we would be able to exceed those June projections, that were out there and we try to update that a bit right now with the 2020 goal of 10,000 deliveries. And very pleased with the flow of projects and opportunities that Forestar has been able to evaluate. But we will be updating our guidance for the balance of 2018, with some more details in April. We'll be a little more comfortable I think to share a little more granularity in what we see in interim periods.
Bill Wheat: Steve, we've been expecting to see higher interest rates for a quite few years. We feel that's very important to maintain an affordable product out there in any environment. And that's really still the most underserved segment of the market today is at the affordable end of the price range. So as we go into a period where we're now interest rates are rising, we believe we're in a very good position to compete in that scenario. Our decentralized operations also allow us to respond to individual market trends when changes in local economies affect the housing market. But overall, we're very pleased with the position that we're in.
Bill Wheat: We've always been a steady dividend payer. That has typically been our preferred method of distribution to shareholders through the years and it continues to be. We have more recently begun to pull then some level of repurchases of shares and we expect that to now become part of our consistent distributions as well. But that's really been the - our historical pattern on distributions to shareholders through dividends.
Bill Wheat: Right, we're focused like we are at the homebuilder, we're focused on the returns and the Forestar team is focused on the returns as the primary metrics that are guiding their decisions. And we'll get back with some more updated guidance information after Forestar reports their full annual results in mid-March when we come back with our April call.
