BillWheat: Hey, John. This is this is Bill. We're not commenting on specific weeks, from week to week sales, gross sales can activity net sales can be quite volatile. So we provided our commentary on a month to day basis because we feel like that the most representative information that we can provide. We did indicate that our translation level has remained elevated into April, which obviously affects net sales as well.
BillWheat: Sure, Michael. This is Bill. It's really a matter of timing and as Forestar pointed out on their call, they're working with each of their builder customers obviously we are the majority of their deliveries right now. And it's a matter of sitting down community by community looking at the inventory levels of lots that the builder currently has looking at the revised expectations of pace and then determining the timing of what takedowns need to be adjusted to. And so for the first few weeks post the change of the market conditions, it's really a matter of, I think, everyone hits the pause button for just a short period of time to reassess. And so pushing out takedown will most affect the first month. And I think that's where Forestar is but as we work through our adjustments we would expect that their takedowns would become more steady going forward. And it's going to be community by community really as we work our way through this. So there is a timing difference on lot purchases relative to home sales, but ultimately to the extent that we're delivering, we're purchasing most of their lots ultimately Forestar space will ultimately match or start to approximate Horton after a period of time.
BillWheat: It's primarily timing. That's the initial adjustment is to adjust to the pace community by community. So it's a vast majority of adjustments are all in timing.
BillWheat: Truman, I'd as you well know, we're a very overhead conscious company. And we're at actually the lowest point in our history in terms of SG&A as a percentage of our revenues. And so clearly we know how to manage our overhead relative to revenues and as we see where things go on a local basis moving forward, you can count on this to manage it well.
BillWheat: So I'll start with the share repurchase question, Truman. As we stated, we are cautiously managing that. It's too early to say exactly when or how we might be able to address that going forward. Base case, we would not expect to repurchase any shares in our third quarter as we assess market conditions and we see how things progress. But we do expect to maintain a balanced capital allocation over the long term. And we are focused on investing in our business, maintaining a strong balance sheet, maintaining a flexible position and still delivering strong returns to our shareholders.
BillWheat: HI, Mike. This is Bill. Probably not have specific percentages on that. We do turn our backlog rather quickly. Our backlog conversion rate is over 100% this quarter. So we do see fairly quickly with our spec strategy. We're selling homes during the construction process. We're getting to a scheduled closing date probably relatively quickly. And so we're essentially six weeks into this change, significant change in market conditions. We believe we've probably worked through a very good portion of the backlog. And as we work past the end of the month of April, I think, there's another step in that process, but we'll see really an appreciable move in terms of scrubbing the backlog after we really get past the month of April. I would say largely we will have a pretty good feel for where we stand with our backlog because a lot of our contracts, union backlog at that point will have been entered more recently not a 100%, but more recently and buyers who are signing new contracts after the beginning of the pandemic are probably looking at things a little differently than those that were in backlog prior to.
BillWheat: No change in those factors, Mike. Our volume increase on the homebuilding side is one factor. Also our mortgage company is now capturing, their capture rate of mortgages in the builder business has increased significantly over the last year or so. And so that -- so the mortgage loan held for sale, the mortgage origination volume by our mortgage company is a much stronger than actually our homebuilding revenues.
MikeMurray: Good morning, John. This is Mike. We've seen probably Texas and Florida hold up pretty well, but I would say every market is down and down fairly consistently outside of Texas and Florida. It's been a pretty broad-based impact.
MikeMurray: Thanks Carl. This is Mike. We haven't really seen a lot of the cycle time changes coming through in the data yet because these are fairly recent operational changes that we've made in the field, both ourselves and a lot of our governing municipalities with the cadence of inspections. So we'll let you know as we see those trends develop through the quarter. What they actually work out to be. I have been very impressed with our teams and their ability to keep each other safe and respond to demand for housing and be out there building with labor. We see a lot of our labor on site wants to work. We've not had a seeing lots of labor shortages at all. Or not been able to travel like I normally have. So I haven't seen as much coming into this call than would have been prior calls, but driving the Dallas-Fort worth markets, I've seen a lot of activity. The trades, a lot of signage around in our neighborhoods and other neighborhoods about maintaining social distancing and seeing a lot of our labor activity being executed with people not heavily congregating in the streets or on the job sites. So I've been very pleased with that and very pleased with the pace that we've been able to maintain in our communities.
MikeMurray: And David touched on the before is that most homebuyers are trying to schedule their home closing towards the end of the calendar month because of the way they're prepaid and the escrows are funded. It reduces their out-of-pocket cash requirement and so they're the outside realtors often advice that. So we see more of our closings in a given month scheduled trying to be scheduled by the buyers and their realtors for the last week of the month. So as you bring those things together at the end of the month that's when you find out you might have had an outside lender who could not get mortgage taken care of or something happens it just a lot pushes all the once. And so that's why we added the language to the press release into our commentary this morning.
MikeMurray: Alan, we don't have the April starts month to day number here with us. Now we'll -- we can probably follow up with you on that or certainly by the end of the quarter, we'll be putting that information out for the starts. But we're managing our spec strategy the same way we always have. It's at a community by community level, measuring demand in that community and looking at what inventory is available today. The construction status of that inventory and seeing what needs to be available for those buyers in that given community. So that's a very local decision that our teams are making on it, on a daily and weekly basis. It's nothing; we're anticipating changing at this point in time. We are obviously looking at what we would call a build job making sure that that buyer is still committed to the home before we start the house. If there's anything unusual with that house that it wouldn't otherwise be acceptable as a spec, if something happened to that by our contract we'd be happy to have that home in inventory to sell to another buyer, if need be. That happens from time to time as well.
MikeMurray: Thanks Michael. Completely appreciate the question and I will say that I am most impressed with David mentioned for the teams of people we have out there that are operating; that are empowered to make decisions at the local level. And they're generally operating a business model that has inventory on the ground. It has specs, quick move in homes that are available and we're seeing a buyer come to us that may have been looking for an existing home and that's a very challenging transaction to make happen today. And so we're seeing some benefit of that and working with our realtor relationships able to execute against that and bring those buyers to a new home situation, where we have inventory on the shelf ready to go. As David mentioned before, we generally position to be an affordable option for the buyers in the market.  And finally, we're very encouraged by the level of activity we've seen the more recent weeks in April and that there are people out there that want a home and are able to qualify to get in contract for this home. And bring enthusiasm as we see and watching our social media as those buyers are super excited about the home they're able to acquire at this point in time.
MikeMurray: And oftentimes that's very helpful to energize and motivate our internal sales agents in their activity, in their outreach program. So that's one of the reasons we would generally do activities like that.
MikeMurray: On the headcount, Truman, I would say that we are continually looking for ways to be as efficient as possible in the business. Right now, we don't have any broad-based layoffs or account adjustment plans. We're responding to what we see in demand in the marketplace. And we will continue to do that market by market. Our most important asset is the teams, the people that we have out there in the field and we've been a lot of work over the past 12 -15 years positioning the company to be prepared for whatever economic situation that we're forced to navigate through. And our people are the most important part of helping us get through all this.
MikeMurray: And then, Truman, to the comment on MA, I do believe it is still a bit early in a situation to see any opportunities that make present as a result of the most recent market change. But we continue to evaluate opportunities generally with smaller private builders that are complementary to our platform in various markets or product offerings. So we'll continue to evaluate opportunities as they present. It's nice to have the capital to make those decisions to invest in a business.
MikeMurray: Matthew, as you mentioned if there's a reduction in the activity level of the industry broadly that would create more labour available for the remaining starts that are out there. And then, obviously, if unemployment levels say at elevated rates that would create the opportunity to attract more people to the construction trades, if they are as the builders are starting homes. So we've seen adequate supply of labour along largely from our long relationships and large market positions. We've not been heavily constrained with our labour and I expect that going forward, we'll continue to build a partner with those people and perhaps with additional labour available to us in a given market, we can create some other efficiency for us.
MikeMurray: I think teams did a really good job of keeping control of the input cost for materials especially we've seen our stick and brick cost per square foot basically in flat as a percentage of revenue sequentially and year-over-year this quarter. And so with that we've been really good. We've got national agreements in place with a significant portion of our manufactured materials that have been able to give us very strong pricing in the marketplace, but we've not seen any significant deflationary effects come through yet.
MikeMurray: Yes. At this point in April we've effectively sold all of our March loan origination from the mortgage company. So no change there, servicing and loans.
JessicaHansen: Well, fortunately and as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, residential construction has been designated in essential business as part of critical infrastructure. So we really haven't been heavily impacted in terms of shutdowns. The biggest place we would have been impacted is Seattle since the state of Washington did not consider residential construction as part of an essential business. The state of Washington was about 3% of our closings in calendar 2019. And in the other areas that have been shut down for construction has been the bay area, New Jersey and Pennsylvania and when you combine those with the state of Washington, we're still only around 4% of our closings last year. So really the biggest impact has more been on just the ability to interact with consumers face to face, as we want to make sure we comply with social distancing protocol. So majority of our offices, our sales offices are by appointment only. Our trades are limited to one trade per job site at a time among numerous other new operational protocols we put in place, which has slowed our build cycles and impacted the business but by and large the true shutdowns has happened mainly in markets where we don't operate heavily.
JessicaHansen: And clearly right now it's always true that more happen at the end of the quarter, but we're anticipating there could be even more right now due to the current uncertainty in the market. Typically the main reason people cancel is because they can't ultimately qualify for the mortgage. So are we going to have some fallout because of tightening credit standard, potentially, I think the bigger driver right now is just job loss and loss of income certainty and so there are a lot of buyers that are canceling because of some sort of impact of Covid-19 that's out of their control. And so I think that's the main driver for us putting that cautionary language in there. There are still a few more days in April and we just don't know.
JessicaHansen: What we have done is slower starts pace to match the reduction in current demand levels. And we'll continue to make those adjustments community by community.
JessicaHansen: So I don't have insight to the outside mortgage company, but when you look at our inside mortgage company, we've been running about a 720 FICO score on average and even our express buyers been around 700 to 710. So do we have some buyers that fall in the band you're talking about? Sure. But it's not a large piece and typically our mortgage company does a fantastic job of when those credit overlays and changes in terms of FICO scores happen, working to figure out a different mortgage product to get that buyer into. So it's not generally a 100% fall out although there can be some fallout.
JessicaHansen: In terms of incentives which I think was the other piece your question. We have started utilizing just the typical incentives we would in a period of market weakness. So generally that will include higher co broke commissions and more dollars towards closing costs, if you use our internal mortgage company. And then just the array of ploys that our marketers come up with in terms of free fridge Friday, throwing in backyard landscaping, a lot of different things they can just repackage from week to week to where it's not necessarily a bigger hit to gross margin down the road, but it drives by our urgency to get a different incentive out there from week to week or month to month. So we have started to utilize slightly higher level of incentives because of the market weakness, but that's what we would typically do in this kind of environment.
JessicaHansen: And so as Bill indicated on the call that the main driver of our year-over-year improvement and our SG&A was down 70 basis points, 55 basis points of that was due to a decrease in the liability for our deferred comp plans for our employees resulting from the significant declines in the stock market this quarter. They're really only 15 basis points of their improvement was true leverage from the improved volumes we've seen in the market. And then I think Mike and Bill are going to chime in on your other question.
JessicaHansen: It's really been across the board in terms of reductions in demand. So a little too early for us to parse exactly if there's one buyer type that ultimately is going to be hit harder by the overall impact of what the whole world's going through right now. And right now it has just been broad-based and declines in demand across all price points and buyers.
JessicaHansen: Hi. We're just going to continue to focus on homes at affordable price points, so that doesn't necessarily only mean entry-level buyers. We want to make sure we have an affordable or at least value-priced product offering across our entire family of brands. I think a core piece of our business will always remain the entry-level first-time buyer because there's just such a big population and clearly the more affordable you can be that the bigger that pool is of potential buyers. And so really the focus for us isn't necessarily a specific demographic or buyer type it's just being affordable across multiple price points and product offerings,
JessicaHansen: So the data point on the capture rate and today their capture rate for the second quarter was 67%. I think that might be the highest quarterly capture rate we've reported for the mortgage company. They've been actively working to capture more of the builder business and so that's been purposeful and that compares to only a 56% capture rate last year at this time.
JessicaHansen: I don't have it for the quarter or for, I don't have it from March or April specifically, Ken, but for the quarter, we sold and closed 48% of our homes in the same quarter, which was up from 40% sequentially and up from 45% year-over-year. So we did have a very strong backlog conversion rate which is why you would anticipate that two of them more sold and closed in the same quarter this year than last year at this time.
DavidAuld: Carl, this is David. We are responding I guess community by community. We kind of reset expectations on absorption. We rerun pace again kind of gets old saying but it's to me it's a flag by flag operation. You've got to maintain a certain level of pace and we adjust the incentives to maintain that pace. So the reality is Texas, Florida, if held up better given all the constraints and really after the shock of the first couple of weeks our people out there, if it kind of got a rhythm and figured out how to sell houses and all in from my perspective things are better than I had expect and than I was concerned they might be so.
DavidAuld: Yes. Stephen, I like everybody else was a news junkie coming when this thing first broke and you turn on the President's briefing and the world's going to end. And so you kind of get hunkered down mentality and as news has come out more and more and more it just you get a sense that it's not going to be as bad as the initial thought might have been. And the key, I guess, to me there's two things that really separate us from everybody else. It's the people we have out there representing the brand and then it's just the price point. And the people want to be in the house right now and by being affordable we have more opportunities put them in a house than our competitors. So that to me is probably the mood of the country seems to have improved significantly over the last 30 days and our ability to kind of manage the process through systems and communications. And just being more comfortable. I think has given us a lot, an opportunity to make things happen. So this is unprecedented times.
DavidAuld: I think it's just timing when everybody wants to, our sales agents want to see people closed. The buyers want to close. You push through on the credit to get to a closing point and but majority in this industry of the -- that the majority of people closed the last week of the month. And when you're bringing everything to the point of closing, things fall out and whether it's a cancellation or a push to the next month that tends to happen now the percentage, I don't have any idea. But I mean we have been very purposeful in making sure that viruses in our backlog are going to be in a position to close. So historically that number may be 15% -20% the last week. I don't know maybe a little more. That's just not anything I track. It just, go ahead, Jessica, sorry.
DavidAuld: And I'd just that even though we're very happy with what we're seeing today, these are uncertain times and nobody really knows what the ultimate impact of all this is going to be. And being in a very liquid deleveraged, de-risk position, I think will afford a lot of opportunity for, in the event, there is distressed situation out there down the road. So we're looking at liquidity, de-leverage has a very strong competitive advantage for us today.
DavidAuld: How would you say that this has been unprecedented event taking place? And we're managing through the process and responding to what we see so far. I would say it has been a better environment because of I think primarily because the way we are positioned with inventory and with the very creative and energized sales force out there. And as we get more clarity, I think, we will probably share that with you, but it's just an unprecedented time.
KenZener: Good morning, everybody. So, Jessica, can you guys talk about how many of your orders in 2Q were inter quarter closings? And if that shifted and if you have it for April that would be great, but if you saw something shift in March first that overall quarterly rate.
KenZener: Yes. So the reason I asked that question is and the trend seems to be that you closed more based on what you just said. Therefore your pre build approach which obviously helped to turn your assets faster also allows you to compete with the existing market. So my question is with your 33,400 units under construction being that you're in 2Q, done with 2Q, historically you closed about 95% and give or take a couple points of your under construction over the next six months. Therefore, it seems and your comments don't seem to be that closing is the issue. You haven't really talked about a lot of construction delays though, Michael. So it seems like, I understand you pulled guidance. So -- are you -- would your concern more be about margins or I mean you have your units that are construction, so is it just, David, is it just that the demand might disappear or I mean is it just that it's so wise to not offer guidance and potentially miss it. Because I mean you have these units under construction. It seems your closing units you finish, so where's the real volatility I think in your normal cadence of closings, disappearing versus margins versus demand fading. 
KenZener: Yes. No. Idea makes sense. It's just that it seems though your closings won't be off that much given you already have these units under construction and you're still closing a lot of units. And if your pre build model it helps so. Totally understand. Thank you very much for your time/ End of Q&A
