Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Melissa, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 financial results. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, all of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-K next week. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News & Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: And Alan, it’s one positive came out of last year at this time, and what we experienced, it was a renewed focus in the field for us to stay and make sure we have this affordable product offering, kind of regardless of what interest rates are doing. So, we continue to see our average square footage come down slightly. It was down about 3% on a year-over-year basis again. And we've proactively gotten the houses out there that we believe are affordable in today's market and will continue to adjust as necessary to whatever rate environment we find ourselves in. But, clearly, today is a little bit better rate environment than it was last year at this time.
Jessica Hansen: And we feel very comfortable with the 60,000 to 61,000 annual target, but the reason we right now wouldn’t say we're comfortable moving higher than that for this next fiscal is because where we're starting from a homes’ perspective. So, 60 to 61, we feel very comfortable with.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. Truman, it was mainly due to favorable market conditions just because of low interest rate environment. So, that was by far the strongest driver. And our mortgage company though has also done a fantastic job working on becoming more efficient, they’ve improved their capture rate. I think, 63% this quarter was one of the highest we’ve seen in quite some time. But, normal historical operating margin is more in the 30% range, the low 30s. And we do anticipate that’s what they’re ultimately going to return to. But, no question this year was a very strong performance for that business.
Jessica Hansen: It’s really just looking at kind of our core lot level gross margin and assuming all else remains equal, so really no impact, one way or another from warranty and litigation or interest or property taxes. Now, those can move the needle quarter-to-quarter but they are really hard to project. So, right now, they are approximately 21%, would assume those are relatively in the same range as they were in Q4. And then, we're able to maintain a flat pricing environment or a pricing environment that is increased at the same level as our cost. So, that’s what we saw this quarter sequentially -- well, actually sequentially we saw an improvement because of the continued pullback on incentives, which we think we're through the most of. But, our revenues per square foot were up about 2%, stick and brick costs were up about 1%.
Jessica Hansen: So, Rehaut, in addition to product positioning and our current footprint and deepening our market share in our current footprint, we have continued to expand where we operate, and our market count this quarter actually moved from 87 markets up to 90. So, we continue to asses where those good permits and jobs and areas that are in the affordable housing on the ground which honestly is almost every market across the entire U.S. So, we will look to continue to expand our footprint as well.
Jessica Hansen: After we cycle through this next quarter, really that’s when we acquired the three companies we did and really what has been putting our community count growth in that high single digit range. So, without those acquisitions, we’ve been trending in that pretty low single digit range, only 1% or 2% on a year-over-year basis. And I think, we really just kind of anticipate more of the same in fiscal ‘20. So community count is slightly up, and it can be a little choppy along the way.
Jessica Hansen: So, it’s really just more the same Megan. So, what we're saying in that guide is that we don't have the same level to pull back on incentives as we did this year. We will pretty much have cycled through the higher incentives that we had to institute last year at this time to drive a sales pace. So, we continue to have some limited cost pressures on the labor front that’s consistently been somewhat of a headwind. But, we've worked to offset it in other categories. And generally, now that we've offset, cycled the higher lumber costs, our material costs are net neutral. Our purchasing team’s doing a great job of when we do have a category that the cost is going up, they find a category where we can look to offset it. So, I think our base case would be just to be able to keep those costs in line with whatever type of pricing power or lack of pricing power we might have. As a reminder though, the really the fiscal 2020 gross margin is going to be dependent on the strength of the spring selling season. And so, this is where we sit today. We feel good about maintaining our gross margin, around the range it is right now. But, it's really going to be dependent on the spring.
Jessica Hansen: It was right where we typically expected in call it 35%, 36% range. It fluctuates anywhere from 30% to 40%, on average, and with a little bit of seasonality sometimes.
Jessica Hansen: You may not see it from a pure brand perspective in our business, but what we’ve been introducing really over the last year or so is more and more entry level type houses in our Horton brand as well. So, the answer is yes, but you may not see our Express percentage of a business, climb from the mid-30s, where it is today.
Jessica Hansen: So, the communities we've raised price on isn't something we typically disclose. We clearly still don't have broad based pricing power across the board. But, I would say, at this point, we've had an ability to pull back on incentives, which is a different function of price, across most of our footprint at this point, maybe a little bit less so at the higher price points where incentives have remained elevated.
David Auld: In closing, our results reflect the strength of our well-established operating platform across the country. We are focused on consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits and generating strong annual cash flows and returns while maintaining a flexible financial position. We are well-positioned to do so with our conservative balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offerings across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position, and most importantly, our outstanding experienced team across the country. We congratulate the entire D.R. Horton team on closing the most homes in a year in company history, and we thank you for your hard work and accomplishments. We're incredibly well-positioned to continue growing and improving our operations in 2020. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: I think, anything that impacts affordability is always going to be a concern. I will say, when you look at what drives homebuilding, which is job growth and overall economy, we feel very, very good about what's happening there. And homes, they're affordable as they're going to get. I do think yes, there may be a little bit of pull forward demand. But, right now, the market feels really, really good.
David Auld: Carl, we compete every day. And yes, I do think that you’re seeing more people attempt to get lower in price point and drive better affordability. But again, like we've talked about in the past, our positions are very long, very deep. And we don't intend to give up market share and that -- so that’s servicing that bar. I will say, demand is still very, very deep. And I think, from my travels that supply is still tight, especially as you achieve true affordability, so. But, we take a lot of comfort in the fact that we've got a long runway and very affordable position, deep and long, so.
David Auld: It’s hard not to be a little bit excited about what the year brings. I can tell you we're not thinking that we’re going to see a margin expansion because I do believe there is going to be more competition. But, where we see the business right now today is very, very solid and feel comfortable, at least today with sharing that -- we are looking for pretty flat margins going forward. As you know, we’re not typically the most optimistic group out there.
David Auld: I'll just add that a lot of it’s positioning. And I think coming into this year, we feel very good about the way we're positioned, and both really California with the price that we've been able to drive down to and in Texas with lots out in front of our building operation.
David Auld: I think, on the last call, Bill talked about the fact that we're only top 5, and -- yes, number 1 in 13, top 5 in 30, 32 markets. So, we've got a lot of -- a lot of runway in those markets. And as to the brands, we're trying to drive optionality for the buyers and to create a focus and product to meet everybody's needs in the market. So, I feel like we've got all kinds of runway to get better end markets. And we're not doing as good as we should be and offer products that everybody is going to want to buy. 
David Auld: I’ll just add that we worked very, very hard over the years to drive a process that has allowed us to drive more square footage with the same labor hours. And that gives us a lot of comfort and confidence that when labor does get tied again, which I anticipate it will in the spring that we are going to command the greatest percentage of it. 
David Auld: Well, absolutely. I think, it’s a local market scale. I think it’s also our commitment to drive a consistent production at each flag. So, we get the trade base into the communities. Our absorption in our typical community is very, very high. So, we're keeping that. And they are not looking for work while they are waiting on us to start houses. It’s just a process. It’s something we've been working on for a long, long, long time. And I think, we do have both, a loyal trade base and good markets bad markets. I know they're going to get paid. So, that is a competitive advantage for us.
David Auld: I’ll just add, our confidence level is really driven by what we’re seeing out in the field. And we talk a lot about our people. We talk a lot about trying to get better year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, day-over-day really. And I would just say we are getting better. So, even though our absorption per flag has been very high through this whole cycle, we are a better company today than we were a year ago, better positioned and our people got another year’s experience.
David Auld: And I’ll just add, our mortgage company did a spectacular job this year, not only driving efficiency through their process but in aligning with our homebuilding operations to make the overall transaction better for our customers.
David Auld: Thank you, Melissa. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to talking to you again in January to share our first quarter results. And to the D.R. Horton team, congratulations on finishing number one for the 18th consecutive year. You are truly the best of the best in this industry. Mike, Bill, Jessica and I are honored and humbled to represent you on these calls. Thank you.
Bill Wheat: John, we expect to generate consistently strong cash flow in excess of $1 billion. Year-to-year that number can move around a little just depending on timing of investments and homebuilding, and given that were early in the year and we want to see how demand goes through the year that could impact our investment levels in the business. So, a greater than $1 billion is certainly a solid range and that gives us flexibility then as we move through the year and we’ll update that estimate as we need to.
Bill Wheat: We’re still actively looking at some opportunities, John. But, we're very selective and wanted to be very targeted in what we're doing there. So, while we're looking at some, they’re very hard to predict when they are actually going to happen. This year, we don’t have that same level of clarity to a number that we had at this time last year.
Bill Wheat: I think, Alan, we're seeing it, similar breakdown between our to-be-builts and our available homes that we have in inventory. But, we're excited, looking at going into this year with a good demand environment and opportunity continue improving our returns and part of the way we’ve talked about last quarter of improving returns is to focus on improving our home inventory turnover. And so, that’s something we're excited about the opportunity to deliver on in fiscal ‘20.
Bill Wheat: I think you will see our inventory level increase from where we are at this point in the year. But, we're looking to be more efficient with the capital. So, we look to see a higher overall turnover rate.
Bill Wheat: Sure. Truman, this is Bill. Specifically, in the fourth quarter when we missed our guidance, that was specifically due to some of our compensation accruals are tied to changes in our share price. And as our stock price increased pretty sharply in the fourth quarter, we had to increase a number of those accruals, and that entirely accounts for the miss versus our guidance for the Q4 SG&A rate. As you look back over the full year of ‘19 and as we look forward to ‘20 though, it’s a little bit of a broader discussion. As you recall, in fiscal 2019 at the start of the year, we had expectations to grow more to double-digit pace. But then, very early in the year as we saw softer market in the first quarter, we lowered our revenue expectations. But, we had our infrastructure in place and homes in place, homes and inventory obviously to support a higher revenue number. So, really throughout this year, we’ve been working to adjust our inventory levels and our operations to kind of fit that lower revenue expectation. And we’ve been running typically about 10 basis points higher than the prior year all year along. As we go into fiscal 2020, while we have the same revenue expectations that we ultimately achieved in ‘19, we feel like our positioning is appropriate for that revenue. And with mid to high single-digit revenue growth, we should see SG&A leverage. And so, we do expect to improve on our SG&A rate versus 2019 as we go into fiscal 2020.
Bill Wheat: I think, we're going to see frankly, Eric, more the same. We see lower levels of incentives than where we've been sequentially through the year, margins have come up nicely, as we walk from the second quarter low that we've had. We've been very intentional about trying to manage that to drive the best returns. And looking into fiscal 2020, as clear as plan all shows, this -- we’re expecting margins to be about flat kind of where we've been in the fourth quarter.
Bill Wheat: Right. Yes, the change in the accrual should not have any lingering effect that you are correct in that assumption. As we look at our absolute level of SG&A spend going into the first quarter along with our revenue guide, we believe 9.5% is the level that we feel like we will be at. If you do go back a year ago though if you're comparing year-over-year, in the first quarter, we had some, I hate to say benefit, but we did have some benefit from a reduction in our stock price last year. So, some of those accruals were pulled down a year ago in the first quarter. So, it’s simply timing on that basis, but it does move the needle a bit. It can move to 10 to 20 basis points.
Bill Wheat: As you know, we're focused first and foremost on returns. And so, we're going to balance margin, pricing, incentives and pays to generate the best return for community. Right now, we see a good market in front of us. And so, that would indicate we should be able to maintain margins.
Bill Wheat: No. That would be beyond our fiscal year. So, we're kind of looking at that as a fiscal 2021 event. So, naturally, with the 2.5% five-year notes we issued in October that does essentially provide the funds to refi and payoff the maturity that we have in the spring, the $500 million we have in the spring. So, that gives us flexibility in our liquidity as we go into the year to invest further or be able to be opportunistic as we need to.
Bill Wheat: So, part of the confidence we have in our cost outlook is looking lot of a national contracts we have from our scale. Secondarily, at a local level the scale we have certainly supports great labor relationships that we've had over the years and our ability to continue to source adequate labor to build our homes on a timely fashion is very constructive for us. And there is cost pressure because the market is strong. We would also expect that there is a potentially a lower level of incentives that would help us mitigate any of those cost leakages that we had through.
Bill Wheat: We do, we’re expecting our community count to be up low single digit, but our overall pace to be up mid to high single digit. Yes.
Bill Wheat: Just in general, we would expect that on an annual basis, as we've seen that as we're refocusing on providing attainable housing for people that we’re able to see communities perform at a higher sales per flag per week pace than other communities. I mean, so, it's something that we’ve consistently seen for the past several years is that as these communities open, we're positioning them with the right inventory to get going out of the gate strong and run at very high absorption rates.
Bill Wheat: I think, we're continuing to do what we have done with a lot of our national supply partners, and they’re creating a good relationship for us and for them providing a lot of consistent volume demand and potential halo effect into a given marketplace by bringing their product into the trade base. There are some follow-on benefits and we participate in that and they certainly benefit from it as well.
Bill Wheat: Yes. Alex, I would think, we would continue to expect to take market share, and as we like to say, outperform the market, year in, year out, we expect to do better.
Bill Wheat: Yes. We certainly have seen some improvement in efficiencies, their cost for loan is down, they’ve increased their capture rate, which provides efficiencies on overhead as well. But, a large part of the expansion margin is due to very favorable market conditions as rates drop for this year. The service release premiums are very healthy and that sort of a market and there is less competition from because there is more refi business out there. So, we wouldn’t expect to sustain the same level of level margins, they should come down a bit. But, we're pleased with the continued efficiencies we're building into that business.
Bill Wheat: Yes. Forestar, their active inventory is greater than their debt. So, they are capitalizing 100% of their interest into their inventory at Forestar.
Bill Wheat: We are not embedding any M&A activity into our growth guidance. With regard to our outlook for M&A, for what's right for Horton, typically, it's been the private builders, the add-on builders that give us new capabilities, new teams in various markets. So, that's where we’ll continue to have our focus right now. But, we are always open and are always evaluating whatever is right -- going to be right for us.
Mike Murray: Paul, this is Mike. And I would say, it’s different from three years ago that not just we feel really good about the focus we’ve had on housing turns and how to improve that as well as having lots on the ground to support the starts that we’ll need to be making over this quarter to support what we hope to be really robust spring selling season. So, three years ago, we were struggling not just with the inventory levels of housing, but also with our finished lot positions behind that.
Mike Murray: Overall, we feel really well about the progress we've made to get to 60%. I know that's a little bit bouncy quarter-to-quarter. And we’ve talked about, it's a dynamic number that measured in any quarter and it's going to move a little bit directionally. I hope to get a little more progress on that this year, and the trend continues. Forestar continues to add to their operating platform, add their team, which is a great first source for us, for a third-party developer. And at the same time, we work really hard developing relationships with other third-party developers as well, and continuing to expand those relationships that we have in various markets. And getting people in markets, we have not historically been able to get developers to step in and complete lots for us. It's an ongoing, long-term process.
Mike Murray: Hard to say, an ultimate number, higher than where it is today. But it's something we'll probably be working at very hard for our entire careers here at D.R. Horton.
Mike Murray: So, I think -- let me take second part of your question first. California and the west, we're seeing good sales trends out there. We've kind of refocused ourselves on maintaining affordability. And at the price points, we're offering our teams out there doing a great job executing for those buyers. And we're seeing the buyers respond. In Texas, it's home. We've been dominating here for a long time and we will continue to do so. And those communities are performing exceptionally well, great teams on those projects. And the economy is strong here. And the interest rate adjustments, as David mentioned before, helps affordability. But, we have always been focused on meeting that affordable need in the State of Texas. And we're seeing great response.
Mike Murray: And then, you did mention kind of the East and the Midwest. With our acquisitions a year ago in the Midwest, we’re working with those teams and they’re growing their platforms. There is opportunity for that to be a stronger contributor for growth for us going forward. And then, we’ve talked about the Northeast, and we continue to day by day improve our operations there, and our teams are working hard. And we think that’s going to be an increasing driver of our continued growth as well.
Mike Murray: But, we are seeing as with our refocus on affordability and ensuring that we’re driving that everywhere that we can, we're seeing improved absorption for community. And so with our guide of mid to high single digit growth on a community count of low single digit, we're assuming further improvement in per community sales price.
Mike Murray: Megan, we saw the buyers -- every time that affordability is constrained, the buyers have to readjust and there is certainly a pause in the marketplace. And interest rates are big driver of affordability. At the same time that as Jessica mentioned earlier, that gave us the real focus to get back into our product and think about what we are offering and try to bring housing prices down for our customers at a way that provides -- still provided a good margin for the Company, and we did that. And we’ll continue to adjust to the marketplace for whatever the interest rate environment gives us. I do think one of the things that we are seeing is that there's continued job growth in the economy and there's some continued wage growth. And that's very helpful for households. And that large population, that large demographic is aging one year further down, and they're having life events that often drive them to prefer single family housing as their housing choice. And we're well-positioned to provide them with a home for that.
Mike Murray: We're continuing to look at that business, Jack. We think it's -- we have an opportunity to provide some value in that space, and we're looking for the best way we can do that right now.
Mike Murray: We saw spec margins compressed or get closer to backlog margin. So, they came up relative to backlog margins. That difference shrunk in the quarter…
Mike Murray: As what you said, it was a firmer pricing environment, a lower incentive environment in our fiscal fourth quarter than it was say in the fiscal second quarter.
Mike Murray: And I would agree with you, Ken. We're not seeing anything different than normal seasonality though, necessarily. We do expect we can run a little bit tighter on our housing inventory in fiscal ‘20 than we did in ‘19. We started strong and as we adjusted our revenue expectations, we've kind of spent a year adjusting to align. But, we thought we’re very well aligned going into fiscal 2020.
