Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to our call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2015. Before we get started today’s call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements, as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For your convenience this morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-Q in the next few days. Also after the conclusion of our call we will again post supplementary historical data on the investor relations section of our website for your reference. The supplementary information includes historical data on gross margins, change in active selling community, product mix and our mortgage operation updated for this quarter’s results. Now I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Financial services pretax income in the second quarter increased 111% to $21.5 million from $10.2 million in the year ago quarter. 89% of our mortgage company’s loan originations during the quarter related to homes closed by our homebuilding operation. FHA and VA loans accounted for 45% of the mortgage company's volume compared to 43% in the year ago quarter. Borrowers originating loans with our mortgage company in this quarter had an average FICA score of 717 and an average loan to value ratio at 88%. David. 
Jessica Hansen: Stephen, our Houston sales were in line with the expectations for the quarter, our south central region was up 33% in sales and Houston was pretty much in line with the region. So still strong increases out of that market for us. 
Jessica Hansen: Yes, we would consider it to be in line with normal seasonality. Our sales were up I want to say, right around 50% sequentially. And even when you take into account our change in active selling communities, as we've talked about for a little while, those increases have moderated and so our sales were up about 51% from December to March on about 2% increase in selling communities. So right inline with what we would expect for this time of the year. 
Jessica Hansen: The other thing Nishu keep in mind is our mix shift and so our average sales price have moderated in terms of increases, but that's with Express Homes now accounting for 18% of our sales this quarter and 13% at closing at an ASP of about $179,000. So we are raising prices in many of our communities today but we do have that Express grow in mix that's offsetting our overall ASP that you are seeing. 
Jessica Hansen: And Steve, if you look at the last five years we really had been a slight tick down from Q2 to Q3 in our backlog conversion rates. So what we are projecting is in line with our sequential changes over the last few years.
Jessica Hansen: Mike, we haven’t actually disclosed our community count in total or by brand. But clearly we are growing our Express community count at a faster rate than the rest of the company. In absolute terms the number of homes sold doubled -- or tripled and then on Emerald we are growing that still, we are growing it at a slightly slower rate than we are Express, but our absorptions improved dramatically in both of these brands in addition to having some community count growth as well. 
Jessica Hansen: Susan as Mike just alluded on one of the previous questions, we have seen our rate has increased and our cost come down a bit. So our stick and brick cost per square foot this quarter was up about 4.5% on a year-over-year basis and that still wasn’t in line with our revenues but it’s a smaller increase than we’ve been seeing and headed in the right direction. Sequentially we actually saw our stick and brick cost increase per square foot almost essentially in line with what our price per square foot did. So we’ve made a lot of progress on that front and we plan to continue to do so as we move throughout the year. 
Jessica Hansen: These are normal seasonal trends Will in January and February. So our sales cadence in Texas was increasing as we moved throughout January and February, which is what we would expect as we move into the early part of spring.
Jessica Hansen: You know that Southwest is one of our smaller regions, and it’s only made up of few markets, including Phoenix and you are right that our community count is impacting their sales rate and their community count was down this quarter and their absorptions were up. But their absorptions were a little bit slower than the company average and at really no point is Phoenix continuing to be a little bit more of a challenging market for us than other parts of the country that are just growing faster.
Jessica Hansen: Jade we have really just guided to what we expect to do this year in terms of closings. I don’t think we want to make any educated guesses on sales, but clearly we have to drive a good sales pace to hit the closings guidance that we went ahead and updated this quarter.
Jessica Hansen: What we have seen in terms of VA is pretty consistent. It ticked slightly down. So we will have this in our supplementary data on the investor part of our website after the call. But our VA percentage was 18% and we also saw a slight decrease in our USDA percentage from what we have been running down to 5%. So those were the two products most likely and to have zeroed down in them I don’t have [indiscernible] are overall zero down.  In terms of driving the qualified we are going to a little further out in some cases for Express to hit that value proposition and people do still want to seem to do that but in terms of where our communities are located today compared to kind of back during the boom we are not nearly back out those areas again and there might some of the those areas we don’t ever go back to.
Michael Murray: Home building SG&A expense for the quarter was $242.4 million, compared to $187.9 million in the prior year quarter. As a percentage of home building revenues our SG&A improved 70 basis points to 10.4% compared to 11.1% in the prior year quarter as our significant revenue increase this quarter improved our SG&A leverage. Based on our projected backlog conversion we expect our SG&A as a percentage of home building revenues in the third quarter to be in the range of 9.9% to 10.2% which would be a year-over-year improvement of 40 to 70 basis points. Our ongoing annual target for SG&A as a percentage of home building revenue is 10%. Jessica.
Michael Murray: Solid margins over there, but that solid margins and absorptions are very strong. So absorptions are probably bit higher than our original expectations. 
Michael Murray: Yes so that’s kind of how our seasonality is consistent with what we see but clearly we took a step up in absorptions this year versus last year and that is continuing through the spring. 
Michael Murray: And just based on our experience thus far what we're seeing when we put the product out there at an affordable price for those entry levels buyers and the current mortgage environment, there is plenty of demand. We're not having any problem selling those houses. So from that standpoint we -- our evidence would show that we think that any limitations for the entry level buyer is supply driven. The mortgage environment, someone has a decent credit score, decent credit history they can get a mortgage today. 
Michael Murray: Within the Express product we have tried to be consistent with the product offering but we have been sensitive to the markets and where is demand for greater square footage we are certainly delivering that and adjusting the mix, community by community to meet what that buyer is looking for in that community. It is not a one size fits all approach, it is not just the smallest house, as you said, it’s driven by a family need, of the bedroom count since we are -- footage that they need and with the Express efficiencies we gain, we can deliver that value and deliver that a square footage at the price they can get the mortgage for.
Michael Murray: You know we did exceed our expectations in the second quarter higher than our range and a bit higher jump in the backlog conversation from Q1 to Q2 than we have seen in the past. What we are guiding to for Q3 in the range of 78% to 80% is conversion [ph] is higher than our conversion rate last year. It is also in line with what we are seeing in our business and in our updated forecast, really from the community level up. So that’s really a large part of what drives our guidance on conversion rate is what our guys, what our operators are telling us they are going to do.  We have had great sales in Q1 and so our backlog is up significantly and certainly we will -- we are going to be focused on closing every home that we can, that’s ready to close and in whatever period it’s ready but today based on the plans that we have in our business, the visibility we have in our business it lines up with that high 70s to 80% conversion rate for Q3.
Michael Murray: I think so far this year we are about consistent in our land spending and largely looking at replacements of the lots that we have been delivering. We feel like we have got a very strong owned and controlled lot position over 170,000 lots available for us. So I don’t see a huge growth in our land acquisition spending at the present time but we still do see opportunities in all of our markets and we will continue to invest.
Michael Murray: My comment would be no different in a Horton community or an Emerald community, that’s the case community by community across our country all the time. 
Michael Murray: We’re very pleased with that, to find that stable level in our normal range and obviously we’ll work to improve it in here. 
Michael Murray: Yes, we certainly would expect to get up into the high 20s, exactly where that lands for the long-term is hard to say, but it wouldn’t surprise us if it got to the high 20% to 30% in terms of units and that may translate to 20% of revenues, but really we are focused project by project, market by market, expanding where it makes sense and where locations are good and then we will see where it lands.
Michael Murray: And Jade we have said consistently for a while that we are sort of working through actively on our former land held for development or moth balled communities and that’s a source of cash for us and we are trying to turn those inactive, unproductive assets into productive ones. So most of the projects that we have pulled out of mothball we put into production, we are building houses on and we haven’t had any impairment charges but there are the occasional projects we have had and we might have a few more, that the best answer is to sell it and those have a higher risk or higher likelihood of having some impairment chargers but I would tell you in general our expectations for charges going forward are definitely lower and we expect fewer charges again going forward over the next year then we have seen over the past 12 months.
Michael Murray: As we look throughout company we always like plenty of opportunities to get better and plenty of opportunities to improve. So we will keep doing that.
David Auld: In closing our second quarter growth in sales, closings and profits in a relatively stable market is the result of the strength of our operating platform and we are excited about the remainder of the year and opportunities ahead. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pretax profits at a double digit pace, while improving cash flows and increasing our returns. We are well positioned with our solid balance sheet, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our D. R. Horton, Emerald and Express brands, attractive finish lot and land position and most importantly our tremendous operational team across the country.  We’d like to thank all of our employees for their continued hard work and we look forward to working together to continue to grow and improve our operations. This concludes our prepared remarks. We can now host questions. 
David Auld: Well, Stephen at this point we’re not seeing a lot of competition. People try to come in and compete with us. We continue to open markets pretty much as fast as we can. So we are seeing good growth in that brand and expect it to continue. There seems to be a lot of talk about the lack of first time home buyer coming into the market. That’s certainly not something we’re seeing, where we have been able to get product on the ground we have found buyers. So and from a margin perspective it’s running below the company average but it’s in line with our expectations and in some cases we were able to push margins up so… 
David Auld: Yes, Stephen I have spent the last month and a half driving our Texas markets, including Houston with the Regional President reporting and his Divisional Presidents. You would think the market would be slowing down but we are seeing consistent performance pretty much across the Board and our April sales are a continuation of what we saw in the first quarter. 
David Auld: Technically the Express Buyers is buying their first home. 60% of our Express Buyers are first time home buyers. Or they are people that are very conservative and looking for a great buy. I'm not sure there is a lot of difference other than their income levels, between the people buying the Express Home and the people buying a D. R. Horton home. 
David Auld: So I can tell you, the way we're looking at it is a return based model. And if we can generate a 20% return at the division level, then it's going to drive significant improvement to our operations and overall returns as a company. So where we have the ability to maintain that absorption level and increase production we do. And I can tell you we have seen a significant number of our projects where the margins have improved. 
David Auld: Stephen, when we first launched Emerald we were launching a brand that was different than what the perception of D. R. Horton had been in the past and so we built really, really [indiscernible] ourselves. And I think as we have met with these customers and kind of defined what they are looking for we are modifying that and we are ultimately it kind of comes back to the same thing that’s on the Express side. People want a great value at a great location and so yes, we are really kind of simplifying what we are doing on Emerald side, focusing on location but delivering competitive house in that market. 
David Auld: And would you launch Express or Emerald across all of our markets, I mean you are going to learn a lot and you are going to make modifications to improve returns through the process. We are looking at the market, we are identifying where we can get better and we are pushing to get better.
David Auld: I think the key for us right now is we don’t have to buy anything. We are in a very strong position, where we see A plus deals than we can -- we are moving on those with a lot of energy and a lot of aggression. 
David Auld: It’s a project by project comment. I will tell you we have a lot of projects out there where we continue to expect absorption for community to increase. Some we have maxed out and then some are our bigger Express offerings. We are building everything we can build on it. So in those projects we’re taking margins up. 
David Auld: That’s pretty much the market out there right now. It’s a great market for us because we’ve got the land, we’ve got the operating platform, we’ve got the people in place. So we’re not having to make any investments. We’re just riding the market. It jumps up then labor becomes a bigger issue and some of the higher price land that have been bought by others becomes competitive and we like the way deals run, it’s a good market for us, or consistent, absorptions are consistent, margins are consistent, yes, just continuing to gain market share. 
David Auld: The Express was designed to be a very efficient product to build, and as we build it more and more times we’re getting better and better at delivering it and that’s across all three of those markets. 
David Auld: Part of what I think it’s going to be one of the big constraints in this cycle is going to be labor. And we are focused on creating efficient plans that will allow us to build more houses with less labor and that’s been an ongoing effort now for really the last couple of years. 
David Auld: I have been in almost every project, every slide [ph] that we have in Texas over the last month and a half. And I can tell you there is no defining point about whether one of them is doing really well or not doing well. Across the board they are almost 100% on target and at the price point of the Express or the price point of Emerald. Texas is a good market for us right now.
David Auld: Phoenix is a great city. Phoenix is going to be a great housing market again, it’s not there right now but we have big expectations for Phoenix down the road.
David Auld: And we are laying out a plan and just kind of thinking about the business long-term we would expect at some point, Emerald to be about 20% of our revenue, Express to be about 20% of our revenue and the core Horton brand to be the balance of 60%.
David Auld: We are in the higher price points, but we are in the higher price points really positioned over the last couple of years and there are locations that for us at least today we are not seeing any slowdown. Maybe it's there are areas where people were selling higher priced homes that are seeing a slowdown. But our experience today is that the locations we have chosen and entered in last couple of years are still very high demand. When we launched the Emerald brand we focused on location. And that has been a prudent focus. 
David Auld: Thank you, David. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you in July. I'd like to personally thank our people out there for the outstanding results of the last quarter and the way you are positioned for the quarter coming up. We appreciate it. Thank you. 
Bill Wheat: We are seeing that that we're hitting the pace and our plan pace in the various communities that we get there and then we feel we have pricing that are coming back, incentives have not been increasing, incentives are essentially flat for about a year. And so we're seeing as pace improves we get price, we will get some pricing power back we're seeing in communities. And we're very happy with getting the stability in our margins. 
Bill Wheat: I think both year -- Easter was in April both year, slightly earlier this year and we don’t see a big impact there, as David said earlier, April’s continued the same trend we saw through the March quarter.
Bill Wheat: Bob, we’ve, really from the start of the year we said we did expect our ASP growth to moderate to the low single digit range and that’s where it is today. There is a number of factors that offset and it’s a little difficult to say whether it will continue to be slightly up, flat, or slightly down. I wouldn’t say we have an expectation, it could be down. Certainly as Express grows that does pull the ASP down. But we are seeing good sales in Horton, good sales in Emerald. We are seeing pricing power in a number of our communities as well. So that ASP is one of the most difficult things to predict, exactly where it’s going to be quarter-to-quarter.  So I think we would stay consistent with what we have said all along this year, expect it to continue to moderate and to the extent it’s up, it will be up in the low single digits.
Bill Wheat: Just to replenish our lot supply at the level of volume we are at today there is still going to be significant investment. It will be north of $2 billion, $2.0 billion to $2.3 billion somewhere in here in land spend for the year, consistent with last year.
Bill Wheat: Michael I think we’re seeing there we are six months into the year at this point. So we’ve been through a very good spring selling season. We posted two quarters of margin in the 19.7%, 19.8% range and looking forward we see continued stability around that level. So it’s not necessarily price pressure that’s come in to play. I think we’re seeing that our pricing relative to our sales price, our cost increases relative to sales prices have moderated and we’re not losing ground there.  We’re seeing some stability in our reported margins and probably in our go forward margin at this point. So at this point half way through the year, at the turn we’re looking to kind of tighten that range down around what we posted. 
Bill Wheat: And you alluded that mix change does have an impact on this, our Express margins which are making up a bigger percentage of our deliveries are at a slightly lower margin rates on average with their faster absorptions than the company average right now. 
Bill Wheat: First as we look at our land supply we did make a lot investments early in the cycle and so we built up our land supply to a very sufficient level to support really strong top line growth for a few years here. So we are working into that and so our requirements to increase our land supply really not there right now. So the pace of spending has slowed but as we said earlier our pace will continue to be at a very strong pace in terms of reinvesting in the business. We’re constantly evaluating our opportunities to invest market by market. We’re focused on achieving a 20% ROI, so pretax income over average inventory on every project that we invest in. It’s one of our key investment criteria and to the extent we were finding deals that can do that in markets that we feel confident in we’ll continue to invest strongly in our business.  That being said, we do expect and one of our goals is to continue to improve our cash flow. We did see and are seeing improvement in our cash flows from operations. We’ve improved year-to-date a 100 million or better in terms of cash use from operations this year versus last year and we believe we’ll see significant improvement by the end of the year on a year-over-year basis. So heading towards the breakeven and hopefully a positive cash flow position.  We’re focused right now on achieving that and when we achieve that certainly that opens up a lot of flexibility for us either to invest further in the business, to look at other opportunities to look at distributions to shareholders as well, all those things come into play when we get to a stronger cash flow position. 
Bill Wheat: I don’t think we’ve seen anything in Texas outside of our expectations and pretty consistent performance across our price points. Our exposure in Texas is long and deep. We’ve been here a long time, it’s home and our presence in the markets is very tailored to the individual markets and we’ve not seen anything outside in Texas that’s occurring outside of our expectations right now. We do watch it closely, but we are very happy with Texas’ performance. 
Bill Wheat: Jade, we had, I believe $8 million of impairments this quarter, that was primarily related to one community in South Florida that we have owned for a long time, that the opportunity came to sell it and we thought that was a better use of cash to be able to reinvest the cash with some current investment opportunities. There were about $4 million of option write-offs and earnest money, due diligence cost that we rolled off during the quarter for projects we are not pursuing.
Bill Wheat: So high 20s to 30% is our guidance for year-over-year, and we have to sell at that pace to close at that pace.
Bill Wheat: Right now we expect it to remain relatively stable. Our expectations all year have been that we would continue to see relatively stable to slightly up low single-digit on community counts and I think that continues to be our expectation for the short to medium term, that’s something we are always evaluating as we are making our investment decisions.
Bill Wheat: I think we have some on communities that we talked about before we do have a limit that we probably hit, but there are certainly several communities we have, that we identified for increases in absorptions. So we will continue to look to operate the company on a community by community basis at the right pace for that community to drive the expected returns.
