Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Tom. And good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2023 financial results.  Before we get started, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, all of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-K late next week. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the presentations section under News & Events for your reference. Now I will turn the call over to David Auld, our Executive Vice Chair.
Jessica Hansen: Our starts should tick down a little bit sequentially, but our base case, subject to market conditions, as everything and the strength of the spring, is that we would expect to increase our search gradually, quarter to quarter as we move throughout the year, to position ourselves to deliver on the guidance that we've talked about and then obviously to also exit 2024 position to grow into 2025. So we're working market by market, community by community to improve our production capabilities. And what we want to do is make sure that as we're increasing our starts that it's sustainable. So that's why you're just going to see it gradually happen throughout the year.
Jessica Hansen: Carl, this doesn't perfectly answer your question, but I do want to let people know that in our investor presentation we're going to post, as we usually do, post the call, we've updated our market share dominant slide pretty dramatically to make sure it aligns with all of the markets we operate in. We did a lot of work with Zonda and our internal data. And so, now instead of just reporting on the top 50 US housing markets and where we rank in those, we're talking about all 118. And so, it will give you some more insight into where we are in terms of whether we're number 1, top 5, top 10. Out of the 118 markets we're in today, only 7 we're not top 10 in and we went through those last night and they are all markets that we essentially have just entered within the last year or two. So we would expect to be top 10 very quickly and then move up into the top 5 and certainly continue to work on becoming number 1.  So it doesn't answer geographic mix, but I did want to kind of plug the fact that we gave incremental data on market share that we hadn't historically put out there.
Jessica Hansen: Great question, Mike. We expected it. We do talk about always positioning ourselves for growth, and you typically hear us talk about plus or minus 10% is how we're going to position the company. If you look at how we're exiting 2023 though and our guide for fiscal 2024 closing, it does already assume our typical 2 times housing turn, actually a little bit better than that at the high end. So 2.04 times to 2.11 times would be our guide. And so, it's already incorporating our improvement in cycle times. And if we continue to be able to have success with that throughout the year, we'll consider that in what we talk about publicly in terms of what we're able to deliver for fiscal 2024. But as we sit here in November, that's a realistic expectation for closing with the visibility that we have today. It's not necessarily that we've seen a big falloff in demand. Obviously, our sales were up very strong. And so, it's more a function of the houses we have in inventory and our cycle times.
Jessica Hansen: Carl asked about geographic mix, but that's a good point here in terms of just our reported average sales price. We are continuing to shift, as we said in our prepared remarks, to more and more of our smaller floor plans to address affordability issues in the market. So we could have some downward pressure on price that's solely just a function of product mix.
Jessica Hansen: We're also going into the seasonally slowest time of the year. So November and December typically are the slowest sales months as you get to the holidays. So, we're going to continue to focus ourselves on meeting the market, but not making any drastic adjustments to our business plan, and we're going to wait and see how the spring unfolds and make sure that we're continuing to start houses going into the spring.
Jessica Hansen: And we're going into the year with a very strong start. We did say that our gross margins are expected to decline in Q1, but we're coming off a 25.1% in Q4, which is below the peaks that we achieved last year. But it's still a very healthy gross margin that gives us some room to meet the market and maximize returns and still post very healthy returns.
Jessica Hansen: And we still really like over half of our business being first-time homebuyers because despite what's happening with interest rates, those buyers need a place to live. They don't already own a home, so they're not a discretionary buyer. They're in the market looking at buy versus rent opportunities. So, if we can stay competitive with the rental market on that front, we're going to continue to capture first-time homebuyer market share.
Jessica Hansen: On a year-over-year basis, Sue, yes. I think we would expect – as we look at fiscal 2024, we've driven a lot of increased absorption out of our communities for quite some time now. And so we're shifting to some of that growth now coming from just incremental community count and continuing to expand our footprint. So I think mid to high single is a good base case. We don't specifically guide the community count for a reason. It's pretty hard to predict just because there are so many moving pieces to communities coming on and offline, but I do think that's a reasonable base case assumption that we'll obviously update as we move throughout the year if necessary.
Jessica Hansen: I probably wouldn't use the word bracing for. We feel like we're in a very strong financial position to weather whatever we find in front of us, whether it's upside or downside. And we're going to do what we always do, which is continue to adjust to market conditions. We're not in a position to give a full-year guide. We likely may never do that again because margin really is a function of market conditions, and we're going to meet the market week in and week out. And we haven't seen the spring yet, which is the biggest driver of our full-year margin and where we land for the year in terms of gross margins, obviously. So as you alluded to, there are a lot of moving pieces and a lot of that's going to be dependent on what happens in the spring.  But if we do find ourselves in a market where we have more downward house price pressure, then we'll also be looking to adjust our cost structure at the same time. In a typical downward house price market, we do have the ability to adjust our cost structure, not in perfectly real time, but we're not going to sit there in a vacuum and just reduce home prices and not adjust the other components that go into our business.  So we feel very good. Like I said earlier, where we're starting from, a 25.1% exit rate in Q4 to weather whatever the year looks like and to continue to maximize returns.
David Auld: In closing, our results and position reflect our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, and broad geographic footprint across 118 markets. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and loan leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to meet changing market conditions and continue aggregating market share.  We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, while consistently returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases.  Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and our work. Due to your efforts, we just completed our 22nd consecutive year as the largest and strongest builder in the United States, and we look forward to working together to improve our operations and provide homeownership opportunities to more American families during 2024.  With my transition to executive vice chair, this will be my last public earnings call. It has been an honor and a privilege to represent and report on the D.R. Horton team's remarkable efforts for the past 10 years.  Thank you all again. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: Ken, I was going to try to stay off this Q&A. Everything – you go back 45-year history, the goal of the company is to be the low-cost provider of affordable housing and create opportunities for first-time homebuyers to get in a home. And everything we've done through those years has been to position the company a little bit better and a little bit stronger. And the awakening of 2008, 2009 and 2010, I think, created a discipline in operations that made the transition from margin to return pretty much an industry standard today. You listen to other builder calls and everybody is talking about returns, cash flow, deleveraging and derisking their land pipeline. I don't see that changing. The industry has matured, the market share consolidation by the publics, the difficulty of putting lots on the ground, the difficulty of building houses, restrictions on capital, all of those things are forcing a discipline on the industry and allowing the – what I think the national builders to gain market share quarter after quarter after quarter after quarter. So our internal focus is going to continue to be project by project, driving improvements to efficiency, simplifying product, making it – even as overall individual component price increases, the availability of housing to the first-time homebuyer continues to be there. So that's our goal. That's all we think about every day.  And I think, earlier, somebody said something about sustainable. Everything we do, if it's not sustainable, we leave it in the trash pile and move on. So scalable, sustainable, consistent, and transparent. That's this team that's built alignment throughout our company, and I don't see that changing. Paul will do things differently than I do. He's taller than I am. That's a good thing. Coming down the ladder, I feel very good about the position we're in. Never been as well-positioned as a company.
David Auld: Mike, I'm pretty optimistic. We've never been positioned to execute from a product location, lot supply and have gained efficiency through the last two or three years that I think we'll continue on. So I think 2024 is going to be a good year given a lack of some catastrophic event. So it's just – ultimately, in this business, it's about who can produce houses the most efficient at the lower cost and drive the best returns. And we have never been positioned as a company to do that better than we are right now.
Bill Wheat: The second half of the fiscal year, we had a little more relative stability in the rate environment, and so we were able to level off our incentives really in Q3 and Q4. We also then had a little bit of price traction that allowed our average sales price to tick up just a tad in the fourth quarter. And then really, one of the biggest benefits was we did see continued improvement in lumber costs. And so, our overall stick and brick costs on our homes came down in the quarter. We do think we basically realized the majority of that lumber cost benefit in the near term and within the more recent rise in interest rates and the use of incentives. That's why we're guiding down for Q1, but we had some benefits that supported the increase in gross margin in Q4.
Bill Wheat: We are able with our improved cycle times. We are seeing improved inventory turns and our assumption next year is that we will see some further improvement in cycle times and inventory turns. So we are able to operate with a relatively lower level of homebuilding inventory. However, we're also guiding to a volume increase. And so, I don't necessarily expect an absolute decrease in our homes and inventory, but we do expect to be turning it faster. So that's definitely a contributing factor to the cash flow.
Bill Wheat: Or it's just an improvement in our turns of our land assets. So, yes, primarily from profits that's resulting from the improved turns.
Bill Wheat: Well, the way we're running our business, the way we underwrite our land deals, that's our focus, with our focus on purchasing finished lots and as many deals as we can. Yes, our goal would be to keep that return on inventory in the homebuilding business as high as we can. And so, definitely, mid- to high 20s is a good level for us. It does fluctuate with where gross margins are. So we've been coming down off of some of the peak gross margins we saw last year, but definitely mid to high 20s is a level that we're striving to achieve.
Bill Wheat: Mike, sticks, and bricks, we've been – the last couple of quarters have been seeing the benefit of lower lumber costs. However, across most other cost categories, in the vertical construction costs, we are still seeing modest inflation. So on a year-over-year basis in the quarter, our stick and brick costs were down 3.5% on a per square foot basis. But our lot costs were up 11%. So we're seeing more inflation in our lot costs. And so, as we look forward into fiscal 2024, we would expect to continue to see inflation in our lot costs as land moves through and development cost inflation continues. And I think we would still expect to still see some modest inflation in some of the other stick and brick categories. There has been some recent moderation in lumber costs. As we move through 2024, we'd expect to see some benefit from. But overall, I think we still expect costs to show moderate inflation. As far as price appreciation with the current rate environment, the volatility and the recent rise in rates, we're not expecting any price appreciation. Our base case would probably expect a little bit of downward pressure on prices. And as we've already talked about, we are using higher incentives going into the first part of the year.  Now rate environment can change. Strength of the market can change as we go into the spring, and so we'll adjust depending on what we see in the market as we get further into the year.
Bill Wheat: It's been the goal of ours to consistently repurchase shares over time and grow that over time. And so, this is just another step in that progression. And in the business, as we see I'd say, increased visibility and confidence in our ability to generate cash flow into fiscal 2024. That's given us a little more certainty around being able to guide a little more specifically to that growth than we have in the past.  As Mike said earlier, a year ago, we were concerned about our production capacity and how quickly we could actually deliver homes. We have more certainty around that today. And so, with that, that gives us more visibility around our cash flow. And so, repurchases, dividends, distributions to shareholders are an important part of our of our capital allocation. And so, as we're guiding to $3 billion of homebuilding cash flow with $1.5 billion of that going to share repurchase, another $400 million going to dividends, that's obviously a very important part of our capital allocation.
Bill Wheat: That is our current run rate. It has been inflecting a bit higher. It reflects several things. Obviously, land prices time over a number of years have increased incrementally. But we've also seen significant inflation in development costs and all that includes in that, whether it's the infrastructure costs themselves along with costs from government permits and regulations and requirements there as well as lengthening the time of development. The development time lines have lengthened dramatically, which then adds to, obviously, the costs associated with it. So there has been pretty strong inflation across really all of our markets on lots getting developed. And there's still a shortage of lots out there in the market for builders as well. And so, that is our current run rate. Whether that's going to accelerate further or whether we might see some moderation over time, I don't think we have visibility to that, but we do still expect to see probably stronger lot cost inflation than our other inflation in our stick and brick costs as we go in 2024.
Bill Wheat: As we did comment earlier, our pipeline of multifamily deals is growing, and we expect higher deliveries on multifamily. So I do expect our investments on the multifamily side of rental to show an increase in fiscal 2024. The single-family side, I think, is uncertain as to whether that will grow or not. It's going to – we're evaluating that in market conditions and where the rate environment is, as Mike and Paul commented earlier, but do expect some offset on the multifamily side.
Michael Murray: I think you summed it up pretty well, John. I think we see higher incentives coming forward with the rapid rise in interest rates through the last six weeks or so. A little bit of moderation last week, which was helpful, but one week doesn't make a trend, I don't think. And we do sell a significant number of the homes we closed in the quarter during that quarter. I think for the fourth quarter, 39% of our closings were sold in the quarter. So we're at a pretty real-time indication of margins in the business as it comes through.
Michael Murray: Don't probably have a good breakdown of deliveries by market, stratified by market size or recent entrants, but we do expect to see probably a rotation to smaller home footprints and introduction of smaller plans where we can get municipality approvals. Again, just to maintain the affordability, I think we will see that we're going to continue to roll with starts, but the compressed cycle times that we've gotten out of our construction process is going to allow us to deliver a lot more homes on fewer homes carried in inventory at any given quarter end date.
Michael Murray: This is Mike. Just following on with that is that our lot position is very strong right now. We own 50,000 lots that are finished, and there's obviously more that are in the controlled portion of our portfolio, that – as we see the market unfold for the year, we will be able to accelerate starts to meet any increased demand.  Coming into 2023, we saw a rate spike at the end 2022 and we were a little concerned about the year and the outlook we gave last year at this time. And the team stepped up and delivered a great year in fiscal 2023 and against that backdrop. So positioning for conservatism in the year, but always are – have a desire to grow and to grow in that double-digit level.
Michael Murray: I think we will see probably margins compress a bit on those multifamily sales just if interest rates have come up and cap rates tend to come up. The question of how much supply is out there is really specific to a given project in a given submarket that that project serves. And our team has done a great job of looking at those submarkets when we made the decision to move forward with the projects, cognizant of what was available in the marketplace, both ahead of us and behind us from a supply perspective. So we feel pretty good about being able to deliver into a healthy demand environment. We're still seeing good lease-ups in our rental properties, in line with expectations. So we're very encouraged by that.
Michael Murray: We're going to operate the neighborhoods, but focused on return as usual, Alan, and it's going to be a pace and a price conversation continually. And the rates buy-downs, the incentives that we offer, it's just part of the mix of the cost environment that we deal with. And while we've seen some nice relief in the stick and brick cost, we have had some price pressure on other sides of it, but fuel prices have come down. That should give us a little bit of relief across a pretty broad spectrum of commodities as well as delivery costs. So it's a constant give-and-take on the cost and the margins. And our primary focus and guiding star is returns.
Michael Murray: I think our buyers are focused primarily on affordability. And for us, the way we deliver that affordability is through the monthly payment process. And that's obviously been a big driver for the rate buydowns, but also introducing smaller product footprints. De-amenitizing some of the homes a bit and letting people do things to improve their homes after the closing when their financial position perhaps has changed and they can afford a little more. But it's continuing to hit a price point relative to median income, so that we can find a place to work in that family's budget.
Michael Murray: I think 12 months ago, we were facing two big issues. We were still trying to solve the production supply chain challenges and our cycle times were very elongated. So we had a hard time determining exactly what homes we're going to finish and deliver. And that was also a big interaction with the rate buy-down process because we can only buy rates down for certain forward amount of time in a cost-effective manner, and so being able to pinpoint when those homes would deliver into the buy-down environment.  You touched on the second point with the rates. Yes, we start facing some rate uncertainty and increases, but we have been able to manage through that over the past 12 months, and the team has delivered a really strong year.
Michael Murray: The strategic value of the platform for us to be a very good multifamily developer is significant as a land user. Being a residential developer, we've done that for a long time. And now going into the multifamily development side, we become a better buyer of land parcels and a better partner for land sellers. And so, strategically, it's a business we're going to stay in, going to continue to scale that business, but we will be opportunistic and responsive to market conditions with what we do.
Michael Murray: Sort of be across the board. It's going to vary significantly by market and what the interest rate environment was at the time we made the acquisition. So it's hard to pin it down to any one cap rate or even a relevant range. Because like with many expectations over the life of the project, from cost and rental side, there's a lot of actuals prove different than the assumptions we made that come out. And so, fortunately, we've been able to see some really strong execution by the teams and picking good projects and executing well on those projects, and that's showing up in the results. And we're just going to try to keep working in that direction. But it's hard for me to give you a number of what a ballpark cap rate was at the time we did a pro forma on a deal and when we decided to go forward with it.
Michael Murray: Within the build-to-rent portfolio, we have a lot of optionality at various points in the development phases of those projects. As we start development, as we plan, vertical product, start construction, and then decide at the point we're ready with homes, do we go to rent or go to lease, go to rent or go to sale on those, so we can respond almost in real time to what the market is and not take a long duration risk on that asset.
Paul Romanowski: The average rate can move quite a bit through the quarter, but we tend to stay about 1 to 1.25 points below market at any given time. And today, we're offering on an FHA government loans, roughly in the 5.99% rate and, on a conventional 6.25%, which is right in that range of 1.25, 1.5 below today.
Paul Romanowski: About 60% of our total closings are used with some form of a rate buy-down. And so, a big percentage of – and the most successful incentive we have seen has been to impact that monthly cost of homeownership through some form of rate buy down.
Paul Romanowski: We are still seeing strong interest, Carl, from the institutional investors that are out there. As you mentioned, the spreads have come in. And we're going to see some volatility in gross margin as we move through this process and move through the markets of higher rates, but still seeing consistent activity. I still feel we are in a great position to be the dominant supplier of single-family rental and continuing to grow our multifamily platform.
Paul Romanowski: As you know, we don't report on sales – forecast on sales, but we are pleased with our sales thus far into October. And you certainly see fluctuations in traffic when we see the kind of moves that we've seen over the last couple of weeks, both up and down in rates. But with our ability to hold stable rates through our interest rate incentives, we've been able to convert pretty consistently with the buyers that we've had out there. But any time you have fluctuations in rates, we're going to see people pause for a period of time until they settle into the reality of what they can afford.
Paul Romanowski: I think anytime you see rates like they have been in the capital markets, a bit in flux, then we're going to see some headwinds from our developers, from less capitalized builders. And it will create some opportunities, but we feel like we've got a good plan and open communications with our vendors, our trades and our lot suppliers to continue to work through those processes.
Paul Romanowski: Well, the team that's at the table is a team that was at the table last quarter last year and the prior several. We have a great position and are aligned as a company, not just from this group, but with our regional leadership and our division leadership. And we have continued to focus on returns community by community. And we have the benefit now of a wider footprint across the geographic area that we've expanded on, which is going to continue to provide strength for us and supply as we continue to expand in those markets. So the short version is we feel really good about where we are. I don't feel the need to put a stamped footprint or fingerprint on something unique and different because we have a strong team and a great operation in play, and a good playbook that we are executing on every day.
Paul Romanowski: No, I don't expect that to skew. Ken, we continue to build our developer partnerships in all markets. And I would expect that, over time, you'll continue to see a rise, not a reduction in the number of lots we buy fully developed as we derisk our balance sheet and our lot pipeline.
Paul Romanowski: We are watching it closely, and we continue to be in the market with stabilized assets. And we just like – as we sell homes, we watch the market closely, look at what demand is and what that pricing is. We don't intend to continue to hang on to stuff and significantly increase our balance sheet. So while we're indicating that we may see some choppiness in margins as we flow through this market, but we still feel good about the demand that's out there, we feel good about our position and the platform and intend to continue to grow the platform and be positioned to do so, but we'll watch it closely in the coming quarters and adjust accordingly.
Paul Romanowski: It's about 60% of our buyers are utilizing some type of rate buy-down and a fair chunk of those – I don't have specific numbers – almost all are permanent 30-year buy-down.
Paul Romanowski: And we have been very conservative in our underwriting and expectations for our single-family rental business and making sure that we feel good about it as a for-sale position as well as a for-rent, and underwriting it to the lowest of those guidelines for our operators, so that we aren't stretching on cap rates that are all driven potentially by interest environment.
Paul Romanowski: Thanks, Tom. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in January to share our first quarter results.  I would like to thank David for his leadership, guidance, and support throughout my career. Our company has produced remarkable results during his tenure as CEO, and he has positioned us for continued success. To the D.R. Horton team, thank you for your incredible efforts in fiscal 2023. We are well-positioned heading into the new year, and I look forward to everything we will accomplish together in fiscal 2024.
