Donald Tomnitz: We continue to focus on the fundamentals of our business, bringing homes to the market at the right price points, controlling finished lots, closely monitoring our home and spec inventory in relation to our sales, further reducing our SG&A costs, maintaining our strong balance sheet and cash balances. Although our 47% sequential increase in sales reflected traditional seasonal demand, for us to see significant sales growth, we need to see sustained improvements in the overall economy, the jobs landscape and consumer confidence.  As we mentioned earlier, we are excited by the prospect of our closings and pretax profitability being higher in the second half of fiscal 2011 than on the first half. Thank you to all of our D.R. Horton employees for continuing to work hard and navigate through a difficult homebuilding environment. We appreciate all of you. This concludes our prepared remarks. We'll host any questions you now have.
Donald Tomnitz: I think clearly we adjust as the market adjusts. Before the downturn, we clearly were selling a bigger percentage of second-time homes as well as first-time homes. But my percentage changes. Last quarter 55% of our homes that we closed were first-time homes, and we've made a conscious effort in a number of our markets to move up into the move-up buyer market simply because we see more demand in that market. And we see a lot of fragmented builders in that market, primarily small, medium-sized builders across the country, some public, some private. But we see a great opportunity in that move up segment at this point in time so we're beginning to expand that portion of our business.
Donald Tomnitz: Clearly, what I've said before on previous conference calls is we plan on being a land-light company moving forward. We've rewritten our underwriting guidelines. Currently, we're looking for a return of our capital that we invest in land and lots of somewhere between 12 to 18 months. We're certainly not interested in 5-year projects any longer in this company. And we continue to work with sellers, developers as well as banks in terms of working on option deals. So one of our goals has been, and we've executed very well on this, and our goal going forward will continue to be to aggressively increase our flag counts as we look at various parts of the country. And the way that we've continued to focus on doing that is do option contracts with sellers.
Donald Tomnitz: Frankly, we are proud of the fact that our incentives remained low this time and if you look at our 60 basis point increase in gross margin, 50 basis points of that was from the fact that our incentives stayed flat.
Donald Tomnitz: On a go-forward basis though, I believe that as we move into the third and fourth quarters, obviously, we're very competitive out there and we have a game plan to sell and close x number of units. We're hopeful that our gross margins will remain solid as we move into the third and fourth quarter, but we don't know. It's to be determined. And it's really going to be based upon what our competition does out there. One of the things that adversely affects our gross margins today is just the competitors around us from time to time dropping their prices significantly and us having to adjust our prices. We've been consistently trying to hold our gross margins where they are, and I think we've done a very good job of it. The one very important fact that we were talking about before the conference call that everybody needs to know about is that we closed a larger percent of completed homes this quarter than we have in the past 3 or 4 quarters and our gross margins held very well. So we're extremely proud of that, and it's freshened up our inventory.
Donald Tomnitz: Part of that has to do with how tough we're negotiating out there also because obviously, we're looking for a good return on our underwriting criteria. So as a result, sometimes we think we're going to make a deal and we don't make a deal. So it just all depends.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, as the underwriting criteria continues to change, our buyers continue to find the increased down payment. They have figured out how to qualify for the loans. I think our Homebuyers Club has helped our first-time homebuyers immensely. Our mortgage company has a very successful, what we call HBC, Homebuyers Club. And we're helping people understand what it takes to have a good credit rating and a good FICO score. And those people are increasingly contributing more and more to our sales. So I think irrespective of what happens, I think that we're dealing with it as it changes from day-to-day.
Donald Tomnitz: Anywhere we can make a 20% gross margin, Dan. And Frankly, clearly, there are a number of places, Texas continues to be a strong market for us and the Carolinas, as well as at Las Vegas we're continuing to add communities and also in the state of Florida. So those are our primary areas that we're focusing on today.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, as I said clearly, we're excited about the prospect that our profitability levels and closings will be higher in the second half of fiscal year '11 than the first half. In general though, as we look forward over the next 2 to 3 years, we don't expect a significant improvement in the demand because clearly one of the things that drives demand in our business the most is job growth, and we're not seeing the kind of job growth that I think will increase our sales dramatically. So we're preparing the company, as we have over the last 3 to 4 years in of this downturn. We think this is the fifth year of the downturn for us. We're continuing to have a muted outlook going forward. And we want to have an extraordinarily strong balance sheet and continue to keep a conservative approach to the business. We don't see much reason to take any big risk out there on the land and lot side or with the housing side today relative to what we see coming forward in the next 2 or 3 years, contrary to a number of our competitors.
Donald Tomnitz: I think the homebuilding industry over the next 2 to 3 years will be very similar to what it has been for this year with the potential for slight improvements, but not significant improvements.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, clearly, we're spec-ed up, as I would say, for the selling season. I think we've had a reasonably good selling season. Clearly, a 47% increase sequentially in our sales was an extraordinarily, was a good accomplishment. Although as we look back, and we're talking before the conference call, it pretty much was in the range of our second quarter increase in sales over our first quarter sales over the last 4, 5 or 6 years, so we didn't get a huge pop but we got what was a traditional pop for us in the second quarter. Clearly, as we move into Q3 and Q4, we bring our inventory down and then we build our inventory back up for the selling season typically in January and February. So I would say our specs will be coming down over the course of the next 2 quarters and our inventory will also.
Donald Tomnitz: As I said earlier, we're hopeful that our gross margins hold over the course of the next 2, 3 quarters. And we believe they will. I don't think they'll drop dramatically so I think that we're looking at pretty stable gross margins going forward. Our SG&A clearly was a disappointment to us this quarter, but in our own defense, we at the corporate office want to continue to support our divisions and our regions who had a higher closing number budgeted than what we internally thought they could achieve. But we wanted to support them and we didn't want to tell that they couldn't achieve what they thought they could achieve. As it became clear that their expectations were greater than what the market was going to give them, we clearly began cutting our SG&A. And I can tell you as of 2 weeks ago, we had our 4 regional presidents in and they have specific SG&A caps that they have to hit and they're going to be at by 4/30. And we're comfortable that our SG&A in the second half of the year will be dramatically lower than what it was in the first half of the year.
Donald Tomnitz: We are anticipating, trying to achieve that. I think it's going to be nip and tuck. But our goal for the year, for the full fiscal year is to be profitable.
Donald Tomnitz: I'll tell you what we clearly see, and as I've mentioned before for the last 2 or 3 years, Don Horton and I have been on the road all the time, and when D.R. was on the road probably 6 months ago going through some of our divisions, he said, "Gee, why are we letting this builder take this segment of the market, and we're not competing against them?" And from a cost perspective, we believe that we can deliver a house in the move-up segment much more cost effectively and offer more competitive sales price than the competition. And as I said earlier, a number of those competitors were small- and medium-sized builders, a lot of them nonpublic builders and so as a result by being in the field, we identified a segment of the market that we believe that we can exploit much more competitively than our competition. So as a result we're moving in that direction in as many divisions as where that market is characterized by what we saw in Texas.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, first of all, there's no easy competition out there today. And the lots are not any less expensive and there's not any less competition for the lots. It's just a function of the fact that there are buyers in that segment of the market who have, all of a sudden, said, "Gee, I may not be able to sell my house for x, I've had it on the market for a while but I can sell it for 90% of x. I've been in my house for 20 years and I'm not negative. I'm not under water on my mortgage and I'd like to have a new home and I can afford that new home." And so as a result, there are buyers out there who can sell their home and move up. So as a result, I think that's the part of the market that we're focusing on: dominating entry-level portion of our business but we want to add the move-up market to increase our market share across the country.
Donald Tomnitz: Okay. Well, clearly, the tragedies in Texas, which has had millions of acres burned and a number of dwelling units be lost and then what's happened in Alabama and Mississippi and places like that, our prayers are with those people. As far as being adversely affected in terms of our subdivisions, we have not. And clearly as homes have been destroyed, the positive for our business is, is that there are opportunities for us to rebuild homes for those people who have lost their homes and some of those communities' people would move out of and move into communities that weren't destroyed where our subdivisions are located. So generally speaking, I see no negatives associated with our financials and I do see some opportunities for us to help people get into homes who have lost their homes.
Donald Tomnitz: Yes, both parts of it. And one of the things I really want to impress upon people is we continue to drive the cost of our homes down, and that's one of the advantages that we have in the market because obviously we're able to offer a more competitively priced unit. So is there as much on the table with our vendors and our suppliers as what there was 4 years ago, 3 years ago? No, there is not. We just had a board meeting and that similar question was asked, but there are still those opportunities. And as we continue to be the largest builder in the U.S. for the ninth consecutive year and we have higher inventory levels out there and typically have more specs per community than other builders, it provides us a great opportunity to work with our vendors and our suppliers, who obviously are looking for volume themselves and our starts provide them that opportunity of higher volume. And they're looking for business just as we're looking for business and what we're finding is we're getting very competitively priced both products and materials and labor.
Donald Tomnitz: It's a day-to-day battle as I told our Board and yes, it is. There are opportunities out there but the opportunities are out there for those who ask. And as D.R. has quoted many times in this company, "You'll never know till you ask", and we continue to ask because we don't know if we can get our prices lower but it's our goal to get them lower.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, I think it's going to be difficult in terms of land value simply because right now most of the raw land doesn't have much value relative to the development cost and then that related to the finished lot cost. So I think that clearly today, we are in a preferred buyer of developers and banks simply because we continue to be the largest builder and we're starting more inventory and selling more homes and closing more homes than anyone else in the industry. I think there's no question that going forward that it'll become more competitive as we chew through the finished lot supply in this country. And I will say this, we have a commitment in this company that today we want our capital that we invest in land back in 12 to 18 months. Do I see that increasing? I see that increasing slightly, but we have a firm commitment that we are not going to go long on land and to the extent that we need to go and tie up lots from a developer, we're going to be a lot better off to find an investor to hold anything that doesn't meet our underwriting criteria at the time, simply because we'd prefer not to have it on our books and we would rather achieve a lower gross margin on Phase 2 of a 400-lot project, if we feel only comfortable with the first 200 lots.
Donald Tomnitz: Day-to-day, subdivision-by-subdivision analysis, contract-by-contract that the salespeople bring into their sales manager, clearly there's a point at which we don't want to go below in every community. But it's a community-by-community basis. I believe that if you look at our impairments and where we've got our land on our books today going forward, that added with over 50% of our closings are coming from new deals that we've added since 2009. We'll reiterate that I feel like that our margins, where they are today, are sustainable over the next couple quarters.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, let's back up. We're very proud of the quarter that we just turned in, in terms of our sales, our closings on a sequential basis in particular. And most importantly, we're sitting on 5,261 units in backlog and our backlog is larger than it was at the beginning of the year, which I think if you apply our traditional percentage of our backlog closed in an ensuing quarter, you'll find that we're in a wonderful position, I think, for Q3 and Q4 to have the prospects of having more closings and higher profitability. Our SG&A is clearly a disappointment, but it was our own fault because we wanted to continue to support our divisions based upon their budgets based upon what they thought they could do in the first half of the year. When we clearly saw that they were not going to be able to achieve that, this company's been built on the lowest SG&A in the industry and we’ve cut our SG&A and we believe that we will be substantially lower in the second half than the first half. You did say that can we come in under...
Donald Tomnitz: The only thing we count, and I know people sometimes scoop us for this but traffic is not as important as what percentage of people walking through the door that we close. So the real issue is we really count sales and closings. And our sales and closings for the second quarter were up dramatically. And we think that our sales and closings will be good through the Q3 and Q4.
Donald Tomnitz: And clearly, inventory will be coming back in the second half of the year so obviously, that ought to be a positive to our cash flows.
Donald Tomnitz: Clearly, right now we're happy with managing our own business, and we don't have any interest in M&A activity at this point in time.
Donald Tomnitz: Yes, there have been a number of builders, who've just basically said, "I'm going to get out of the home building business, do you want to buy my subdivision or my lot position?" And most of the time we've been able to buy those from them on an option basis as opposed to cashing out the builder because certainly, we don't need any additional employees from that builder nor any additional land on our books. So the preferred way is just to slowly but surely working out of his position or her position.
Donald Tomnitz: Yes, I don't think there's a big difference. I mean, clearly, most of the subdivisions out there we think are in the entry-level portion of the business and it's all tied specifically, and frankly, to the banks determining what asset they're going to sell when. And some of them are moving move-up subdivisions, some of them are moving entry level subdivisions. But then it gets back to truly, what is it in that particular locale because what's move-up in Seattle is not move-up in San Antonio, Texas.
Donald Tomnitz: And just to be clear, we're talking about with the previous caller, we are absolutely confident that our SG&A for the second half of the year is going to come in at under $450 million.
Donald Tomnitz: We're not really finding a shortage of finished lots in any of our markets currently. In fact, we have more opportunities in those markets than we're actually contracting for and it affords us the opportunity to push for a good lot price in order to enhance our gross margins to meet our underwriting guidelines. The other thing, as I've noticed this year, is that there are more and more banks are actually dealing with their foreclosed assets and a couple of the banks we have been working with for several years, who we haven't gotten very many deals from, are all of a sudden now we're contracting with those banks. So I'm optimistic that there are still plenty of assets out there. Finished lots that banks are holding that are working their way through the system such that we can continue to supplement our lot position. And don't forget, we're still, by virtue of our size and by virtue of what a big percentage we are of each one of our markets, we are definitely the preferred buyer in each one of these markets.
Donald Tomnitz: Absolutely. And as we keep reiterating to everyone is, is that by virtue of keeping more specs than the typical builder does in a subdivision, largely because of the fact that we don't spend as much advertising dollars as many other builders because we rely upon our relationship with realtors to sell those homes more so than a lot of our competition, yes, without a doubt, we continue to add lots.
Donald Tomnitz: I can tell you, we're turning our inventory faster than we've ever turned it and if you take a look at our construction cycle times today, they are shorter than they've been for many, many years. So as a result, I don't think that we slow our conversion at all and we're not talking about building McMansions, we're talking about building second-time homes, which are slightly bigger with a few more amenities in them than our entry level homes. So it's pretty much the same product, little bit larger, a few more amenities. So it's not a new entry for us at all. We've done this before in the past. We've always had a portion of it as our business, as our core business. We're just increasing it as a portion of our core business.
Donald Tomnitz: I think it's pretty much all pretty soft in most parts of the country. And to differentiate between soft, softer and softest, I'm not sure it makes a whole lot of sense. It's just very competitive in each one of our markets out there. Until we see some job growth in all of those, it's soft, softer and softest.
Donald Tomnitz: Let's go back here. The one thing that we want everyone to know and someone has brought up today, we want to make sure that we are telling you exactly what we're seeing out there. Because the last thing we want to do -- we have optimism and we do have optimism for the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. But we don't have a lot of optimism in terms of the next 2 or 3 years being significantly better than what this year is going to be.
Donald Tomnitz: Clearly, it will improve our business. And I see those numbers that are being released. I guess I'm somewhat suspect of those numbers. And it seems like so many of the government numbers are revised from month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. So today, I don't feel warm and fuzzy about the minimal job growth that we've seen. I think we need significantly more job growth. If we're still sitting with the over 8% unemployment rate, your neighbor still doesn't have a job, I also doesn't think that, that incorporates the number of people who have dropped out of the workforce or are looking for a job. So I've read the numbers, where basically our effective unemployment rate is closer to 17% or 18%. So those numbers don't bode well for homebuilding. And those people who are outside the 8%, who are in the 17% or 18%, those people have got to get back in the job market also. So right now, I see minimal effect on our business. If it continues at this pace, it'll help us. But I still ask myself what the real unemployment rate is, how many people are not counted in the 8%.
Donald Tomnitz: Frankly, that deposit has very little to do with our cancellation rate. Most of the time if someone's going to cancel, we typically don't keep their earnest money deposit because it creates a lot of ill will. It's more of a sense of, "Yes, I'm interested in buying this home. Let's go forward and see if we can qualify and close." But it's not a good track record to be confiscating people's earnest money out there.
Donald Tomnitz: And frankly, I would say to you to put a little additional color on it, I think we started the selling season very strong. And I think the selling season is not as strong as what it was at the beginning so that's why we're tempering our expectation of third quarter.
Donald Tomnitz: We thank you for joining us on our call this second quarter. Clearly, we're very excited about our 47% sequential increase in sales and our 5,200-plus homes in backlog because I think that positions us well for Q3 and Q4. Clearly, our SG&A is an issue to us. We've taken the action that's necessary to bring our SG&A in line. As Bill mentioned, our expectation for the second half of the year is to have our SG&A come in for at less than $475 million, which I think will put our SG&A back in line in Q3 and Q4 to more normalized levels. I want to tell all of our salespeople and all other people in the company, we think you've done a good first half of the year. We have tough competition for the second half of the year. We had great sales. We had great sales force sequentially, in the second quarter over the first quarter. Ninth consecutive year in the row that you're the largest builder in America. We're all very proud of that. As I tell all of our salespeople, “Execute the competition and outperform your competitors.” Thank you and good luck.
Bill Wheat: Our underwriting guidelines are the same regardless of the product, so we don't necessarily expect to have a difference in our margins versus move-up versus first-time. But to the extent that in the move-up market a buyer may select more options that provides some additional opportunity for margins versus perhaps the same level on a first-time home. But in general we would expect similar margins.
Bill Wheat: In terms of the margin differential between land in '09 and '10, we're seeing a similar trend to what we saw a quarter ago. I wouldn't characterize the increase in the watch list of about $30 million as being heavily driven by the '09 land purchases. It would be just across the portfolio of our inventory. From a year ago, the watch list is actually down about $100 million, about $90 million. So I wouldn't say it's driven off of the increase most recent quarter off of '09 purchases, no.
Bill Wheat: On a year-over-year basis, our communities are up 20% versus last year. Going forward in the forward quarters, while we continue to plan to aggressively open new communities on a gross basis, what's more difficult to predict is the pace of which older communities will roll off. The demand environment basically sets that. So we would expect and hope to be able to at least hold our community count at current levels. Hopefully continue to increase them incrementally but in terms of holding or giving exact projections on forward community counts, we're not really at a point to be able to do that very well.
Bill Wheat: Yes. The cash flow, there really weren't any one-time cash flow events that occurred this quarter. The use of cash this quarter is entirely attributable to the increase in our homes and inventory during the quarter so it's working capital that we would expect to return as cash inflows in the second half of the year.
Bill Wheat: Well, our gross leverage continues to come down. We're down to around to 42%, I believe, on a gross leverage basis now with the April debt reductions. We have another $106 million that matures in August. We would expect our gross leverage to get down around 40% or maybe slightly lower by the end of the year. We will continue to look in the open market as we have been to see if there are further opportunities to repurchase selective portions of our outstanding debt, that could bring that a bit lower but that's our expectations right now.
Bill Wheat: We've done quite a bit here in April. We have another maturity in August. We have now taken out our 2012 maturity so we don't have anything really due or won't until May of 2013. I would expect we would still incrementally repurchase some additional debt as we find opportunities in the market. Our pace for those opportunities has slowed this year. We've had a little over $60 million each quarter and so I wouldn't expect it to be a lot different than that. Hopefully, we'll still see opportunities to continue at that pace for a few more quarters. It's really a balance and we're balancing our liquidity with our overall balance sheet and with making sure that we still have some capital available to the extent we see opportunities in our business. And so we have a sufficient working capital to keep the homes in inventory that we need to keep when we see the demand and so that's really the considerations that we're considering.
Bill Wheat: The 2 items that we mentioned in our prepared remarks for the sequential increase of $4.3 million were advertising costs related to the spring selling season. Our sequential increase in advertising costs from first quarter to second quarter was a little over $2 million. We would not expect to continue spending that level of advertising going forward post the spring selling season. And the second factor is a little more than $2 million from payroll taxes. And this is a seasonal factor that occurs every year for us. When the calendar year rolls over, any employees whose earnings are higher than the FICO limitations began paying social security tax again. And the company's portion of that begins being paid in the first part of the year. So we always see a sequential increase in our payroll taxes from our December quarter to our March quarter. And those 2 items fully account for the sequential increase in our SG&A. With those seasonal factors, with the actions that we're taking right now throughout our company, we expect that we can reduce our pace of SG&A in the second half of the year and come in below the pace we've showed the first 2 quarters.
Bill Wheat: Well, to the extent when the DTA comes on, I'm not necessarily endorsing your assumption it will come on at year end but to the extent that it does, again, it's non-cash. There's more flexibility on the balance sheet and certainly it puts us in a very strong position when we see opportunities in the market and when we see we feel more comfortable with investing in our business to take advantage of the eventual upturn. It gives us a lot of flexibility. We would have room to increase leverage and have capital to invest in our business at that point.
Bill Wheat: And with our reduction in our debt and our reduction in our leverage, our expectations over the next couple of years is that the impact of the interest on our margin will decline. We will actually see some wind at our backs in terms of improvement in margin from interest over the next couple of years because of the debt reductions we've made.
Bill Wheat: And just to parse it exactly as it will be in Q -- well, actually, we don't talk about sequential in the Q. We had a 60-basis-point improvement; 50 basis points was from core and 10 basis points was from improvements in our interest amortizing through cost of sales.
Bill Wheat: Yes, we've positioned ourselves to compete in this soft market and we are optimistic about our ability to compete as well or better than anyone else and perform as well as we possibly can in a tough market.
Bill Wheat: Yes, it's all of the above. It's our continued work on our vertical construction costs. It's our continued to work on our lot costs as well and the increasing role of new communities. As we bring on more new communities that we've contracted for in the current market, those come in at higher margins from the outset. And so as we continue to work newer communities in that gives us the opportunity to improve margins or if a particular market is declining, at least maintain margins. And so all of those things contribute to the continuing improvement and we would hope to be able to continue to do that. What we don't know is what the market will bring to us.
Bill Wheat: You're right, Adam. We have had years in which the June quarter exceeded the March quarter and we've had years in which the March quarter has exceeded the June quarter so it is certainly possible to be flat or better in our June quarter. We are certainly hopeful that, that will occur, but given really the inconsistency that we see from the week to week and market-to-market today, it's difficult to say for sure if our June quarter will exceed our March quarter. But we're certainly hopeful it will.
Stacey Dwyer: The year-over-year percentage increase is probably going to trend down a little bit, Michael. Because we had a pretty good jump from our March quarter to our June quarter in terms of active selling communities last year.
Stacey Dwyer: That's right. It's really moved in line with our total inventory. And while our total specs moves up, as a percentage of our inventory, they've actually decreased this quarter down to 52% from the mid-50s, right around 55% last quarter.
Stacey Dwyer: We have bought several divisions, though, from smaller builders or smaller developers rather than buying a builder in its entirety.
Stacey Dwyer: And as Bill mentioned, we expect to be closer to 40% in terms of gross leverage by the end of the year and that's a really comfortable level for us in terms of gross leverage.
Stacey Dwyer: And one of the thing’s, I think historically, we've been more willing to do than some other builders that would get very small lot positions. Whether it's 20 lots or 30 lots, we don't rule them out simply because it's a smaller position.
Stacey Dwyer: I think it's definitely a combination. The year ago comp is going be the largest reason out of those. Incrementally in there as we have had some of our older communities that were larger roll off, we have been replacing them with smaller, newer communities. And then we did open communities during this quarter that are probably not producing sales force just yet that should kick in, in future quarters.
Stacey Dwyer: It's also at somewhat a typical percentage, either dollar amount or percentage by market. And if we were to go outside the norm and require much more money upfront, that could actually put us at a disadvantage in terms of selling.
