Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2019. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our Web site at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-Q early next week. After this call, we will post an investor presentation and supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News & Events for your reference. The supplementary data relates to our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margin, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: We did guide to the lower gross margin particularly related to the choppiness in Q1, so the 19 to 19.5 for Q2 is because of what we saw in the market in Q1. But we are optimistic that we’ll find a good pace in the spring and begin to see some level of margin stability as we move forward throughout the year.
Jessica Hansen: To start with the latter and then I’m sure David will also chime in on incentives and margins and his commentary on that, Steve, but any incentive we offer essentially shows up in our home sales gross margins. So whether it be a price reduction, which would impact revenue or any of the myriad of things you just looked at, those would all flow through cost of sales.
Jessica Hansen: The very short answer is the very early signs, because it is still early, the very early signs for spring are good.
Jessica Hansen: I think that might be a reasonable take but it’s not something we’re counting on or really have expectations for as it relates to the current government shutdown. Fortunately that’s been relatively minimal on our business and we’re keeping a close eye on the guidance day-to-day. But really it’s impacted USDA which for us is a very low-single digit percentage of our business, it’s less than 2% generally of what we’ve been running including this quarter. So our mortgage company is doing a great job of managing our backlog accordingly. But other than USDA and as you mentioned government employees who aren’t getting a paycheck today, there’s still ways to work around that from an income verification and the different types of things you have to do. Could it be a modest help down the road? Maybe, but not something we’re really worried about right now or relying on being a big uptick.
Jessica Hansen: We continue to focus first on returns, so we’re going to continue to make adjustments community-by-community to drive the best possible return and the margin really is just what that drives based on hitting the best return on a community-by-community level. So we do still think of maintaining our consistent production and sales pace is going to drive not only the best returns but the best margins and particularly pre-tax margins. So we did end up at the low end of our range. I would tell you that October and November and December even though November and December got better, still were weaker than we expected. And so we did give up some margins to find that sales pace again, as David indicated. But typically once you can get back to a consistent sales pace that’s the best way to find stability in your gross margin.
Jessica Hansen: Typically about a 200 basis point differential between call it a pre-sell or a build job versus a standing spec. Now then it also depends on the age of the spec. So the way you could see even more of a gross margin differential is if we had a completed spec that has been sitting and unsold. But the vast majority for a period of time – the vast majority of what we’re selling and closing in the same quarter is very timely and so it’s only about that 200 basis point differential.
Jessica Hansen: And that’s analysis community by community, homes and finished lots that can still deliver a home on this year. It’s better positioned than each of the last few years.
Jessica Hansen: So, Mike, it is a sequential improvement particularly in January which is what we would normally see with traditional seasonality. But to be specific about November and December, our October sales were down on a year-over-year basis. Our November and December sales were both up on a year-over-year basis. Then as we move into January what we’ve referred to is really just traditional seasonality in terms of week to week improvement in sales. It’s too early still. We’ve got a lot of January left to give a full read on what January looks like.
Jessica Hansen: Nothing real noticeable other than the lumber cost that we have already talked about that will still be a headwind in Q2 but then should be more of a tailwind going forward. You typically hear us talk about our stick and brick costs on a per square footage basis. So on a year-over-year basis, our stick and brick costs were up just a little over 4% and our revenues were just slightly behind that, which was some of our margin issue. Sequentially, our revenues per square foot were essentially flat and our stick and brick costs were up about 2%.
Jessica Hansen: No. We track that very closely as it’s something that did cause a big impact last cycle that we’re very cognizant of. So we have limited sales to investors that are essentially one-off. In individual communities, we don’t do any big bulk sales transactions to investors. We really want to focus on the for-sale, live-in-the-house part of the business and to keep our communities in good shape.
Jessica Hansen: Almost 80% this quarter I believe. It traditionally runs right in the 70% to 80% range very tightly. There’s some seasonality to it.
David Auld: In closing, my results reflect the strength of our long-tenured and well-established operating platforms across the country. We are striving to be the leading builder in America in each of our markets and to expand our industry leading market share. We are focused on consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits generating strong cash flows and returns and maintaining a flexible financial position. We are well positioned to do so with our conservative balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offering across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position, and most importantly our outstanding experienced team across the country. We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work. We look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations throughout 2019. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: John, we have. We’re feeling better and better as we progress into the spring selling season. Week-to-week we’re seeing a little better sales, little better traffic. And really the last couple of weeks we’ve been happy.
David Auld: John, just to build on that a little bit, we are very confident. The job growth numbers, the overall economy comes down to positioning and having the right house in front of the people that are out there trying to buy. So we’re working very hard on that. And we do not believe that this is a great demise of housing. We believe that it’s going to be a good year.
David Auld: Steve, I feel like there was more pressure on the incentive side to try to get the pace reestablished in November than it was in December and even less so in January. It really – to me it comes down to taking advantage of the traffic that coming in the door. And as more traffic comes in, you got to be a little less aggressive to hit the targets. Because we’ve been planning a long time, but we really do look at it subdivision by subdivision, market by market against a plan that incorporates sale starts and closings to maximize some kind of return.
David Auld: I can tell you we haven’t seen – I don’t know if we’ve seen a month-over-month or year-over-year down number in a long time.
David Auld: And I can tell you, Stephen, the market is performing I would say pretty much as we expected, maybe a little better given the first quarter. So it is – you got to get on budget, you got to keep the community on plan. When you get on budget, it’s easier to maintain it than it is to create it. Creating momentum is always more difficult than maintaining it. So it’s my expectation that it’s going to be a little easier to get people on contract through this spring if it continues. The big debate is a lot of things happen in the market as far as politically, as far as internationally. We take the rates rising in conjunction with cost rising created affordability issues. And coming out of a higher fiscal 2018 and it’s kind of the combination of two people paused or became choppier, whatever term you want to call it. They weren’t buying houses. So we’ve seen the market come back. If you talk to Don Horton he’d tell you it’s better than he thought it was going to be. I can tell you it’s pretty much what I expected. But I’m always been more optimistic than Don Horton. I don’t know if that helps or not.
David Auld: I will say, Stephen, government’s a huge part of the economy now and the shutdown is going to have ripple effects throughout all the industries. And yes, you just look at consumer confidence and when you have lack of ability to work together at that level, you see confidence coming down which is a big part of our – that’s a big part of our business. People got to be confident to buy a home. Again, it just adds to the kind of uncertainty about committing to a number out there in the future today. But if it gets settled, I think it will be a very positive impact or when it gets settled.
David Auld: Yes. Carl, as far as markets go, we’re still very, very happy. We have the concentration assets in Texas, Florida and the Carolinas. Those have been solid markets. They continue to be solid markets. And don’t see any change in the future really. Upside surprise, markets have seemed to be performing better from our standpoint. I’ll tell you the Utah market has been somewhat of a pleasant surprise. We’ve spent a lot of time positioning there. We’ve got a long term with the company, very focused operator running that market and he has positioned us incredibly well. So very happy with that. It’s probably going to be a record year for us in Utah this year. California continues to be soft. Chicago continues to be soft. I do think we are very well positioned in both California and in Chicago with the markets we got. And our operators there I think are doing are better job than at any time I’ve ever seen in this company. So again, it’s people, product and price and you get them aligned and you can have good markets, you can have bad markets. Our goal is to outperform any market. So that’s what we focus on. That’s what we get up every day trying to do.
David Auld: I will say we are at the level every quarter of every year irrespective of whatever the market is. Our goal is to enhance the value of our shares for our shareholders and we do that by making money and being very conscious of the fact that capital is a precious commodity.
David Auld: The guys that probably are most vulnerable to that are the people that put contracted land to our competitors and our competitors are not in a position to take close it. We are – I’m not going to say we’re punitive to somebody coming back with a deal they didn’t sell us the first time, but we are punitive to sellers coming back with – really didn’t sell us work on.
David Auld: I can tell you it’s a choppy – this is not a market where you’re going to see huge revaluations. It’s choppy. I think the way we positioned our focus on operations over the last – since the downturn, started coming out of the downturn has put us at a position to operate pretty well, outperform the industry in pretty much any market. And I’m not going to tell you we’re excited about a market that could be correcting, but we’re certainly not scared of it. So we’re going to continue to build, close houses and drive returns across the country.
David Auld: For the last couple of years going into the spring selling season we had planned on having more houses coming out of the ground and more lots available to start houses on. This year we are better positioned to hit the plan than we have been at any point in the last four, five, six years. So I do think – when Bill talks about positioning, we are very happy with the way we’re positioned and believe that we will be able to drive absorptions and generate very high returns.
David Auld: And if you look at our ASP, there is still a tremendous amount of demand at the price points we’re delivering homes into. And there is some competition but it is significantly less on competition at $100,000 to $150,000 higher.
David Auld: Mike, as we’ve gone through all these numbers and I keep going back and looking at the first quarter that our people put on the books, first quarter SG&A is 9.5% on operating margin at 10.7%. Those are historically incredibly strong numbers. I got to tell you I’m pretty proud of our people.
David Auld: Thanks, Kevin. We appreciate everyone’s time on the call today. I look forward to speaking to you again in April to share our second quarter results. And to the D.R. Horton team, thank you for a solid first quarter and a strong start to 2019. It’s your focus and hard work that has put us where we are. We appreciate it, we thank you for it and expect it to continue. Thank you.
Bill Wheat: Yes, John, this is Bill. I think it’s just a continuation of our strategy. We’re remaining flexible and staying in a flexible position. And repurchases is part of our capital allocation strategy. I expect we want to be consistent over the long term in our program but when opportunities exists when our valuation is down in the stock, we’re going to maintain flexibility to be opportunistic. And I would view the level this quarter as clearly an opportunistic buy, but we do expect to be a consistent buyer going forward. But the levels will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter depending on what the valuation of the stock is.
Bill Wheat: Alan, I’d also like to point out that typically roughly a third to better of our closings in any one quarter were sales in that quarter. So we’re very quickly reacting with pricing to the marketplace to maintain our pace and our return focus at every community level. In our first calendar quarter, we probably had a large percentage of the homes closed were started late spring or early summer when lumber was just some of the highest prices we ever seen. So those cost pressures we’re cycling through against a time when we were kind of marking our homes to real-time market to maintain a pace. And those two things were a fair bit of headwind to margin. And so we did see a rather dramatic move. But because so much of our deliveries in any one quarter are reflective of market conditions in that quarter, sales market conditions, we will see as we talked about in the past volatility in margins that can move rather quickly. So we expect going forward we’re going to see some of that cost headwind fall away. We’ll have more of our closings being delivered from starts at a time when lumber was less expensive. So that coupled with the sales trends and the pacing that we’re looking at it in every community now week-to-week, we’re cautiously optimistic we should see some stabilization in the margins.
Bill Wheat: Sure and some of this information will be in our supplementary data that we’ll post as well. But if you look at the first line of that margin analysis that you see there, that is kind of what we would call our core gross margin. Sequentially from the September quarter to the December quarter, that was down 140 basis points. So that was the lion share of the change in the quarter. On a year-over-year basis that was down 90 basis points. And then as you kind of move through the pieces, interest and property taxes sequentially was actually an improvement of 10 basis points, year-over-year was 20. Warranty and litigation sequentially was flat, year-over-year was an improvement of 10 basis points. And then purchase accounting is the final piece of that. Sequentially that was a 30 basis point negative impact on our margin with the acquisitions we did during the quarter; year-over-year that was a 20 basis point negative impact. So it’s still mainly in the core business related to the sales activity in Q1 as we work to meet the market and get ourselves paced back on track. And then that’s really what’s – the Q1 sales activity in our current backlog that’s a result of that is really what’s driving our guide for Q2 to be down a bit further from Q1. But then our recent sales activity I’d say in December and then what we’ve seen thus far in January would indicate that we’re much better back on track. And if we can continue that momentum, we do see signs that we should be able to see some stabilization in our margins and we certainly have some costs tailwinds that will start to kick in as well late in our fiscal Q2 and into Q3 that gives us some cautious optimism that we’ll see stability and hopefully some opportunity to start regaining some of the margin that we’ve given late in the last quarter or two.
Bill Wheat: We wouldn’t rule it out. We’re not providing guidance yet because it’s too early. Until we get into the spring, sales in February, March, April will be a big driver of it. But we’re guiding to 4% to 8% closings growth in Q2. And so if we see good momentum in sales and we certainly have the inventory to go deliver as well, we wouldn’t rule that out.
Bill Wheat: Nishu, our base plan for the longer term is to continue to offset dilution. However, we are keeping the flexibility to remain opportunistic. And so with the buy in the first quarter, that’s certainly brought our share count down slightly as we will see further dilution in future quarters and we want to continue to be consistent in our repurchases to offset that. But the comment we made around remaining flat with the December share count level would keep us flat from this point going forward.
Bill Wheat: Ken, your comment about the closings in Q2 or our projected closings in Q2 being a lower percentage of inventory, I would say our positioning going into the spring is much stronger this year. The last several years we had really been trying to catch up with community openings, getting our starts out. And I’d say our positioning with our community openings and our starts in our homes and inventory is better this year than we’ve seen in several years. And so we’re in great position to really be able to drive sales, drive growth in the spring with our inventory position today.
Bill Wheat: Blank empty look. I think Ken let me – to look at what pricing needs to adjust for us to give a number that it needs to be X%, Y% or Z%, we just don’t know. What we see is what our sales demand is, what our net sales – our teams are able to go out to the market and meet the market with the sales to hit pace, and they’re working with customers, working with buyers and writing contracts and then delivering those homes. And we’re watching the margin that’s coming in on those sales contracts and the margin that’s coming in on the closings. And they’re meeting it. And we’re not necessarily trying to globally measure from an index price or any other price for the community. It’s what is that price house by house, what is that margin house by house and we focus on this business one home, one lot, one family at a time. And it kind of rolls up to what it is and it is – it can me a fairly dynamic number, because a large percentage of our deliveries in any quarter reflect the market conditions of that quarter. So we saw that in our first fiscal quarter, we saw a change in the base level, lot level, house margin.
Bill Wheat: Mike, we would expect that we performed better than the underlying markets. That’s our goal every day and that’s been kind of our performance over the past several years is to continue to grow market share. And for our teams they’re very competitive and they like to win.
Bill Wheat: Mike, as we sit here today and based on the recent sales trends we’ve seen, we’re hopeful – we’re cautiously optimistic that we are going to see some stability in our margin and the cost relief we’ll get on the lumber ruling for our closings in the latter half of the year should be a part of that. In terms of the land cost, we’ve actually seen our finished lot cost as a percentage of our overall revenues stay relatively consistent over the last year or two. So I would say to think we have any headwinds coming in terms of our lot cost as a percentage of revenues. I think part of that reflects the fact that we’re buying more and more of our lots on a finished lot basis in the current market and so that’s adjusting community by community based on market conditions.
Bill Wheat: Yes. I think that’s where we would start. And in terms of some cost relief coming and stability in sales pace, it should provide stability in margins. It starts with stability. And if we see good momentum, hopefully we would have the opportunity to improve on it.
Michael Murray: I would say that we’ve heard of the same – some of the same layoffs. And we’re looking to meet the market and the market’s defined by the buyer behavior and it’s defined by other competitor behaviors as well. I don’t think anybody is as well positioned as our teams have got us into both in terms of product affordability, the communities we have that are now open and the inventory position we have coming in right now. So hard to generalize where we see it, but we empower our local teams to make market decisions every day and to drive their neighborhoods to the right pace to improve the returns on them. And the last part of your question I think was dealing with the land deals. We probably have seen a couple – anecdotally you hear of a couple of land deals coming back around. Maybe it’s a little more than normal. It’s hard to exactly gauge that. It’s not something that’s measured very rigorously. But we do see some opportunity that come back around a bit.
Michael Murray: We did see good traffic. I think some of the rate spike that we saw in our first quarter did affect some of the entry level buyers. So like 50% of our deliveries were to entry-level buyers, but I think there was a bit of an adjustment period for those buyers with that rate change. And then certainly the moderation was helpful there. I think a lot of our – over the past years we’ve been focused on even in our Horton brand positioning that product to make it very affordable relative to the alternatives in the marketplace and provide efficiencies to the buyer with that. And so we saw probably a good performance in the Horton brand relative to Express.
Michael Murray: I think from the market perspective we’re not seeing any of the sales choppiness we experienced earlier in our fourth quarter and our first quarter, the calendar fourth quarter, impacting any of the operating decisions at Forestar. Our underwriting guidelines for each of our communities and each of our investments whether it’s on the Forestar side or the Horton side are reflective of current market conditions. So to the extent that that’s impacting valuation or term discussions, that’s just going to be incorporated in as normal course of business. But if there is extended choppiness and it creates other folks pulling back in their opportunities, then it may create some ability for Forestar to participate more broadly in more deals. But we’re not seeing that broadly yet nor are we counting on that in the growth. We still feel really good about Forestar’s ability to create its growth – obtain its growth objectives in the current market conditions what we’re seeing out there every day. With regard to the capital raise, it’s somewhat market condition dependent. We feel good about the capital position Forestar is in today. It has adequate capital to support its growth plans for '19 and '20. And the market conditions will dictate largely when we access the market for longer term growth capital.
Michael Murray: Yes, we are focused first on returns and returns don’t happen with us selling and closing houses. And so that’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to meet the market. And margin is what we solve for, but then obviously improving margins improves returns as well. So it’s always a balanced community by community to drive the volume, hit the sales pace, generate the best returns we can get at the best margins we can get.
Michael Murray: I think we’ll probably see a fair bit of that and people are engaging where they are in their markets and where they are in their horizons and think it may not get a whole lot better going forward potentially, and so they might want to take a little off the table. And it may affect bringing some of the bid/ask spreads a little bit.
