Jessica L. Hansen: Thank you, Donna, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2018. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's Annual Report on Form 10-K and our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website in investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q by early next week. Consistent with the first quarter, our consolidated financials present our homebuilding, Forestar land development, financial services, and other operations on a combined basis. The segment information following the consolidated financials in our press release includes detailed financial information for all of our reporting segments. And as a reminder, after this call we will post updated supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes data on our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margin, changes in active selling communities, product mix, and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica L. Hansen: We're actually seeing more buyers come in and better qualified buyers today. As I indicated in the prepared remarks, our FICO score this quarter was 722, which is the highest it's been in several years, and that's with Express continuing to become a bigger piece of our business. So we're really not seeing rates have any noticeable impact on demand. And for us, it's all about jobs and affordability. So as long as those two things are good, we don't expect an impact on demand even if rates do continue to rise gradually as we move throughout the year, which I think is our expectation today.
Jessica L. Hansen: So really more of the same in terms of revenues outpacing stick-and-brick costs. Our guys have done a phenomenal job controlling cost increases in a rising cost environment, and we've been able to offset it with price.
Jessica L. Hansen: And our D.R. Horton cash flow guidance already includes what we expect as a result of Forestar and moving to 60% options here over the next few years and growing that cash flow number to over $1.25 billion annually by 2020.
Jessica L. Hansen: And then you see our supplemental data here in a little while, Alan. After the call, you'll see that really, our absorptions were up strongly across the board in all of our regions.
Jessica L. Hansen: And what we would typically see first as buyers become more challenged if rates do continue to rise to a level that impacts affordability to any large extent is just a shift down in size of the home they're going to buy. So we have multiple floor plans in our communities. And right now, our average square footage in an Express community may be 2,000 square feet, but we've got a 1,500 or 1,600 square foot plan available that we're just not selling as many of. And as rates rise and affordability becomes more of a challenge, people still need to buy homes. They may just buy a little less home rather than the larger home. We're not seeing that today, as Mike indicated, but that would typically be the first shift, and we can flex very quickly to do that.
David V. Auld: To conclude and reiterate, our growth in sales, closings, profits, returns and cash flow is a result of the strength of our long-tenured people and well-established operating platforms across the country. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to continue to expand our industry-leading market share. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pre-tax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while increasing our annual operating cash flows and improving returns in our business and to our shareholders. We are well-positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our D.R. Horton, Emerald, Express, and Freedom brands, attractive finished lot and land positions, and most importantly our outstanding team across the country. We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work. We look forward to growing and improving our operations during our 40th anniversary year, while preparing for great opportunities in the years to come. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David V. Auld: And, John, it's David. I would say the optimism that's out there in the market today, the slight increase in rates that we've seen are really fueling demand. And if rates just continue to move slowly, I see a long, sustained housing market.
David V. Auld: This is David. We had the Forestar guys up yesterday, day before, just going over operational plans. And I think their primary focus, their internal goals, are to create independence from Horton. And they are looking at deals today that will be sourced directly by them, but they've got to have people.
David V. Auld: Well, we haven't really seen anybody leave that space. But I can tell you the entry level demographics and really the delay in what used to be the 25s buying houses to 35s, that group of people is, there's more demand than is currently being serviced. So we're focused on returns. The entry level is driving the best returns. I think as time moves, we will see that shift up the price curve. But right now today, it's awfully good in that $250,000 to $300,000 range.
David V. Auld: Texas, Florida continue be very, very strong markets. Arizona has come on incredibly strong for us over the last couple of years. There's a lot of stability in California at the price points we're selling. Northwest continues to be very, very strong and we're getting a little better in the Northeast. So we like to see that consistency. That's something we strive for, and really pretty proud of what our people are doing out there.
David V. Auld: I got to tell you, we're not seeing that right now, even what has been our weaker markets have stabilized, and we're seeing, if not significant absorption gains, we're seeing margin moving up a little bit. So the market is very good right now. There're a lot of people out there that don't own a house that want to figure out how to get in one, and they feel good enough to take the risk, to sign a mortgage and close. So job growth is strong. Consumer optimism is way up. Consumer confidence is way up; a lot of good things happening in the country right now.
David V. Auld: Strategically, we think of them as partners, and we're going to continue to work with that community at a level that really is unique in the industry. Now, over time, will their economics change? Will they have to become more efficient and more competitive? Yes, but at least in my mind, they're going to be – the resale market is so much bigger than the new home market, and whether it's online, whether it's some other type, that inter-reaction with people at point of sale I think is still going to be a part of how you get a transaction closed. So we love realtors. We're going to continue to support realtors. And to me, they're as big a part of the cost of the house, as a necessary part of the house as concrete and lumber, because they drive the industry.
David V. Auld: Our goal is not only consistency, but sustainability. And we've talked in the past about achieving something, if you can't grow it and maintain it, really is kind of a false achievement. So everything we're doing is set up to execute quarter to quarter a little better and sustain it off down the road into the future. Quarter to quarter, 52%, 53%, 54%, that's really not in our minds or anything that we spent a lot of time thinking about.
David V. Auld: Not really. I wouldn't say we're tracking. As we establish our Freedom flags in the markets, we're seeing better and better success. The Express communities have absorbed a lot of that 55 years, I call them blue-collar retiree, because it's just a lower-cost lifestyle. I mean that's a – that's a – from a demographic standpoint, it's a huge trend, and it also dovetails into the migration from high tax states to low tax states. So we believe it's not a long-term trend that we're going to see a lot of demand for the foreseeable future.
David V. Auld: We're in 78 markets, some markets significantly bigger than others, but our goal is to get them rolled out, kind of like our Express program to a level in each market that the market will absorb. So it's going to be a big part of our growth over the next 5 to 7 years.
David V. Auld: I will say, Stephen, affordability in housing is just going to become more and more difficult to maintain, and even at our Express level, there are still a significant amount of the population that's priced out of homeownership. So we have got to get better, and I think technology and different ways of thinking about constructing houses is going to be how that takes place. Because I don't see labor going down, and I don't see materials going down, and land, certainly, is not going to go down, so how you build a house, to me, everybody at some point in their life ought to be able to own a house. And that's just not the case today in the United States, and it's certainly not the case in the world. So that's something we think about a lot.
David V. Auld: It was a very important thing to me when I was able to buy my first house. And I can tell you, I think that helped me become the success – whatever success I've achieved I think that was a part of it, so everybody ought to get to experience that.
David V. Auld: Don't be confused, and I lost money on my house, with a 13.5% interest rate and my payment was ridiculously high for a guy starting out, so.
David V. Auld: Again, to us, it's about consistent and sustainable over a long period of time. The flash buys, in my experience, don't do much for shareholders long term.
David V. Auld: We're going to stay opportunistic, too. I mean, the investment we made in Forestar we think is going to be significantly better for our shareholders than increasing our stock buyback by $500 million this year. So it's – we're out there looking at the market, and making what we believe are the best long-term decisions for our shareholders.
David V. Auld: Thank you, Donna. We appreciate everyone's time on the call and look forward to speaking with you again in July to share our third quarter results. And to the D.R. Horton team, another spectacular quarter, it's – it's – makes us proud to sit up here and be able to represent you. Thank you.
Michael J. Murray: John, thank you for the question. I think what we're focused on at Forestar first and foremost is building a great operational platform. When we bought the company in October, just about a little over six months ago, they had not really been focused on driving a community development business in the way we need it built. And so first things first is realigning the team and the people that are in place there, building the interactions between D.R. Horton and Forestar, and building a strong operating platform. We think that, building for the long term, will help any capital raises when we go to the markets next year.
Michael J. Murray: The question about costs, John, our stick-and-brick cost per square foot was up low single digits. Our lot cost per square foot was up mid-single digit, and then clearly our revenue per square foot was enough to offset that, so the steady and improving year-over-year margin.
Michael J. Murray: Where they are sourcing more than what Horton's bringing to the table, that will be probably at some point down the road. One of the things we talked about last summer when we were working on this and explaining our strategy was that we have hundreds of people across the country today that are out. Their whole focus is to identify new land and community opportunities, And Forestar still has I think 35 to 40 people on the team. And while there have been some new folks added, and I think we will continue to see a team built out over the next 12 to 18 to 24 months, it's going to be a bit of time before they're able to source as many deals as we're able to source and provide opportunities for them to evaluate. So I don't see that in the near term. In the medium to long term, certainly that is a key goal for them to be able to be sustainable and independent of us in terms of their own lot supply and pipeline.
Michael J. Murray: I think in the past 90 days they've closed on two deals that were independently sourced. One had been in their process for quite a while. One was a more recent opportunity that presented itself they were able to take advantage of. So they are out, they are actively working it. It's just in this business it's a very large funnel where you start with the lot and you work it down over a period of time to get there. So the larger your starting number is, the more likely you're going to be able to close some of that.
Michael J. Murray: And an important part of putting them in position to be able to do that down the line is expanding their platform across the Horton footprint, leveraging the Horton structure today to give them a presence in more markets than they're in today, and then that will then put them in position to source more land independently down the line. But fortunately, we've got the opportunity for them to show tremendous growth just to grow their operations by leveraging Horton in the short term.
Michael J. Murray: So on the rollup opportunities within Forestar, that is something that certainly we'll be evaluating as they're looking to build the team. And with that – like on the builder side, we'll be very opportunistic. We continue to look at various M&A opportunities on the builder side, opportunistically where it makes sense to add people to the team, potentially new products and new markets.
Michael J. Murray: Michael, that has been a consistent driver of our improving returns on our investments. And as we look from where we were six months ago, we've picked up 2% in that mix. And so we're going to continue to push that business, so that we're buying more lots on an option basis, and engaging with developers, and looking for ways to work with them on an optioning basis. I don't know that we won't get there in 18 months, but it might also take us 30 months to get there. It's a little bit of a snapshot point in time as the quarter ends that we're measuring that, and land and lots are purchased and contracted on a dynamic basis throughout the year. So we're consistently looking to move that metric up and consistently looking to improve our returns. It's a big part of our regional presidents', division presidents' compensation plan is to be focused on returns. So they are the ones that make this happen, and they do it deal by deal and market by market.
Michael J. Murray: As we've been working to improve returns, velocity of capital absorption pace within a given community is critical to achieving the returns. And so we're very pleased that executing on that strategy, maintaining the disciplined absorption and starts plans that we have in place community by community, we're able to see improving margins in today's environment.
Michael J. Murray: We're not seeing those kind of products with any kind of widespread use right now. As Jessica mentioned before, we're seeing an increasing pool of better qualified buyers, even with our larger exposure to the entry level in Express. Our mortgage company FICO score is the highest it's been in years this last quarter on current originations. And while interest rates are going up, I do think they're going up for the reasons we hoped is that it would strengthen the economy and we're seeing people with more jobs and better incomes, which are two of the primary drivers for household formations and home purchase decisions.
Michael J. Murray: The first part of the question, why do we carry specs and what ratio is appropriate, we've managed the spec levels community by community, looking at construction cycle times, looking at sales demand in that submarket, and what the planned absorption is for that community. And we will start a number of homes that are unsold to meet the expected delivery demand that we're going to see. And our operating process is start the home and sell into that production cycle. But that's at a community-by-community level, and we will adjust those starts and that inventory level up or down depending upon market reaction and how our sales efforts are going. I'm not exactly sure what the second part of your question was about managing the construction cycle, essentially top-down because we certainly know that is a very local submarket by submarket with the teams in place that know their market the best, know their trades the best, what the trades are capable of doing, and how to maximize the efficiency with those trades to get the best labor pricing. On a national basis, what we're able to do on the pricing side is work with a lot of our national trade partners on leveraging our scale and purchasing power to keep our input costs as low as possible.
Michael J. Murray: And driving a return off of the land or lot investment does de-risk that land or lot investment, because we're going to move through that capital in the timeframe that we expected to at the outset of the project. Thereby, we pull that capital back into the company and we're able to re-deploy into current market.
Michael J. Murray: And having an adequate supply of specs in every committee makes this a viable alternative to the existing home sales that are out there, which as David mentioned before is a much larger market than the new home sales.
Michael J. Murray: So first question, we do use panelization in various markets, and its market-by-market where those capabilities exist in the market, and can provide a timely and cost-effective solution for our local building operations. We are very happy using panelization, and we look to expand that and work with a trust plant in a given market to expand to see if they are capable of moving to the next step in panelization. So we do that. I don't have a percentage for you of what the breakdown is across the country, but it is something that we do monitor, measure, and continually challenge our existing assumptions about what the most efficient way is to deliver a home to a customer. In terms of the higher tech, I would say broadly, yes, Stephen, I think there will be production efficiencies to be gained in our industry through this. Do I know which one it is yet? No I don't. But we are evaluating those and we are watching those, and we're very interested in paying attention to what's happening there. I think there's some really interesting things happening, and we're excited to play a part in that.
Michael J. Murray: Again, it is going to vary very much market by markets. Where there are markets, where there are very efficient labor sources that are able to stick frame a home and construct a home in the traditional fashion. It's a difficult barrier to overcome, the cost efficiencies, it takes to bring panelization in place. Other markets that are higher labor cost markets, we've seen more rapid adoption of panelization.
Bill W. Wheat: And, John, fortunately, they started with a lot of cash. And so they had $400 million of cash at the date of the transaction, so from the standpoint of need for capital to fund that growth, it wasn't an immediate need. They were also able to generate cash by selling some of their legacy portfolio as well. And so we believe that focusing on operations, putting them in place to support us for the long term, which is really what will drive long-term value, is most important. And certainly then, capital raises, both equity and debt down the line from Forestar, will be an important part of their strategy, but it was not necessary here in this first year.
Bill W. Wheat: Carl, we do still expect to see growth over time in our community count. We've seen periods where we're slightly up. This quarter we were down 1% year-over-year. Over the medium to longer term, we expect to see modest growth there. Predicting exactly when that inflection point hits by quarter is a little bit difficult for us, but we've been seeing continued improving absorptions as we continue to improve our execution, and how we're meeting the markets across our markets. And that's been able to drive steady double-digit growth now for several years with very modest community count growth. But we do expect that to inflect, but predicting exactly when, it's a little bit hard.
Bill W. Wheat: Michael, I'll kind of start at the bottom line and then we'll go ahead and go back to the pieces. We're first and foremost focused on improving our returns, and there's a lot of levers that allow us to achieve that. Certainly, as we've already touched on managing our inventory investments on our options is part of that. But we're very focused on improving our P&L metrics there as well to drive continued and improving returns. We're certainly seeing a good, healthy housing market, which is allowing us to see good stability and some lift in our margins, which has driven the adjustments in our guide on margin as well. And then with our volume, we're getting good leverage on SG&A as well. And we would expect to, we continue to do that, to work to improve that line item as well, all with the driver of improving our returns.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, we're certainly pleased with where we are year to date on our SG&A. Our annual guidance from a revenue standpoint, we have increased the bottom end of our revenue range. Our top end of the revenue range is still in place. And so from an annual standpoint, we felt like our annual guidance was still realistic and reasonable relative to that annual revenue guide. But certainly, we're focused on achieving that and hopefully beating it. But at this point in time, we feel like the annual guidance was still at a reasonable level.
Bill W. Wheat: The first quarter for them, the prior quarter included a lot of their transaction costs, so they had a lot of unusual costs associated with the transaction, both deal costs associated with it as well as change-of-control type payments to employees. So this quarter is closer to a normalized SG&A rate for them. We would expect over time for their SG&A to need to grow, obviously, as they build out their platform. And then as they get to a normalized pace where they're delivering really the new profile of deals, the faster turning deals that they'll be delivering to D.R. Horton in 2019 and really by 2020, then that pre-tax operating margin of 10% to 12% would be our expectation at the current time.
Bill W. Wheat: I think they'll be in that ballpark. They're still working through legacy assets, some of which are higher margin but lower turn. Newer assets will be a faster turn. And so I'd say by late 2019 and into 2020, you should start to see their profile get closer to that stabilized level that we described.
Bill W. Wheat: And then, you mentioned the asset velocity. And really what our local operators are doing when they're managing this community by community, when they open a community, they have a planned business plan and that is designed to strike the best balance between pace and price margin to generate the best return. And so they are executing to that plan and clearly asset turn, asset velocity, monthly absorption is an important part of that. And then, that's what they guide their business to. If they just start a little hot, and they sell a little bit more, they're more likely to moderate their pace to hit their absorption pace and push price and margin. If they're starting a little slow, they will push the absorption to make sure they stick to their absorption plan and make sure they do that to optimize their returns. So it's really governed by optimizing that balance to generate the best returns community by community.
Bill W. Wheat: And so the spec strategy is a key part of that in order to turn the land inventory and to keep that consistent pace going, having that inventory of specs in place to anticipate what we want to sell. What our absorption plans are for each month in that community is a vital part of it.
Bill W. Wheat: Jay, I would say three more months through the spring is really – we're seeing that the environment is good. We're seeing that we're hitting our absorption pace. We're seeing that we continue to have the ability to offset our cost with price community by community has given us that confidence level, and so we're pleased to be able to do that. And what we see today is continued stability, continued healthy market that we think the latter half of the year should support that higher guidance.
Bill W. Wheat: Over time, this industry and this company will put that puzzle together of marrying the technology, marrying the new techniques with the unique attributes of how you build out a community. Every piece of real estate is different, every local market is different, but marrying those things market by market will happen and will happen for this industry and for this company.
Bill W. Wheat: Over the longer term, Nishu, yes, so we would expect that we would do that. But for the short run, we are getting established with being a consistent repurchase for our shares each quarter. As you know, we have not historically done that on a consistent basis, so we are in the early stages of beginning a long-term share repurchase program. And so right now we're starting at a level that we're comfortable with within our cash flow. Obviously, our cash flow is used for a number of purposes this year. We had a major acquisition early in the year. We continue to pay a dividend at a healthy rate as well. And so we're beginning the share repurchase at a modest level, but we would expect it would increase over time. First step is to offset dilution here by 2020. And then, as our share – as our cash flow grows, as our business grows, we would expect that to grow – to continue to grow over time as well.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, it's going to be on balance with all aspects of our business. What we see overall in our business, what we see in our opportunities to continue to invest in growing our business, what we see on the M&A front, as well is then what we just see in terms of our outlook on the market. So what I would say is we do believe that we have been very successful at building a cash-flow-generating machine. We've generated positive cash flow for three straight years. This will be the fourth year, and it gave us the confidence to begin the share repurchase program. And so now we will just build on that quarter by quarter, year by year. And as we continue to make progress quarter by quarter, then I would expect the share repurchase to increase alongside it.
Bill W. Wheat: The first couple of years here, 2018, 2019, 2020, it's going to be very – more heavily weighted towards Horton than it will be over the longer term. Over the longer term, as David mentioned earlier, we met with the Forestar team this week and they would expect to deliver to other builders over the longer term 20% to 30% of their deliveries to other builders. It's going to take them a bit of time to develop their sourcing capabilities, but they do have existing relationships with other builders today, and are delivering lots to other builders today. But their sourcing capabilities are going to be largely driven by Horton here in the short run. But 20% to 30% would be a good range for the long term for other builders.
