Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Mannie [ph]. Good morning and welcome to our call to discuss our first quarter 2015 financial results. Before we get started, today’s call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For your convenience this morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-Q in the new few days. Also after the conclusion of our call we will be posting updated supplementary historical data on the investor relations section of our website for your reference. The supplementary information includes historical data on gross margins, change in active selling community, product mix and our mortgage operation. Now I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: The changes you are seeing, Stephen, though are truly being driven by absorption, which is what we are pretty excited about that’s what we’ve been focussed on for quite some time now, and with our active selling communities only up about 6% on a year-over-year basis for the entire company and you saw a very strong pick up in our absorption pace this quarter.
Jessica Hansen: Ken, we actually saw our active selling communities on average trend down a little bit, so you’re right our increase in absorption was up, say, call it low to mid single-digit. That’s actually pretty consistent with what we’ve seen over the last few years.
Jessica Hansen: So, nothing out of line. What’s more important which I think is what you’re getting at, is the pickups that we’ll see from December and March, and we’ll be very focused on driving that increase in absorption and making sure that we’re hitting that normal seasonal trends.
Jessica Hansen: Yes, Mike, it’s definitely a tool for our sales people and something that they’re already out there talking to our potential home buyers about. I think some people do come in educated just because that makes a lot of headlines when there are changes on that front. And then there are some people who probably come in that are little less educated. But our salespeople, but our sales people already have flyers out and about letting people know about the change and we’re definitely using that to our advantage from a marketing perspective, a little too early to know what kind of impact that could have, but clearly any incremental easing, in this case lowering of insurance premiums we would look at as a positive.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah, Mike, what happened this quarter is pretty much exactly in line with what we shared on our last call. We talked about for the year we would anticipate our community count being up. If it’s up in only a low to mid single-digit range. I think we still feel the same way about that for this quarter. We were up 6% on a year-over-year basis and we were down 2% on average sequentially. So we could see some more sequential quarters that are decreases, but we will – I mean lot of it depends on our sales pace and as always what we see in the spring, but I think we still think for the full year low to mid single digits is about as much as we would get in terms of increase in community count and we still expect the vast majority of our growth this year to come from increase and absorptions rather than communities.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Jade. In terms of our specs as a percentage of our closings this quarter it was right in the normal range we would see which was around 70% to 75% and then the mix of our products for the mortgage company, were you asking specifically about FHA and DA.
Jessica Hansen: First time, I sorry, we are right around 40%, so that kind of in line with more long-term average range for us. But not surprisingly our Express percentage is running higher than the Company average.
Bill Wheat: The value of our net sales orders in the first quarter increased 40% from a year ago quarter to $2.1 billion, and homes sold increased 35% to 7,370 homes on a 6% increase in active selling communities. Our average sales prices on net sales orders in the first quarter increased 4% to $286,100. The cancellation rate for the first quarter was 24%, relatively stable compared to 23% in the year ago quarter. The value of our backlog increased 29% from a year ago to $2.7 billion with an average sales price per home of $293,600, and homes in backlog increased 21% to 9,285 homes. Our backlog conversion rate for the first quarter was higher than our expectations at 81%. We expect our second quarter backlog conversion rate to be in the range of 81% to 85%. Jessica.
Bill Wheat: And just specifically David, our incentive levels are in the same range that we have seen really since last spring. It’s obviously that sort of community by community levels, so we see some variation there, but in general, we’re hitting our absorption targets pretty consistently and therefore, at a high level we are not seeing any big changes in incentive levels.
Bill Wheat: And Stephen, this Bill, just to add some specifics to Houston and Midland, our fiscal 2014 revenues in Houston were about 5% of the company and our fiscal 2014 revenues in Midland were less than 1%, so it is certainly compared to the rest of the company relatively small piece, but as you know we manage our business market by market, so we are treating these markets and while we are seeing there individually, we’ll adjust our investment decisions by what we see in those markets.
Bill Wheat: Stephen, this is Bill, you asked about the west and the southwest, obviously the west is a bigger region for us. We have some very good positions in our western markets, and we’re seeing, we have seen pretty good strength in the market there through December, and so we feel like that’s reflecting in our sales growth that I wouldn’t necessarily call out one market in particular. Southwest is pretty small for us, it’s basically Arizona, New Mexico, and obviously there’s been a lot of volatility there over the last couple of years, and so you’re seeing a nice increase this quarter, but I wouldn’t read too much into our southwest results given its size.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Stephen this is Bill. You know that’s something we are still working to kind of trying to find the balance on. If we look year-over-year this on our closings this quarter, our stick and brick cost still increased on a per square foot basis about 6% and our revenues were only up 3%. So we still got some work to do there, we’ve seen that trend over the last few quarters and that’s something we are very focussed on. And in terms of improving our cost relative to our ability to raise our prices. There is certainly there are always things that we can do with our scale, market by market and globally there are national arrangements and we can assure you that that’s something that we are very focussed on throughout our organization as to even out that relationship and stabilize that going forward, so we can improve our margins. As far as specific matters, it’s across the gamut [ph] in different categories, you know with oil prices down we have the potential of seeing some benefit on some categories like shingles and things that have petroleum products in them, but I would tell you we are just focussed on anything we can do across the board to improve our improve our cost structure.
Bill Wheat: Stephen its way too early in the spring selling season to really hand out that kind of message, we are happy with where we are. We feel like if it continues, if the market is a good market to this spring, then yes, we will try to push margins. But based upon where we are today it’s just not something we can put out there.
Bill Wheat: Stephen, as we talked about our goal is to increase efficiencies and at a community by community level and that means, taking the communities to the planned pace that we want for each community. Pace then begets good momentum, positive momentum to given community and certainly as David said its early spring. Spring is not even really here yet. But we’re in line with our expectations and we would expect that we’re going to get every margin of dollar that every dollar of margin we can as we move to the spring and as our pace and absorptions stay on track.
Bill Wheat: Yes. Ken, I think we would agree with you. That’s not necessarily a bad thing. It’s not a bad thing at all, if our average sales price were to go down because our Express mix has grown. And that’s really part of what’s behind our expectations for our average selling price to be roughly flat this year. Obviously we still saw an increase in Q1, but our expectation was roughly flat because we do expect Express to grow as a percentage of our business this year. And while we may see appreciation in some markets are mixed toward Express may offset that somewhat.
Bill Wheat: Eli, this is Bill. We’ve talked about fiscal 2015 being the point in which we kind of hit an inflection at a roughly breakeven level for cash. We could be slightly positive, slightly negative that will largely be determined based on what we see in the market in the spring and whether that affects our investment decisions in inventory, but then our expectation is then moving into fiscal 2016 that we should general solid positive cash flows. We’ve talked quite a bit about the fact that our land supply is at an adequate level and should support growth in sales and closings in the revenue in the next couple of years without really needing to increase that land supply. And we think that’s going to be a big driver towards getting us to a positive cash flow position. What we will do with it when we get to that point is really, we’ll make that decision when we get there. Today we’re still seeing very strong opportunities in our business to continue invest in strong markets and so that to the extend we see strong opportunities to reinvest in the business that will continue to be our number one priority. Beyond that we’ve continue to be a consistent dividend payer and we’ll always look at our dept levels and to the extent that we feel like it’s most appropriate for us to reduce and we will look at that as well.
Bill Wheat: And thus far express while the average margin is below the company average. I think we would in general say that margins have been a little better than our original expectations on Express. Still below the average and as we execute and roll it out I think there is definitely will be opportunities to improve on that.
Bill Wheat: No, doubt, our land costs are a components that we do expect to increase. We have seen our land as a percentage of our overall revenues or on a per square foot basis, similar to how it look at stick and brick. It has increase as well on a year-over-year basis, it’s up about 6%. And as we work through some of the communities that where we bought the lots and land in 2011 and 2012 and began to work through more of the ones we purchased in 2013 and 2014. We would expect that to increase somewhat. But that’s one of the things that we’re certainly focused on and as we look at our expectations for pricing and demand in our markets going forward we certainly focus on trying to only pay what we can afford to hit our margins and return objectives going forward.
Bill Wheat: That’s on per square foot basis, and that’s where things have been just recently. Would not be surprise for that to continue to move upward a bit as we move through 2015.
Bill Wheat: As we look forward will underwrite a land purchase, we assume flat pricing on the homes as well as flat pricing on the cost develop if it’s a land parcel to be developed as well and stick and brick. It just too hard to start predicting, this is going to go up by this percent, these costs to go up by that percent. It’s much for us controllable underwriting process to look at pricing on a flat basis and then understand what that performance we expected to be to make the investment decision.
Bill Wheat: I think our investments we’ve made in the last couple years in terms we look at the inventory growth by region you’re now seeing that deliver in our results especially on the Southeastern and South Central.
Bill Wheat: I don’t think there’s any doubt that our units would still up in Texas without Express or Express is certainly is a key part of our rollout right now at Texas and in other markets. But I think there is some Company’s specific factors with respect to D.R. Horton in Texas versus what you may hear from some other builders, obviously we’re based in Texas we’ve had a strong position in Texas historically and we have a strong operating platform there that’s allowing us to execute in the current market and we believe would allow us to execute very effectively if the market changes. It has historically and we believe that that we’re in good position to handle whatever the market may bring to us coming forward.
Bill Wheat: Nishu, we really don’t have any significant fixed costs in our gross margin at all, virtually all of our costs are associated in a variable within our margin. So we really don’t see that leverage with volume across our year. We do on the SG&A side, because obviously there’s a fixed component to SG&A, but there is not in terms of margin. What you would see if we see the normal lift and we see consistency through the market that may allow us in our communities to adjust pricing which certainly could help, but no, we don’t expect anything seasonally from a leverage of fixed cost to help our margins. We’re guiding to a range of 19.5% to 20.5% could have some potential quarterly fluctuations there. And right now three weeks into January really the spring and what we see in the market in the spring is going to determine the trajectory of our margins going forward for the rest of the year.
Bill Wheat: Yes. Adam, there is just clearly a couple of things running from our acquisition of Crown communities, they are very efficient community builder, so there is a component there as well as the mix to Express. That’s at a higher absorption rates, there is no doubt those are components, but with our sales increase of 35% on an average selling community increase of 6% obviously there’s a lot of organic improvement as well across our organization. And I really thing that’s results of us being very focused community by community and that’s been an emphasis across our organization over the last year to deliver community by community hitting our absorptions, hitting our targets, staying on plan, and then adjusting inventory levels, adjusting our pricing according whether its down or up in order to make sure we stay on target to generate the best returns that we can. I really think that’s that biggest factor.
Bill Wheat: Mike, on the seasonality we are seeing January move in line with expectations. But three weeks in it’s hard to call a full month and to compare year-over-year. It’s kind of a short window for the comparison. We are encouraged with the January sales pace. It’s meeting our expectations. But there is a seasonal lift that generally occurs this time of year as well. And then the prior question on the organic Horton sales pace growth, I mean, we are getting lift from the Express rollout. That’s good, but we are also seeing strong solid growth in the Horton brands as well.
Bill Wheat: Yeah, Mike we don’t have that specifically, but clearly there’s still a strong double digit growth across really all of our brands right now to nail it down to whether its 15 or whether its 20 would be a little bit difficult for us right here.
Bill Wheat: Jack, I think as we said that’s kind of a opportunistic taking advantage of pulling those assets out, something that results in impairments, sometimes it doesn’t. Generally my gut would be that it will be little bit inside the 2014 level. Hard to exactly predict it though.
Bill Wheat: That’s really project-by-project, the 304 million that’s our land held for developments, some of which we may chose to bring out and build homes on. Some of which we may decide at some point to sell. What we’ve seen thus far is typically the deals that we’ve been to bring out and build homes on or develop and build homes. We have had very few impairments on those, as the projects that we determined that our best option is to sell in the current markets where it has been more of our impairment, so it will depend on our evaluations project-by-project.
Bill Wheat: Yes. What we ultimately pay for land is rolling the output of where we expect the market to be when we’re buying it. My comments were specific to the next few quarters in 2015 as we’re working through land that we may have purchased at bit higher prices in 2013 and 2014. But clearly as the market moderated a bit in 2014, the land market while it may not have come down much, certainly isn’t rising at the pace it was, so that’s self adjusting at some point here. So to comment really beyond the next few quarters we really don’t have that visibility.
David Auld: In closing our first quarter growth in sales, closings and profits in a relatively stable market is a result of the strength of our operating platform and we are excited about the spring selling season and the opportunities ahead. This quarter, the value of our sales and closings increased by 40% and 37% respectively and we generated another solid quarter of profitability with a consolidated pretax income of $220.7 million on $2.3 billion of revenue. We remain focussed on growing both our revenues and pretax profits at a double digit pace, while improving our cash flows and increasing our returns. We are well positioned with our solid balance sheet, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our three brands, attractive finished lot and land position and most importantly, our tremendous operational team across the country. We’d like to thank all of our employees for their continued hard work and we look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations during 2015. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: David, this is David Auld. I think we have been focussing on the value proposition really since last spring, and we just -- because of our broad footprint, number of communities we have, we are just not seeing the same pressure at any one location that some of the other guys are.
David Auld: Stephen, this is David. Obviously Houston and Midland are going to have a tougher time if oil prices stay down than the balance of the markets and Texas. All of them will be impacted. From an investment standpoint, we are well positioned in Texas. We don’t have to go out today and take a lot of risk on the land side as the competition from other builders decreases even if the market stays relatively strong, you know price tomorrow just on rumor and innuendo is probably going to be less than it is today. So we are in the market, we are going to continue to be in the market, but we are not in a place today where we have to go buy anything, so we are going to take a more conservative approach than what you have seen in the last couple of years.
David Auld: I can tell you from the 100 day perspective; I’ve been a part of this management team for 25 years. There were no surprises coming up here, the difference in operational philosophy were we just continued to drive down subdivision by subdivision by subdivision, house by house. That’s been a part of our program for a long time. I’ll probably provide a little more focus on that or conversation with our operators about it, but it’s always been there.
David Auld: Collin [ph] we are kind of projecting ASPs to be flat sort of hard to really predict given the changing mix that we are seeing with Express representing a larger proportion of our sales and deliveries, but we are looking for a flat sales price outlook for the year.
David Auld: I don’t think there’s anything that we would say that December would read into March. Obviously with improved pace in December we would feel very good if we see our normal 50% increase into the March quarter.
David Auld: I don’t like we’d be surprise, because there’s a lot less competition at that price point, and it’s going to drive, its continuing to drive month over month, quarter over quarter increases.
David Auld: Well, as you rolled out a new product you gain efficiencies every time your build. And we are also giving a better definition of who is buying. Why they are buying. And targeting what we’re building, what we’re putting in to that buyer. So, the general belief is over time we’ll get add it and we’ll make more money delivering it.
David Auld: From price of a lot to the selling price of the house, we haven’t seen a decline over 2013 primarily I think because what we’ve delivered in 2013 we bought in 2012.
David Auld: I mean, we’ve done. I wouldn’t say we’ve been surprised. We’ve made a conscious decision to push assets to the East, Southeast particularly. We like the just the demographics and the growth trends and the job growth there. Texas has been strong despite the softening of oil. Texas is going to remain strong at least in my opinion.
David Auld: And whether that they are educated about exactly what it means or don’t – exactly what it means, it has people taking about buying a house and that’s always a good thing for us.
David Auld: I think weather patterns have been better this year and last year, I mean, we didn’t gave a weather report last year, but I do think that weather impacted people’s ability to get out and buy else. I think the FHA conversation has got people thinking about buying a house and going into models. The gasoline price is a huge – I mean, that’s money directly back into the economy every week, I mean, there is no better way to get money into the economy and give it directly to the consumer. I think it’s a combination of three things. I think we’re better position this year coming out the blocks when we last year. We’re excited. We got good people working hard and are well positioned to capture what we think is going to be a good spring.
David Auld: Well, it’s tied to the absorption per flag. As we have pushed up absorptions in our subdivision performance, we have increased spec levels to facilitate the next 90 days sales.
David Auld: We don’t have that visibility, if the market gets better, our margin will improve and the differential in land cost is not going to drive margins significantly higher or significantly lower.
David Auld: Mike [ph] we don’t track the SG&A by brand in one of the strategies we’ve looked to do is to leverage our operational platform to serve new customer segments and so that doesn’t require a repeat of all the infrastructure to support those different operations, so we haven’t tried to pass out what the sort of the home building SG&A burden is to those individual brands. But I would say that as we have anniversaried and more than that the roll out of these things we have gotten better, our execution has improved. We have had some of the inefficiencies that just come along with starting something new are behind us. And so I do think that we are gaining efficiencies and certainly as the volumes increase, it helps to absorb the SG&A cost as well.
David Auld: Thank you, Mannie. We appreciate everyone’s time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in April to share our second quarter results. Have a great day.
