Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 financial results. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there's no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-K next week. After the conclusion of the call, we will post updated supplementary historical data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes current and historical data on our homebuilding return on inventory, gross margins, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Hi, Alan. You're correct. Our community count was down 5% year-over-year and it was down 2% sequentially. It's one of the hardest things for us to predict, so we don't give formal guidance on community count. As we continue to get more information and we are into November of the year, right now, we expect our community count to be relatively stable versus the current levels, which would infer that it would continue to be down on a year-over-year basis in somewhere of a low to mid-single-digit range like we experienced this quarter.
Jessica Hansen: And our targets are all based on an annual basis, so we're really focused on that double-digit growth in revenues and pre-tax profits annually. Quarter-to-quarter, you have some variation.
Jessica Hansen: We hit the high end of our guidance range, so I would say we delivered on what we anticipated and we're excited about the fact we have 17% more homes under construction today going into the year to position us very well to deliver on those targets for 2017. But Q4 was right in line with the guidance we gave.
Jessica Hansen: It's about in line with what we experienced last year and what we expect to do in Q1, which is a nice increase on a year-over-year basis, in terms of absolute units.
Jessica Hansen: And the only region we were down in was our Southwest region, which is our smallest operating region. It's only a couple of markets, the biggest one being Phoenix, which we've talked about the last couple of quarters where we're repositioning and are excited about introducing Express into that market, so we do expect our absorption to start to pick up, but this quarter, that was the only region that we saw decline in our absorption. So very excited with what we continue to see across the country.
Jessica Hansen: And Tim, in addition to being very focused on building that option lot position, we have a focus on improving our backlog conversion, and that's what you're starting to see come through. A big part of that is our Express brand, but we're doing better in Horton as well and are going to continue to try to drive a better backlog conversion as we move forward, although there can be some choppiness to that from quarter-to-quarter as well.
Jessica Hansen: We don't have that in front of us right now, Tim, but I'll be happy to take a look at it and get back to you.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah, in terms of our community count, we have seen that decline pretty much across the board, which is what caused our 5% decline on a year-over-year basis, on an average basis. It's in line with what our business plan looks like and we continue to drive better absorptions out of the vast majority of our communities which is why we continue to see our sales improvement and the majority of our business plan in fiscal 2017 is just like 2016. We do expect to continue to drive better absorption out of the majority of our flags. Express will continue to help us with doing that and the launch and the beginning rollout of Freedom Homes, which is a very similar business model to Express, is going to help as well.
Jessica Hansen: We continue to see a nice increase in our revenues per square foot, Jason. They were up about 4% both year-over-year and sequentially, and our costs both year-over-year and sequentially were only up about 2%. So that is part of the gross margin pickup you're seeing, being offset by slightly higher land costs flowing through. But really, it's across the board, you continue to see our Express price point move up, primarily driven by a change in mix, as we roll in some of those western markets, as I mentioned in the scripted comments, but we do have pricing power out there today, because there's a lack of inventory particularly at those entry-level price points.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Jack. The FHA percentage is higher, I don't have a specific number in front of me and I don't have the capture rate for Express in front of me, but I do believe that it's higher than the company average as well. I'll be happy to take a look at that and get back to you after the call.
Jessica Hansen: So we've been very pleased, as we said in our scripted comments, with what we've been able to do the last couple of quarters. It's really been a cumulative effect of our efforts and really just driving that consistent absorption to be able to increase our margins. So when we look at 2017, we still do expect the biggest driver of our bottom line to be incremental SG&A leverage due to the higher volumes. But if the spring's good and we continue to meet our and exceed our business plan, then there could be some upside to our gross margin. Where we sit today, we feel comfortable saying it'll be right around that 20% with some quarterly fluctuations that could be in the 19% to 21% range, because there are some things outside of just price and land, lot and labor and materials that can impact our gross margin, which is why we do continue to give you that slightly broader range and stick with around 20% for the full fiscal year. But we'll update that, Will, as we continue to move throughout the year and have better visibility to the spring.
Jessica Hansen: Hard one to predict, Jade, but we have seen the ability to continue to move that ASP up in spite of Express being a bigger piece of our business, so as we look forward to 2017, our best educated guess is it will be flat to slightly up.
David V. Auld: In closing, the strength of our team and operating platform across the country allowed us to deliver full year 2016 results in line with the guidance we provided at the start of last year. While growing our revenue and pre-tax profit at a double-digit pace again this year, we generated $618 million of positive cash flow from operations and improved our annual return on inventory by 260 basis points to 15.4%. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pre-tax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while continuing to generate positive cash flows and improved returns. We are well-positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our D.R. Horton, Emerald, Express and Freedom brands, attractive finish lot and land position and, most importantly, our outstanding team across the country. We'd like to thank all of our employees for their hard work and remarkable accomplishments this year, and we look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations in 2017. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions. Thank you.
David V. Auld: Alan, this is David Auld. From the competitive standpoint, I feel like we're as well or better positioned today as we were starting last year. So I think it's a fourth quarter sales number, we just had a lot going on and tough comp the year before, and it put us right in where we thought we'd be for the year. So if we look at October, October looks good, so.
David V. Auld: Alan, this is David, our expectation is double-digit growth, and I can tell you that the operating plan going forward supports the guidance we've given you, so – and the expectation on them (22:03) next year, so.
David V. Auld: And Stephen, on this lot option program, we're just being good partners for the people that have the ability to put lots on the ground. And when we look at our driving philosophy on flag by flag, month by month absorptions, I mean, that makes underwriting land and lot option contracts a much easier program for the people that have borrowed money to put the lots on the ground. So we're just being nicer and we're going to continue to be nice.
David V. Auld: Stephen, it's David Auld. Our long-term goal is double-digit growth. So we are going to be positioning to maximize our returns generating double-digit growth. So the community count is going to balance out. As our absorptions have picked up, it's come down, but as a cycle in the market, we will be adding communities to support that growth.
David V. Auld: Well, to me, build-to-order spec depends on where you are in the cycle and what is the biggest constraint in the market. If selling the house is the biggest constraint, then you're going to do whatever the buyers want you to do, and it pushes you into that build-to-order model. But if labor is the biggest constraint, if location and land position is the biggest constraint, then you're trying to create the most efficiency you can and best value you can for the buyer and that is a production start spec model. And if you look at our margins over the last two years, three years, they're the most stable in the industry. And it's because we are very disciplined in when we start, when we sell and when we close these homes and create the most efficient, maximize the labor trade that we have and that's why we are doing a better job than our competitors out there, so.
David V. Auld: Cycle. Well, I think we've got a good 2017 position for it and in my travels, Mike's travels, Don Horton's travels, the feeling in the market, the attitude, the excitement of our people, 2017 feels like it's going to be a very good year for us.
David V. Auld: And beyond that, from a land positioning standpoint, we're replacing lots and we're expanding where we're driving higher returns, and we're going to continue to do that.
David V. Auld: It's not just the Express market that feels good right now. It's the Horton brand feels good. We've gotten a lot better at executing our Emerald offering, product offering. And I guess I spent the month of September driving the Carolinas and looking at our flags and talking to our people. We've got a business plan for the Carolinas. I'll be very surprised if they don't exceed that plan significantly. I say it all the time, it's just good to be us. I don't have a – obviously, we can't operate in a vacuum, so the overall market is strong. But we are so well-positioned today that it really is just good to be D.R. Horton.
David V. Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in January to share our first quarter results. And a special thanks to all of D.R. Horton team; outstanding job closing out 2016 and positioning for continued success in 2017. You are the best of the best, and I thank you for all you do.
Bill W. Wheat: Last year Q1, in fiscal 2016, Q1 was a 76% backlog conversion rate and with this implied conversion rate, that would imply high single-digit to low double-digit growth in Q1 versus last year.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, we commented that five of six of our regions were up in terms of those absorptions, and so, really, no, it wasn't really one region that sticks out at all. We're making sure that this time of the year that we're positioning ourselves with our inventory levels and by community to be prepared to deliver on what we're going to do next year and in each community, they deliver the closings that we expected in the quarter, and we're in the position we expected to be to deliver fiscal 2017.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah. And Stephen, with respect to the trade name, this related to one of the acquisitions that we did two or three years ago. We have recently changed over all of those communities to our core brands, to our Horton Express brands. And so, no, we're no longer using that name, and so, we wrote off the remaining balance that we had that had not yet been amortized. So, pretty ordinary course of business as we integrate acquisitions over the years following the acquisition date.
Bill W. Wheat: Really, two primary things, Tim. Last year, we saw abnormally high margins in the financial services business as the industry started to price in a lot of the extra costs that were coming related to regulations, and this year, those costs came in. So we saw a significant increase in compliance costs in our business there as we implemented all the new rules and regulations and that certainly impacted our overhead cost there as well. And then one other big factor for us more specifically, we did have an incremental increase in our reserves for our loan portfolio in fiscal 2016, and in fiscal 2015, we actually had reductions in those reserves. So you had an opposite effect in our overall margins in the business 2015 versus 2016. But really, the run rate of around 30% has been historically a very normal operating range for financial services, so we feel like in fiscal 2017, we should be back about to a normal level.
Bill W. Wheat: Stephen, if you look at our guidance for next year, our unit growth, the range there is 8% to 13% growth and the revenue number is at 10% to 14% growth. So there would be very slight assumption of price appreciation which is about what we've seen, very low single-digit at best. So not much, but a little bit. And then the second part...
Bill W. Wheat: And right now, Jason, we continue to see very consistent margins across all of our brands. They're all within a very tight range around our company average, so no major differential in margins, cost or pricing dynamics, really in any of our brands right now.
Bill W. Wheat: Overall, Texas has been strong for several years now, and especially, Dallas Fort Worth area certainly stands out, continues to be a very strong level. Certainly, the growth rate has moderated versus where we were, but still maintaining at a very strong level. Our sales in Houston, the second largest in Texas, was up year-over-year. So we've continued to see that at a very strong level, as we continue to move back down the price curve and making sure that we're staying at an affordable level in the Houston market. Austin, San Antonio, the other two major markets also just very solid consistent results, and when you're comparing versus where those cities and where the state of Texas was last year, that's at a very strong level of performance.
Bill W. Wheat: Very minimal. If you look at our supplemental information, we've had really no quarters more than about a 10-basis-point to 20-basis-point impact and certainly don't expect any more than that going forward as well.
Bill W. Wheat: To the extent there's been any loosening, it's been very modest, really similar to what we said over the last couple of years. Any loosening has been very modest. Nothing that's moved the needle significantly in the market, but we would certainly expect that over time, probably, we continue to see a little bit more loosening, as the economy improves, as the mortgage market continues to improve.
Bill W. Wheat: That's something we look at regularly. We have talked a bit internally that we've been working to improve our operations in the Northeast and feel like we're making good progress there. And over the next couple of years, we think we're going to see some good results there. As well in our Southwest, the Phoenix markets are starting to come back a little bit. So we've been making some more investments there and increasing our community counts there. So we'd expect us to see some pick-up in our Southwest as well. And beyond that, we look at potential business acquisitions, we look at potential market startups, but we don't have anything new to announce there at the moment.
Bill W. Wheat: We're still in the early stages, but certainly are increasing community counts out there, Northern, Southern and Central California. And so, we expect that to be definitely a source of our growth in fiscal 2017.
Bill W. Wheat: No, Will, we don't really have that information as far as percentage where we raise price. That's managed at the local level. But overall, our revenue per square foot did go up 4.4% on a year-over-year basis and 3.7% on a sequential basis. So we're clearly seeing a fair amount of price appreciation in a fair sample of our communities across our business today. And to the extent that this is there and we got the opportunity to continue to do that or reduce incentives, we'll continue to do that.
Bill W. Wheat: It's more latter, community by community, we manage our inventory levels, manage our production, in order to hit the production schedules and the sales pace that we're expecting going forward and we feel very good about our positioning right now. When we look at our overall units and our completed units, they're right in line with our business plans. In fact, when we look at our aging on those, which some of that information will be in our filings later on, our aging is actually improving, so that's something we monitor very closely as well. So overall, we feel good about our positioning.
Bill W. Wheat: Jade, we really only have good visibility a quarter out on that. So we provided our Q1 conversion, which would be a slight improvement on our conversion versus last year in Q1, and certainly, our goals are to continue to get more efficient and part of that will be to continue to improve our backlog conversion and so that would certainly be part of our goals for the year, but we will only provide the guidance quarter-by-quarter, as we have visibility to the upcoming quarter.
Michael J. Murray: Stephen, with regard to our October sales, we feel really good about our October sales. We were up over the prior year, in line with where we thought we'd be, and it's definitely supporting the outlook we have for the year, in terms of underlying market factors, we're not seeing significant changes. We continue to see both in looking at the numbers as well as talking to field, visiting the field operations, continued strong demand across the brands, and we're not in any way alarmed. We're in fact very encouraged and positive about the way 2017 looks and our positioning for 2017.
Michael J. Murray: Stephen, with regard to the option contracts, we did see tremendous progress we've been making in that program. It's not any one opportunistic situation. It's been market by market, operating division by operating division, working with local developers to improve our option lot portfolio. We made a 65% increase this year over last year. I don't think we'll see that kind of growth going forward in the option position, but I do think we're going to get it closer to a 50/50 balance from our 55/45 balance under option today. I'll let Bill talk to the trade name.
Michael J. Murray: So a lot there in that question. Let me try to take some parts of it. Looking at labor, certainly labor is tight across the markets. We feel that our market positioning, the leading market positions that we have give us access to great labor partners, and we're able to provide a lot of work for those. As David mentioned before, running a consistent absorption space community by community helps us in negotiating and giving that labor a secured place to go to work every day. But we do hear that our guys are working very hard every day to secure adequate labor, provide quality homes, and we monitor our build times brand by brand, and that would be the best way we would have to see if we're having a global impact of labor shortages in our deliveries and we're not seeing our build times really lengthen or cycle times extend for how long it takes us to build a house. So we're very pleased. Our guys are doing a great job and gals doing a great job performing in that regard.
Michael J. Murray: We really haven't seen a big differentiator in the driver of margin. We've seen kind of general improvement across the platform. As David mentioned before, or Bill, our brands have produced very consistent margins, close to the company average. With regard to our underwriting hurdles, we've maintained the same underwriting hurdles we've had and our primary focus is return on the inventory investment that we'll have in a community and a return of the initial committed capital of 24 months that we've been talking about for a few years now. So we've been able to maintain those disciplines and still invest significantly in replenishing our land and lot supply.
Michael J. Murray: I think, generally, we're pretty early with that launch to have any kind of generalizations to say what that buyer has been doing. We did see in a lot of our Express communities in Florida a lot of that buyer profile coming in with either very significant down payments, low mortgages or even cash buyers. So we're excited to see how that unfolds, but we'll have to get back with you as we see that happen.
Michael J. Murray: Well, Megan, what we've been doing is we've been working with national trade accounts. We've been working with suppliers in that regard to optimize our buying efficiencies. We've been with large market shares in many of our markets, most of our markets, we're able to work with labor and get very competitive pricing there. But we're also looking at ways to be more efficient executing a business plan in a neighborhood that drives an absorption rate that allows for the suppliers and the labor partners to be efficient with their business and give us pricing that is reflective of that efficiencies. At the same time, we've been able to reduce incentives or raise prices once we achieved those absorption paces. And I think those two factors have been very helpful to our margins over the past few quarters. They were very, very, very flat for several quarters in a row and we're starting to see some of the benefit of that execution and that discipline we've had in the field.
Michael J. Murray: We have not been in any kind of a formal or broad agreement or discussions with anybody about that. I would imagine in some communities we have sold a home here and there, to single-family rental companies of various sizes, whether it's an individual investor or a large public company. But it's not a significant component of our business today nor do we have any national type relationship or regional relationships.
