Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2024. Before we get started, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K and its most recent quarterly report on Form-10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q early next week. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our Executive Chairman.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, that was a lot to unpack Steve, but I'll do my best to answer all of your questions. So on the latter part, there really is no global expectation for number of specs. We run the business as you know, community by community. And so, our operators are adjusting based on their sales environment in each individual community in terms of what they're starting and how many specs they're going to carry based on their sales run rate that they're experiencing. And so they can adjust very quickly to current market conditions in terms of either slowing down or speeding up, assuming we have the finished lot position to do so. So that kind of just rolls up from the bottoms up perspective. We're very comfortable with where we are today. As I think Paul's remarks on the call said, we're selling homes still later in construction. And to one of Mike's earlier points that we -- buyers want a certainty of close. And so, the 60 to 90 days of being able to lock the rate, we're very comfortable with our completed spec position today. And it is allowing us to run at much higher backlog conversion rates than we have historically. We don't really focus on backlog conversion. We focus on turning our houses and not running with an excess supply of completed specs that have been sitting for an extended period of time unsold. And so, that's really our focus is on continuing to turn our houses faster. And as long as those completed specs aren't aged for an extended period of time, we're very comfortable running with the levels we're at today.
Jessica Hansen: Obviously, any pullback in rates, we would call beneficial, and we would expect to have some relief on the incentive front, as incentives are able to be reduced, or at least the cost of the incentive that we're offering. But we are still balancing that with just overall affordability issues in the market today. And we do continue to experience higher lot costs, which is why our guide for Q4 would be a relatively flat gross margin. Because even if we do have the ability to pull back on incentive costs to some extent, we do have cost pressures particularly on the lot side.
Jessica Hansen: Well, with our can rate still being around 18%, we feel very comfortable about the buyers that are making their way into our sales offices and their ability to qualify. A historical cancellation rate for us would be high teens to low 20s. And so we're at the low end actually of a comfortable cancellation rate. On what we closed this quarter, a very strong FICO at 725 I think for the second quarter consistently. The only noticeable difference in terms of the buyers that were ultimately selling and closing to is that their average income has, of course, unfortunately had to continue to rise because of the interest rate environment today. So on a household income basis, we were at roughly, I think it was the first quarter, it rounded up to $100,000. $99.9 is the average household income on the buyers who utilize our mortgage company and closed in a home in the third quarter. And so, that's really the only noticeable difference is that, buyers coming into our sales offices today do have to have higher income to be able to qualify. But in terms of what we're selling and closing, no noticeable deterioration in those credit metrics. Everything has been very stable.
Jessica Hansen: Yes, we actually saw a slight pick-up in the number of buyers getting the permanent rate buy down, which is the vast majority of what we're offering in the market today. Of the buyers that utilize our mortgage company, it was roughly 77%. I think that translates to about 60% of the overall business, give or take. And that was up slightly from the second quarter and it was up more significantly from a year ago.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Sam. And the great thing is, the position of strength we're coming from in terms of --even if we grow sub 10%, we're generally growing the size of a top 10 builder and consolidating share regardless. But I think we have tried to get across the point the last couple of quarters that we do believe going forward more of our growth is going to come from community count. Whereas really for most of this cycle outside of the early years it's been coming from increased absorption. So we do recognize that to continue to grow, we're going to continue to need those increased communities. Some of that's come through our increased market count, which has expanded dramatically over the last several years. And we've still got a hit list of quite a few additional markets to enter into. And we're continuing to work on our finished lot position to where we can get those new flags open sooner. I think what we said last quarter does still hold though. Within the next quarter or two, I think our community count is going to moderate. It won't be up double digit, but I think we're hopeful we can continue to maintain it in at least a mid to maybe high single digit increase for some period of time. And then at some point it may not have to grow to mid to high. It may just be a low to mid. As you already kind of indicated though, it's one of the hardest things for us to talk about and get right, because there's so many moving pieces to either bringing on a new community or closing out one in terms of sales pace. So we don't ever give specific guidance, but that's our best estimate as we sit here today.
Jessica Hansen: In terms of the specific, since you asked for that on a per square foot basis, as I said on the call, sequentially we were up about 2.5% on a lot cost basis. Year-over-year we were still up low double digit percentage, which would still have some mixed impact that we've continued to talk to in terms of the South Central and Southeast making up a slightly lower percentage of our closings, and those are generally lower lot cost markets. And to kind of give you another data point, we typically talk about in terms of just the percentage of home sales revenue that our lot cost averages, it generally is in a 20% to 25% range pretty consistently. And we're right in the heart of that range today, even with the increased lot cost we've been experiencing.
Paul Romanowski: In closing, our results and position reflect our experienced teams, industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint, and focus on affordable product offerings. All of these are key components of our operating platform that sustain our ability to produce consistent returns, growth, and cash flow, while continuing to aggregate market share. We have significant financial flexibility and we plan to maintain our disciplined approach to capital allocation by providing consistently high returns to our shareholders to enhance the long-term value of our company. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton family of employees, land developers, trade partners, vendors, and real estate agents for your continued efforts and hard work. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, John. We continue to balance price and pace to drive the returns that we're looking for community by community. We saw choppiness through the quarter in demand as you saw fluctuation in interest rates and we responded accordingly. We did maintain incentives, but didn't lean in too hard and I think that's where you saw the result in the overall sales pace, but still feel good about our position, about the backlog we have, and the opportunity to perform on our guidance for the full year.
Paul Romanowski: I think similar to what we've seen last quarter and through today. Yes, inventory continues to increase, not just in Florida, but across the markets. But we still feel good about our competitive advantage, especially in the price points that we operate in and with the incentive package and opportunity with being able to be flexible on rates. And so, I don't think that some of the flatness in sales that you saw across those regions was significantly impacted by increase in inventory, and we still feel good about the demand, just not as vibrant as it was in prior quarters.
Paul Romanowski: I think we've seen with the volatile interest rate environment a choppy traffic pattern. When rates move, the traffic patterns are impacted and we saw that through the quarter. I think we ended the quarter with better traffic patterns, better demand and felt that coming into July. What we would also see is that, people are trying to have interest rate certainty when they're buying a home, and so homes that are closer to completion are more attractive, because they can get into a better interest rate that we can help them with on our [Builder Forward] (ph) program. And at the same time, that means they're buying a little bit later and so we're seeing a high level of homes sold and closed in the same quarter. We're focused on a start space to drive a closings number and the sales are going to occur between those two things.
Paul Romanowski: Carl, yes, that has been a standard of us on underwriting for several years, and we intend to hold to that. We really aren't looking to own that land until it's shovel ready. So although the entitlement may take longer, we are positioning ourselves in expectation of that time so that we can have properties under contract and/or third party development partners involved to help. And so the more lots that we have, more homes that we're building on lots that were developed by a third-party developer, makes it easier for us to maintain that 24 month cashback. So we don't always hit it. We'd love to say we do. But reality sets in sometimes, but it's absolutely an underwriting standard that we intend to hold on to.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, Matthew. I think that some of that, what you've seen is increase in completed specs as we have seen consistent improvement in our cycle times. So those homes are moving through the construction at a faster pace, which means they're reaching completion sooner. So even though we may still be selling those homes later in the construction process, it now allows us to sell them with a closer certainty. So we'll cycle through that. We don't worry a lot about how many of them exactly as a percentage are completed. As Jessica pointed out earlier, it's more focused on are they sitting once they reach completion. So as they age, that tends to be an indicator that we've seen slower absorption or demand community by community. So we're focused on maintaining housing inventory levels that we need in each community. And we're going to moderate that with starts either increase or pullback based on demand, assuming we have lots in front of us that we need to continue the pace that we're looking for. We're very comfortable with the housing inventory that we have. We don't have a buildup of aged inventory and feel good about that going into the fourth quarter.
Paul Romanowski: I think we're looking for effectively flat stick and brick cost. We've gotten a lot of the tailwind out of the lumbered price decreases coming through and I think we're coming to a more consistent level there. The balance of our stick and brick costs, we're probably seeing some pressing for increases, some that we're able to make some progress with in various markets as start have pulled back, people have come looking for work, it may be a little bit sharper pencil coming in trying to get the next neighborhood or the next phase of starts. So we expect some flat stick and brick will probably see an escalation in the lot cost going forward into the fourth quarter. And then, the ultimate margin is going to determine based upon what the concession levels are like in the fourth quarter. And since a significant portion of our closings in the fourth quarter will be sold in that quarter, north of 40%. That will heavily drive the ultimate margin. That's why we felt very comfortable looking at a flat margin environment Q3 to Q4.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, it does not have an expiration date. Our last authorization was issued in our first quarter, so that one lasted about nine months. Typically, they've been in the 12-month range, but we're not providing specific cash flow or repurchase guidance for 2025 as of yet. As we just commented, we want to go through our budgeting process before we provide that specific guidance. But we do expect that as cash flow does provide a significant increase next year, we will increase our repurchases and dividends proportionately to that. So we do expect it to be a meaningful step up in the level of repurchases. And the reduction in share count will be a function of really where our share price is as well in combination with that, because we're allocating and ultimately we will be in the market, we'll repurchase shares that we're able to get with those dollars. But we would expect the reduction in share count to be greater next year than it has been the last few years.
Paul Romanowski: I think there's a lot of noise in the marketplace when rates were moving and rates were moving up and that affects I think our perspective buyer behavior as to whether or not they're even going to come into the sales office and talk to us. Once they come into the sales office and they understand what's available to them, they might have had an expectation that I got to make a 7% mortgage rate work in my budget and they come in and we're able to put them in something different at a different monthly payment, it opens our eyes up quite a bit to what's possible. And so, the struggle becomes the traffic patterns. If we get the traffic, we're pretty good at conversion, but sometimes all the headline noise on uninterest rates can depress the traffic.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, Florida has been an important market to us and we certainly continue to see in migration. People love to live in Florida, want to be there, but affordability is challenged like it is across the country. And so we've seen significant rise in prices in Florida and across the country and with interest rates sticking where they have, it's certainly taxing. And that Jessica spoke to, the real change in buyers is they just need to make a little more to afford homes at a static sales price in a higher interest rate environment. And I think that that's really what we're seeing on the impact of sales in Florida, not so much significant change in traffic and/or basic demand or want. It's a matter of continuing to provide the right house at the right affordable price point that reaches as many people as possible and that's what we continue to strive to do as we position our new communities.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, as we continue to grow in this business, we're continually looking at ways to not only capitalize, but how we want to execute in this space. And I think from a single family for rent basis, we've become more efficient with the capital and how we produce and sell these communities. And I think that's some of what you're seeing in our moderation of growth in the inventory levels that we expect to see consistency of the investment level that we have out there. And so we still see strong demand. We still see an under supply and an ability to meet the demand of what's out there. So it's going to maintain, we're going to continue to be focused on it ourselves and be as efficient as we can with that capital.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, we have continued to see increase in our lot cost and slight increases as a percentage of overall revenue. We don't expect to see that moderate significantly. I don't know whether that settles in at high singles, low double digits, but we do expect that to be a headwind for us. As the reality of the cost to put a lot on the ground, we just haven't seen much relief in that. And so, we expect to see a continued decline.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, 4 Star is a very important part of our strategy with them being separately capitalized. They are able to support their growth with their own capital sources. And so, it does not have any offset on the cash available for the parent company and our shareholders. And they're growing their platform. And so, we are working alongside them as they grow their platform. They're now in about 60 markets, I believe, so roughly half of the markets that D.R. Horton is in. So they've still got a lot of opportunities to grow that platform. And so, our focus right now is to continue to work with them as they grow, improve their operations, get as efficient as they can at delivering lots to us and to the industry. And then as they mature, they're raising capital. I would expect them to continue to raise capital over time. And so, as that capital structure ultimately matures, then that will give us the visibility to be able to make the determinations on what we do in terms of our investment. And so, obviously, we made an additional investment to buy majority stake and we have not contributed or needed to contribute any additional capital to 4 Star and don't expect that we will need to going forward. But there will be an opportunity at some point down the line to look at their capitalization when they're at a more mature level.
Paul Romanowski: I think near-term, our expectation based on the pipeline that we have of deals is the weighting towards multifamilies probably a little bit higher in the near term, the next few quarters. Over the long term, I would expect that to balance out a little bit more than where it is today as FSR picks back up. But near term, probably a little bit heavier multifamily.
Paul Romanowski: We don't have a set level necessarily. It's whatever the market demand is and whatever we believe the best mix is for returns community by community across our markets.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, we've seen that mostly from -- we don't really have supply chain challenges. That has largely healed and we have the parts and pieces we need to build. And labor has strengthened. We've seen -- with our consistent production and market scale, we have the labor that we need and job site maintenance and controls and efficiency, just all of that kind of coming together. And that's where you've seen our cycle times drop a little bit below our historical norms. We continue to focus on being more efficient with the construction process and something we're focused on every day.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, no change in strategy, Rafe. We are seeing efficiencies in our operation, which is why you've seen a little lower start pace than maybe might have been expected. But as we continue to move through this market, we're going to have to see some improvement in the overall, or increase, I guess, if you will, in the overall starts pace to keep pace with our growth goals. But it's really just us managing our inventory, making sure we have that we need community by community to hit the price and pace goals that we're looking for. And we'll manage that inventory based on our ability to get those homes moved through the construction process and based on availability of lot, community by community in front of us.
Paul Romanowski: As we look -- as we're going into the quarter here, obviously, we've had some rate volatility. We did see sequential ASP growth, and so there's probably a little bit of price. We saw a little bit of our cost of our incentives go down sequentially this quarter, so there's probably a little bit of an assumption, a little bit of price, a little bit of incentive cost reduction in the quarter to offset the lot cost increase.
Paul Romanowski: We aren't making that decision here on a broad scale. I wish we were good enough to know which way rates were going to go. But we rely on our operators at a community level to make those decisions based on the traffic volume that they have and the sales demand and the people and buyers that they have in front of them on a daily basis. And I think, overall, what that resulted in is a solid margin for us and sales that seasonally didn't increase maybe like they would, but we're in a good place with the sales pace that we achieved in the quarter and the inventory we have to hit our guidance for the year.
Paul Romanowski: Yes, the rental is baked into our consolidated revenue guide and there is uncertainty around timing of closings of rental deals. So there's a little bit of lumpiness in those numbers, but that's built into the range that we're providing in a revenue guide, but no other specific guidance on the Q4 revenues from rental.
Paul Romanowski: Thank you, Paul. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our fourth quarter results in October. Congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton family on producing a solid third quarter. We are honored to represent you on this call and greatly appreciate all that you do.
Michael Murray: Thanks, Steve. Thanks for asking this question. This helps us clarify this. Yes, we are talking about consolidated cash flow. And going forward into fiscal 2025, we would anticipate any future guidance that we provide on cash flow will be based on a consolidated basis. With our rental inventory now flattening out, stabilizing within a range around the current level, we would anticipate that our consolidated cash flow will be much nearer to the home building cash flow level. There won't be as much of an offset from home building cash flow from rental. 4 Star is consolidated in our financials. We would expect them to continue to use cash flow, but just as a reminder, they're totally separately capitalized, so it really doesn't impact the cash flow we have available to utilize for shareholder returns. But with the sharp improvement in our cycle times this past year. Our inventory turns have improved. We expect that improvement to continue into next year. So the efficiency in our home building operation is improving and therefore the cash flow generation from our income should continue to improve. With stabilization and rental, we do expect an increased level of consolidated cash flow next year. And then that's reflected in the increased share repurchase authorization that our board authorized that we'll be utilizing going forward as we expect to see proportionally higher share repurchases and dividends being paid out of that cash flow.
Michael Murray: Yes, it's a lot there in that question, Mike. So in total, our average house size is down about 2% from a year ago and about flat sequentially. And you're right, that is a mixed reflection of what our operators are choosing to start in a given community and the communities that they're planning to come online. And we might be moving to a few more town home communities to try to meet affordability targets for a given sub-market. With regard to pricing increases or price decreases, that's occurring very much week to week at a community level by our operators as they're gauging their market demand, their inventory conditions, and their future lot supply. So we feel really good about those teams making the right decision, and we really don't aggregate up and say we had 14% of the communities make a price increase, 20% a decrease, everybody else was flat, we just don't look at those numbers at a high level here. We tend to look at are we turning our housing inventory and are we driving returns community by community the best we can.
Michael Murray: Yeah, I wouldn't necessarily refer to it as a land banking pipeline. I'd refer to it as a lot developers pipeline. It's a large collection of very seasoned, experienced land development companies across the country that have had to -- frankly, they've had to look for some different capital sources and we've been able to help them find some other capital sources as a lot of the regional and community banks have pulled back from that sort of lending, but there's been other capital sources willing to step up when the developer is working for somebody like D.R. Horton, that we've been able to keep those folks in business producing lots for us. And 64% of our closings this quarter came on lots developed by someone else besides D.R. Horton, and that's a great part of our business strategy.
Michael Murray: We still prefer small tuck-in acquisitions. We like things that will either expand our footprint in a new and emerging geography, where we can acquire some people along with the lot position in other places. It becomes oftentimes a homes and construction, finished lot [indiscernible]. And then we were able to work with the selling principle to stay in the business as a lot entitler and developer. And that's been a very successful strategy for us in creating a lot development partners around the country as well. Still see good flow of deals to look at, but I would say we're pretty selective on what we're willing to do right now.
