Jessica L. Hansen: Thank you Kevin and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2018. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-Q in the next few days. Consistent with the last two quarters, our consolidated financials present our homebuilding, Forestar land development, financial services and other operations on a combined basis. The segment information following the consolidated financials in our press release includes detailed financial information for all of our reporting segments. And as a reminder, after this call, we will post updated supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentation section under News & Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes data on our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margin, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to Mike Murray, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.
Jessica L. Hansen: And the Forestar lot count in our option position is 11,100 of our 156,000 option lots. So it is playing a role in that percentage moving up. We're not planning to provide project counts anymore. We're providing their market counts, their owned and option lot position each quarter going forward. We would, of course, expect to update guidance as necessary for lot deliveries and revenues. But we really believe that their lot position is the best indicator of progress and their future growth.
Jessica L. Hansen: And Forestar has $370 million of cash on their balance sheet today, which is sufficient for their near term working capital needs, especially once they get the bank credit facility in place.
Jessica L. Hansen: Sure. Mike, I'll take a stab at that. I think you have several questions in there. So I hope I'll hit them all. But for the quarter, we saw a typical seasonality. So we saw a very strong demand as we moved throughout the quarter and just typical seasonality as we moved into the early summertime. We do believe that our outperformance as it pertains to our sales really is because of our positioning and our product offerings across the country. If you look at our results this quarter, it'll be posted in our supplementary data after the call, but Express was 37% of our sales and closings and our new Freedom brand is now 3% of our sales. So those are very affordable product offerings that we are very focused on keeping affordable. So there's still extremely limited supply at affordable price points. And so where we can get that product on the ground, we continue to see very robust demand and no sign of weakness at those price points. So I think that's the main reason that's differentiating us when you look at our sales versus some of the others out there in the industry today.
Jessica L. Hansen: And our scale, clearly both nationally and locally, is a huge driver of us being able to keep our costs in check. Nationally, on the materials side, we've got fantastic partners that are helping us navigate a rising cost environment. And when you look at our true stick and brick or just building cost, our purchasing teams have done a fantastic job on that front as well. And our local scale has really helped us along with our Express Homes business model, limiting floor plans, limiting options and building the same floor plan and house over and over and over again, so our trades can be very efficient and we can pay them less for that work, but they can make more money because they can get through so many more houses being that much more efficient. We continue to see this quarter our revenues slightly outpace our stick and brick costs on a per square footage basis on a year-over-year basis and the cost inflation we saw on the stick and brick and both the lot – the lot cost side was right around the mid-single-digit range.
Jessica L. Hansen: So mike the stick and brick when we use that phrase we really mean labor and materials. So it's all inclusive. We continue to see that mid-single digit cost inflation being driven almost solely by labor. Although we think we're doing a great job keeping our labor costs in check, it is a tight labor supply environment and we're having to continue to pay a little bit more to get our houses built, but we're more than happy to do that in the market we're in today. And are working to continue to be as efficient as possible to reduce labor costs where we can. Outside of – lumber has been a cost pressure. It probably is the headliner. A little bit of noise commodity-wise to concrete. But generally speaking, anywhere we've seen an increase we've had a category where we've been able to offset it. We're now nationally exclusive in over 30 product categories. And those don't all renew at the same time. So each year when we go back out to market with our national exclusive agreements that are renewing, we've had very good success in either just locking in our current pricing and not having to take a price increase or even reducing our prices further. So really appreciate all of our trade partners out there today that are helping us along the way.
Jessica L. Hansen: So you'll see in our brand stratification that we'll post after the call, the ASP on Freedom today is right around $260,000 and that typical home Mike talked about is about 1800 square feet. So focused on keeping it as affordable as possible just as we have with our Express brand.
Jessica L. Hansen: The other sustained improvement in our gross margins that we expect is from lower interest costs as we continue to de-lever our homebuilding business. And we think that's a big advantage in terms of what we've done with our balance sheet and the limited interest costs we now have to carry and cover in our gross margin.
Jessica L. Hansen: And the way we expect to run Forestar is really not what, I think, people traditionally think about a historical land developer platform. We're really thinking of Forestar as a lot manufacturer that's going to have D.R. Horton, the largest builder in the country, as one of its largest customers who needs an immense amount of finished lots. And there is a shortage of finished lots across the entire country today. So we think Forestar has a very unique opportunity to take advantage of that opportunity in the market. And plan to run with the modest leverage to help them grow that platform that there is a need for in the industry today.
Jessica L. Hansen: No, we're really not, which really to us points to the market still being affordable, at least where we're positioned in the market. We continue to see our FICO score be very strong. We saw our first-time homebuyer percentage tick up. Our average square footage is relatively consistent. And really even the percentage of our buyers that are purchasing an attach product, whether it be a duplex or a townhome, hasn't risen that much either. So kind of all of those signs for us point to the market still generally speaking, in most parts of the country, is pretty affordable. There's just a lack of supply which does impact demand.
Jessica L. Hansen: So Soham, we don't ever guide to community count officially for a reason. It's one of the hardest things for us to manage. We really focus internally more first on our houses and our lot position. And that'll tell you where we're headed. As long as we have the houses and the lots that tells you that we are going to be replenishing at a minimum our community count if not ultimately growing it. We have said that we would expect it to grow at some point. We still haven't seen that. It was down 3% year-over-year, but it was essentially flat sequentially. So feel very confident about our ability to meet our 10% to 15% consolidated revenue targets with 278,000 lots owned and controlled and almost 30,000 homes in inventory today.
Jessica L. Hansen: Really just more of the same in line with our business plan and I think we're very well-positioned to finish the year out strong.
Jessica L. Hansen: And then Jay we don't disclose our community count by state or by region. However, I can assure that California is about a third of the exposure this cycle is what we had last cycle. Really by choice we've got more diverse product offerings and a more diverse footprint where we can go find acceptable and attractive returns across the entire country. So although we really like California and we're very happy with our investments there they are at a lower level this cycle compared to prior cycles.
Michael J. Murray: To conclude and reiterate, our growth in sales, closings, profits, returns and cash flows is a result of the strength of our long-tenured people and well-established operating platforms across the country. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to expand our industry-leading market share. We remain focused on growing both our revenues and pre-tax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while increasing our annual operating cash flows and improving returns in our business and to our shareholders. We are well positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our D.R. Horton, Emerald, Express and Freedom brands, attractive finished lot and land positions and most importantly, our outstanding team across the country. We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work. We look forward to finishing our 40th anniversary year strong, while preparing for great opportunities in the years to come. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host any questions.
Michael J. Murray: Well, Stephen, good morning. We are very excited about the progress we're making towards increasing our option percentage. We're at 56% this quarter, but we do expect fluctuations up and down in that number. It's a fairly dynamic measurement. And it can move a little bit day-to-day. In fact, it does move a bit day-to-day. We are making progress in the right direction, but we expect to see that continue to fluctuate. But we do believe we will be achieving the 60% target, probably not going to be by the end of this week, but we will be doing that over the next couple of years.
Michael J. Murray: Stephen we saw a good demand throughout the quarter. I mean there was normal seasonality played itself out in the quarter as we expected it would. But we had very good demand across our footprint, specifically out West in California. At the the price points we're serving, we see a lot of buyers, a lot of demand, a lot of traffic. We don't have a lot of standing available inventory out in our West region at all, especially in California. Demand has been very strong. Our absorptions per community I think out West were up 15% and really excited about the projects that the team has positioned us in there and the execution against those projects.
Michael J. Murray: John, good morning. I'll take the acquisition part of that question. It is very much a big part of our capital allocation plans. We've been actively looking and we are actively looking. The two acquisitions we did this quarter were somewhat small, but they were – put us into a new market and was accretive in another market that we really like and believe in. We have several more that we're looking at over the next few quarters in the year and probably $400 million to $600 million of purchase price on those is what we're looking at today. We continue to be primarily interested in private builders with very high quality teams where we either consolidate share in markets that we already operate in or enter new markets and further expand the footprint across the country. That's been the primary focus to date.
Michael J. Murray: In our forward guidance on growth, Alan what we're looking at is purely organic. The M&A work we're planning to execute it but our 10% to 15% growth we believe is very achievable with the organic lot positions we have today.
Michael J. Murray: So, yeah the decision to incentivize or not and how it impacts us is a community by community decision and very specific. And we would monitor and react or proactively take action at a given community. And that's what our local teams are monitoring that day to day to day, ensuring that we're having the sales pace we desire for a given community while maximizing returns in that community. So from a macro level at sort of the perspective we have here at the corporate office, we are entrusting our local divisions to make those right decisions to drive their pace and achieve the returns they're looking for. Not feeling that we're going to see a lot of competitive market margin pressure broadly space because we're seeing that every day to day and we're posting margin returns that we are at today from the communities.
Michael J. Murray: And as we look at existing supply that's out there in the marketplace, the first place we look at available supply is in our own neighborhoods. And we're seeing that less than half the homes we have in our inventory are available for sale. We're selling a lot of homes before they're completed, before – during the construction process. And so we're not seeing excess new home supply coming to bear in the places we're most concerned about, which is at or near our neighborhoods.
Michael J. Murray: Yeah as we see life, we're starting to see that life take shape now where we're being much more collaborative early on in deal flow and working with Forestar and determining which projects would be good candidates for Forestar to bring to market. And they're identifying some opportunities organically that will be accretive to the Horton portfolio as well as their third-party builder sales. So we're excited about seeing that growth that they have, the capital that they have today and will increase over the next year, is going to be an exciting time for them to recruit more folks to their team and continue to build out their operational capabilities over the next 12 to 18 months. And that's what – frankly what we're most excited about is really putting a great organic team together that's going to be a national lot developer with access to deep pools of capital at a cost advantage to what that marketplace is like today.
Michael J. Murray: Yeah, Susan. Thank you. We are enjoying some success with Freedom. It's rolling out slower certainly than Express rolled out, but we expected it was going to be slower but it's growing. I think it's about 3% of sales right now, which is a significant increase from where it was. It's growing as a part of our overall product mix. And that's overall against a growing backdrop. So it's doing really well. We get that product on the ground and we see the buyer really like the product that we're offering, the sense of community we're trying to create in an affordable platform for those buyers where we can take a retiree that's a little concerned about monthly expenses and still try to give them a lot of the lifestyle value of the Freedom Home or the Active Adult neighborhood in a plan that's exactly right for their lifestyles, two bedrooms, a flex room, two-and-a-half bathrooms, it's a great focus for us in a one-story home.
Michael J. Murray: Certainly on the labor side one of the things we look at is our build times. And we have seen our teams maintain consistent build times for the past several years from when we start a home to complete it, that time has not moved but by a few days up or down on our completions and deliveries. And so part of that speaks to the spec strategy we have, part of that speaks to the local scale we have in given markets and long and deep relationships with those labor suppliers. And as Jessica mentioned before our returns-focused approach to the communities to drive to the pace, we believe is appropriate and creates a more efficient platform for that labor, so that they're able to get to more houses, get to more simplistic processes in those houses. And they can frankly charge us less per square foot but still make more money for themselves on a day-to-day basis. So we're really excited about the results we're seeing there and how our teams are delivering and staying on top of that labor.
Michael J. Murray: Steve, I was actually – I probably pulled the number out of my head and I should've looked at the schedule. Our absorption pace was actually up 7%. Yeah...
Michael J. Murray: I think, we're going to look at those metrics you referenced and attributes of a good land or lot position. Most importantly, we're looking at good operating teams and the people that would be joining the company. We're looking at what their particular lot supplies are, what markets they serve, whether they are in geography that we currently exist in and how we would be complementary to each other there, whether they are in a new geography. And is that a place we'd like to get into and expand our footprint? It's a lot of the same ways we've always looked at it. And most importantly bringing on good people has been consistently the thing that pays back on an acquisition year after year, are adding good people to the team. That's the most important part of the whole process for us. Because after the land bank you acquire on day one is gone, you have the people.
Michael J. Murray: I think in the short-term, we feel pretty good about the – the land availability is already kind of crystallized in the lots and flags for short-term sales. In terms of the longer term, California is always a challenging land market and we have teams that are very focused on positioning us to be in front of what we believe is the best part of the market, which is affordable housing, below certain price points in various submarkets. And that's what our focus has been to continue to execute against those price points and that's where we're seeing our growth coming from by and large.
Michael J. Murray: And Jay I would tell you that within California and across our geography the travels that D.R. has had, Davis had, I've been out on the road the past six to eight weeks, we continue to see the same things. Very enthusiastic and energized sales teams and the models seeing good activity and demand in our communities and neighborhoods and the land positions that we're looking at are very strong, opportunities we have under contract, about to have under contract and are currently bringing through development or our third-party developers are bringing to market. Really excited about the position we have against a backdrop of a market that has good job growth, undersupplied in housing, still a very accommodative interest rate environment and good consumer confidence on the outlook for the economy. So we are very enthusiastic about where the market is right now.
Michael J. Murray: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in November to share our year-end results. And to the D.R. Horton team, on behalf of D.R. and David, again we thank you for your efforts every day to continually make our company better and take care of our customers. Go deliver great fourth quarter and keep the machine driving in the next year. Thank you.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah and John this is Bill. In terms of our capital allocation, obviously flexibility is key to us right now and we still see great opportunities in our housing markets to continue to invest in that and aggregate market share. And obviously acquisitions are an important part of that as well. With that flexibility, we have begun to repurchase shares. We began repurchasing shares about a year ago. And as we've stated before, we want to be consistent in that. We want to be able to do that consistently over a long-term with our first step or first benchmark in that beginning to keep our outstanding share count flat. And clearly we're on track to do that here by fiscal 2019. And I think the key for our share repurchase program is we want to be able to continue to do it consistently and then increase it incrementally over the next year, and then over the longer term we will evaluate that alongside all of our other opportunities at different points in the market.
Bill W. Wheat: Well we've been focused first and foremost on putting a bank facility in place. And so that is ongoing. That's going very well. We expect that to get completed by the end of this next quarter – by the end of the fiscal year, which has been our target. And alongside that, we'll begin the process of preparing Forestar for the public markets. So filing a shelf, working with rating agencies to prepare for the debt markets with the target of then having them in position to go to the public markets next year. Now we would probably anticipate a debt offering first, as they have very little debt on their balance sheet. And so we would do that, certainly demonstrate the ability for them to raise debt capital and then have an eye on the equity markets as well. We certainly believe that an equity raise for Forestar is an important part. I do agree with you there. But at this point we're focused on bank facility first and then likely debt market second.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah and generally we would agree we're still not seeing much inventory growth out there especially at the affordable price points. We're still at very limited supply in the marketplace which is allowing us right now to raise price and reduce incentives which is showing up in our margin.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah Mike. Thanks Mike. As we've stated pretty consistently, we're first focused on returns. And so we operate our business community by community making the decisions each day balancing pace and price, margin and absorption to generate the best return on our inventory investment. And in this limited supply environment, with very strong demand and with our positioning, in a great position for that demand at affordable price points, right now the market is giving us the opportunity to reduce incentives and increase prices. And that results in higher gross margin. So in a market environment such as this, we're seeing that opportunity. But we will continue to focus on returns regardless of how the market may change in the future. We're really primarily focused on returns first and foremost. That being said, with what we can see in the market today, we see a healthy market. We see very good demand. We still see a very good balance of supply and demand. And so that's reflected in our guidance both for the fourth quarter and our preliminary guidance for 2019. We see an environment where we should be able to maintain our gross margins in the range of where we are today and where we reported in the third quarter. There could be quarters that are slightly higher than. There would be quarters slightly lower. But we expect to be able to maintain margins at a sustainable level around the same level as Q3. Implication for our operating margin increase next year assumes relatively flat gross margins with the current level with continued leverage on SG&A.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah first Ken on the margin on specs. Clearly in a market like today, with limited supply, our margins on specs are better than usual. The spread between our margins on specs versus build jobs is tighter than normal because we're in a rising price environment, limited supply and we have inventory on the ground. So that's resulting in better margins than normal. And then in terms of the order pace and the reports of orders in a market is certainly affected by the amount of supply, hard to sell houses if there's not much supply. So clearly as we have introduced new communities, introduced product at affordable price points in markets that did not have it before, I do believe we're unlocking demand and releasing pent-up demand that's in markets today.
Bill W. Wheat: I think it starts with positioning. It's positioning our product in our communities at an affordable price and having available inventory as well our spec strategy. I think customers are looking for a home that they can have some certainty on when they can move at. And so I think that's put us in a good position to be able to move price and not have to incent very much today. We balance that always with first and foremost focusing on returns and achieving our target sales pace in each community. And we're also always keeping an eye on making sure that our products remain affordable. So while we are certainly seeing some increase in pricing and net incentives today, we will continue to make sure that our products remain affordable.
Bill W. Wheat: Yeah Mike we've been seeing that mix shift over the last several years. Three years ago or so we were around 30% option lots and now we're north of 50%. And so we've been able to – we certainly pay more for a finished lot when we buy it from a third-party developer. But we've been able to obviously improve our returns through that process. And with our focus on executing well community by community, we've been able to offset that increase in lot price and still maintain good margins. And so we still believe we're in good position that even as our option percentage continues to rise further, we believe our operations are in great shape to be able to absorb that and keep our margins at the level relatively close to today's level.
Bill W. Wheat: I know I sound like a broken record a little bit. But we do focus first and foremost on returns. And then the market in each community then and our ability to achieve our sales pace then helps us determine whether the margin will be higher than pro forma or lower than pro forma. So when we are pro-forma-ing a project, yes, typically the gross margins are in the high teens to the low-20s. It's usually somewhere in that range. But really our underwriting hurdle is to achieve a 20% net return on inventory investment based on the pre-tax income of the project. And that is always at 20% or better on every investment that we're making. And so, yeah, we're in a good environment right now. There's very – I think the – really, the main driver is there's very limited supply of new homes in the market, especially at affordable price points. And with our positioning and the execution of our teams and the continued improvements in efficiency throughout our business, I believe those are the primary drivers behind what has now manifested itself in our gross margins here this quarter. One other aspect in our gross margins, which we've talked about a bit last year, we had a period where our litigation and warranty costs were a bit higher than normal. The last three quarters or so, those costs have been at a more normal range. And so this quarter, 60 basis points of our year-over-year improvement in gross margin was from a reduction of litigation and warranty costs. We do expect those levels to remain pretty consistent going forward, which is again as part of our guide for margins to remain consistent.
Bill W. Wheat: Sure. We stated 40% or less. Today it's significantly less than that. Today they have a negative leverage. And so as we look at the 40%, we look at that as a longer term cap, really kind of a maximum level that they would operate at, which certainly is comparable to some homebuilders, but when you look across the homebuilder universe, there's builders operating at a higher level of leverage than that. But they're not going to be at 40% overnight. It's something that as they grow out their platform, as they grow out their earning capacity, that that would be kind of a maximum level over time.
Bill W. Wheat: That would be a much more efficient model than you've seen in the land development business and not going to be large concentrations of individual assets. It's going to be spread across a broad geographic footprint with fast turning lot deliveries.
Bill W. Wheat: Great. Thanks, Steve. As we've begun our share repurchase program, we are programmatic about it. We're going to be consistent for the time being. Our expectation is to keep our outstanding share count flat in 2019. Our authorization for $400 million is essentially a 15-month or a 5-quarter authorization to extend it out through September of 2019, whereas previously was ending in July. But we do expect to spend the majority of that authorization. We expect to spend a higher percentage of that authorization than we did the prior authorization, which ended in July.
