Donald Tomnitz: In summary, our financial performance this quarter demonstrates the progress our company has made toward building sustainable profitability, balance sheet strength and market share gains in this challenging and uncertain housing market. Our most important accomplishments this quarter include: We are profitable for the second consecutive quarter, with a pretax income of $12.1 million; we saw 55% increase on our sales with our ASP up slightly year-over-year; our fully loaded homebuilding SG&A, which again includes all corporate overhead as a percentage of revenues, was 14.3%, up only $1.8 million or 1% on a 19% increase in homes closed. We have reduced our homebuilding debt this fiscal year to date by $524.8 million. We improved our gross margin further to 18.0% this quarter as we continued to improve the cost and design of our products and as we continued to open new communities on recently acquired lots at higher margins. There are still challenges in the homebuilding industry: Rising foreclosures, significant existing home inventory, high unemployment, tight mortgage lending standards, the expiration of certain government support for the housing and mortgage markets and weak consumer confidence. However, new home inventory remains low. Interest rates are favorable, and housing affordability is near record highs. We will continue our focus on providing affordable homes for the first-time homebuyer, controlling our costs, contracting for new communities with attractively priced finished lots and maintaining our strong balance sheet. Again, we want to thank all of our DHI team members who continue to outsell and outperform the industry. Keep up the great work. D.R. Horton is leading the industry into the housing recovery with a superior business model. This concludes our presentation, and we'll host any questions you may have.
Donald Tomnitz: As far as after the tax credit, we believe that we're in a preeminent position. We have opened, worked new communities than any other builder. Our cost structure, we believe is the best in the industry, and we're prepared to compete in the industry with or without any government tax credits.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, we anticipate our community growth to continue to increase. We're actively working finished lot deals across the country. And clearly, we have entered into more finished lot deals than anyone else in the industry because we feel like that's a good supplement to our core margins. Higher would be my answer.
Donald Tomnitz: We're seeing good price stability in most of our markets today. We're seeing some price increases in the California market, as you have read. But in general, I think what we're doing is looking at -- I know what we're doing is we're looking at specific projects. And a project may become a good, better project or weaker project just based upon the existing competition on that particular market or how quickly we want to work our way through that existing deal.
Donald Tomnitz: And Chicago, quite frankly, entered into the downturn later than most, all of our other markets. So basically, we're seeing weakness in Chicago at a later stage just simply because of where they are in their cycle. But again, we're one of the few builders who share our watch list with you. I don't know if anyone else does.
Donald Tomnitz: And our pricing in almost all of our communities is compelling, very competitive with foreclosures. So as a result, I think we're beginning to see other than first-time homebuyers obviously coming to our subdivisions and take advantage of compelling pricing.
Donald Tomnitz: We're more focused, quite frankly, on what our sales are going to be on May 1 and May 2, and not sure we're really tracking that. I mean, the answer to your question, our sales are still solid in the last week.
Donald Tomnitz: First of all, I'd like to clarify something, we're not out buying land, we're out optioning land and putting it up very low earnest money amounts to secure the right to purchase those lots on a go forward basis. So we have purchased very little land other than, as I said, optioning a lot of different subdivisions across the country. The other thing I would say to you is as the market becomes more competitive in some of our peers, once again try to copy our business model, but not effectively implement it, is it that we are out in the subdivisions and have been there for quite sometime and many communities and many cities proving to the land sellers and the banks that we're willing to put spec inventory on the ground to a piece first time homebuyers. And as a result, even though we peg out more competition if you're a seller of lots today then you're going to choose D.R. Horton because we've got a more active business model putting spec inventory on the ground and working them through their lots at a faster pace than builders who are focusing on a build-to-order model.
Donald Tomnitz: Right now, our focus is on any deal we do that we won our capital back in 12 months post that investment, and that's the way we're going to approach land development deals on a go forward basis. Our window might increase from 12 months to 18 months to 24 months, but that's not the criteria today. So as we approach, the days when we're going to have to begin developing more of our own land and lots, we're going to operate with a much more conservative strategy than what we have in the past i.e. we're going to win our capital back in a much shorter period of time.
Donald Tomnitz: Most of our inventory increase this quarter was a function of building more homes. It was all our traction of progress.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, I don't know whether they are, but clearly we're outperforming everyone else in the industry and use an old adage, a bird in the hands worth two in the bush. And I would say to you that we proven beyond any reasonable doubt that we are going to put spec inventory on the ground, and work the seller of lots do their lots at a faster pace. If I were the seller and I have been a seller of lots because we develop lots and sold them to other builders, I'm going to choose the person who has a proven track record as opposed to someone, verbally, tell me what they're going to do with my land and lot position. So we look forward to let them come on.
Donald Tomnitz: First of all I said to you, we continually in this company, adapt to one of our market conditions are. And prior to this downturn, four years ago, five years ago, we had a major percentage, or equal percentage of second time more buyers versus first time homebuyers it is our decision three years ago to appeal to the first time homebuyers and we worked our product line and re-worked our product, both size and finish outs just simply because the fact that we believe that this people we had existing homes, second time, third time homebuyers, we're going to have a difficult time selling their existing home to homebuyer. First home so we focused on that the first time homebuyer. I would also say to you that this quarter, clearly, we have fewer first time homebuyers than we had in the first quarter, so we have the flexibility in this company to adapt to our business model or product line, and our offerings to whatever the market is. Please don't worry about our ability to meet the market because we have met the market for 27-lot years and we'll continue to do so.
Donald Tomnitz: First of all, I'd like to say our business model is very good. We focused on having a spec inventory out there to a piece, to the first time homebuyer because those people who are coming to our models and they were qualified and may want the close very quickly. As we move forward, we have set specific spec targets for each one of our regions, and as we move forward to the more uncertain marketable and the tax credit goes away, we're adjusting our spec levels as we speak. So our specs have been one of the real strengths of this company and have never been excessive, but we specs out there to satisfy those first time homebuyers and also to appeal the realtors who are being buyers into our models who want to close more quickly than a built off just going to take anywhere from three to four months.
Donald Tomnitz: And we focus on our age inventory as clearly our specs hadn't been completed and unsold for a period greater than the year, it was last quarter and it's a minimal number. So as a percentage of our inventory we're focusing on the specs strategy and most importantly managing the aged spec inventory. And we're focused on keeping our margins at a sustainable levels in the range where we are today.
Donald Tomnitz: In terms of our total closings that were originally specs, it's been around 80% here for the last few quarters, and that was consistent this quarter. In terms of our backlog conversion we did achieve a record backlog conversion of 103% this quarter, so clearly, that was an unprecedented performance. We would certainly help in the current market with where our backlog is today, with the dynamics in the market that we should be able to achieve a very high backlog conversion in the coming quarter. And then beyond that, visibility is a little more clouded, so we'll have to just to react to the market and adjust our strategy accordingly as we get later in the 2010 and beyond.
Donald Tomnitz: I think we'd like to the fact that all of our regions were up and all of our regions performed well. I would also say in the in the South Central or on the Southeast that basically we open more communities in those markets. So as a result, our sales and closings should've been up.
Donald Tomnitz: Yes. We certainly want to give our purchasing managers and our construction managers in field same could give our sales team that is a done a tremendous job driving down our costs across the board.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, we're dealing with foreclosures in every market. Some markets have some more than others clearly. Our goal as a company has been to price our new homes competitively with the foreclosure prices in each respective markets. So as a result, we can give the buyer a compelling purchase with the new home for essentially of the same price that they can buy a foreclosure, and further smooth and more transparent process because as you know on the short sales and the foreclosures just because you want to buy one of them, doesn't mean you're going to be able do it in a short period of time.
Donald Tomnitz: Well, clearly with the volume that we're doing in each one of our markets, our labor is not an issue at all. As a matter of fact we still have plenty of excess labor in most of our markets and our subs are really appreciating the opportunity to be able to grow their businesses again, and to build homes for us, as opposed to the other builders who are not building much inventory out there are sold not only labor out there but with the labor on a very compelling price simply because we are the most active builder, in virtually every one of our markets
Donald Tomnitz: We will continue to hire sales people. And as one of our strengths in this company clearly is our quality of our sales force. But we continue to upgrade our sales force. We believe because we do have inventory on our subdivisions that are just sales people should be outperforming the competition. So as a result, we're constantly looking for those people who are not outperforming or performance after our expectations so we constantly to upgrade our sales force. But currently, I think we have upgrade sales force in the industry.
Donald Tomnitz: Now, clearly, we're entering into most of our contracts are in the East, Southeast and south Central Divisions, as parts of the country. As to where we're entering into those contrast, our division presidents know that they need to enter into rolling option contracts in order for them to have a sustainable business model in their respective markets. So our focus has been across the country, whether you're in Chicago, whether you're in Seattle that your focus as the division president is how do you secure option contracts so that we can continue to increase our market share in each one of our markets.
Donald Tomnitz: It's a combination of both, and we're beginning to see more deals from banks. It depends upon the part of the country. It seems like most of our deals were seeing from smaller and medium-sized financial as opposed to the larger institutions. And we expect the larger institutions to begin to free up some of their OREO assets on a go forward basis because certainly there are a number of banks that would like to sell those assets. But mostly it's the small and medium-size regional banks that we're attracted to us. They know as well, and we're a proven entity in their backyard, and we're doing more construction than any other building in the marketplace. So we are a sought-after builder to help them work their ways to their OREO assets.
Donald Tomnitz: I think California has been and always will be a difficult market to operate in. It's characterized by expensive lots and typically all cash transactions are certainly higher earnest money deposits than most other parts of the country. Clearly, we think California is a very important state to us. Currently we're still operating, they're operating, we're operating California under the same criteria as we are the rest of the divisions in the country. So to the extent that Californians is more difficult to do business with for us with our current operating parameters, we may relax those some that were certainly focusing on where can we put our capital and get the best return and the quickest return on our capital.
Donald Tomnitz: Thank you for joining us today, and once again, I want to thank all the DHI team members who once again, we outperformed everyone else in the industry. And I want to make sure that our purchasing managers, our construction managers, our superintendents and our salespeople are all equally to be really thanked for outstanding performance. But we look forward to a great third quarter, and to continuing the lead the home building industry into the recovery and business model that we think is a superior in the industry. Thank you.
Stacey Dwyer: The best indication, Stephen, of the percentage of our buyers that may have used the homebuyer tax credit is still going to be our first-time homebuyer percentage, which was 58% in the quarter. That is the percentage of first-time homebuyers that actually closed their homes through DHI Mortgage. We don't actually have visibility into who then subsequently files for the tax credit.
Stacey Dwyer: And in terms of regional strength, Mike, we saw sales increases in each of our individual regions. So generally, year-over-year especially, we saw strong results in each of our regions in most of our markets.
Stacey Dwyer: Jonathan, if you looked at our Q1 delivery, over 60% were to first-time homebuyers, and our sales process just north of $200,000. This quarter, we had a lower percentage of first-time homebuyers and a higher ASP. And I think that may be, again, what you see in the June quarter. I mean, we'll have to see how it evolves. But if you have a lower mix of the first-time buyers with a concentration in the closings in any given quarter, you could see a higher average sales price in that part of the year.
Stacey Dwyer: And it's that we're not doing developments. We are currently, selectively developing lots that we own. We're just evaluating the use of our capital for development versus the opportunities that we find on option lots, which typically may take less capital upfront.
Stacey Dwyer: I don't know that we would be able to do this change this thing as much between buyers three, six and nine months ago. There has been some continued tightening of credit, but nothing significant. And if you look at our FICO scores over the last three or four quarters, I don't think you're going to see much differential in our cumulative loan-to-value it's been relatively consistent below 90% range.
Stacey Dwyer: Historical can rate for us, during the normal times it's typically in the 16% to 20%, or 21% range. So we are actually close to where we would've been historically. During the downturn, we had spikes during different quarters that were generally correlated with some economic happening. And during this quarter there wasn't really anything that caused the disruption in the mortgage markets or in the healthy markets.
Stacey Dwyer: I would tell you, I don't have the specific number to give you Dan, but we do expect our spec level at the end of April to be lower as we move through the quarter and deliver a lot of those homes though, we would expect our spec level to move back up from where it was at April.
Bill Wheat: Well, in terms of the watch list, Stephen, as you know, the watch list is compiled really on individual project basis, and there are always some projects that are performing better and some projects that may not be performing as strongly. So it's simply a compilation of those projects. Given still some uncertainty and challenging conditions in the markets, we did not expect to see our watch list drop too much yet even though we did see improvement overall in our gross margins. Of course, a portion of those gross margin improvements are because of new communities. And so the watch list does not have any new communities on it. But we'll continue to evaluate those projects. We'll see what the market looks like here later in the year. And as we get better visibility into the market, I would expect to see those projects begin to resolve themselves on the watch list, either drop off the watch list or be addressed if market conditions justify valuation adjustment.
Bill Wheat: And overall, in terms of using broad market information on the watch list, that certainly does color things a bit, but we are only two quarters into the year. We're not totally finished with the spring selling season. There's still more sales to achieve and still a little more visibility that we need to resolve how we might approach some things on a broader level. And really, the only thing to call out in terms of the change in the watch list this quarter is, as you'll note on our concentrations, Illinois is a larger portion of the watch list. Again, it comes down to individual projects and then there are couple of projects that are on the watch list now that weren't before.
Bill Wheat: Yes, in terms of the financial regions, the largest percentages you will see are in our South Central and our Southeast regions. We were seeing greater community growth there, and that's reflected somewhat in the sales growth that you see as well.
Bill Wheat: And in terms of sales, I don't believe we have said that. But our sales during the quarter, 35% of our sales during the quarter came from communities that were contracted in fiscal '09 or later.
Bill Wheat: Well, in terms of our overall gross margin, we're continuing to see that stabilize and improve. So on a global level, I think the answer would have to be no. Individual communities, that may vary some.
Bill Wheat: The key an operating specs strategy is all in the execution to the extent that you were able to sell a spec home, wireless under construction or shortly after it's completed, there's virtually no difference in the margin between the spec and a build-to-order home to the extent that they expect is completed and begins to age, and there are some impacts on the margins. So overall, since were always a few specs like that, overall, our spec differential in margin versus build to order is a little over 200 basis points on average, but in terms of the ability to execute specs strategy, there's is really no difference on margins to the extent that you're selling and close to completion, given the improvement in our margin over the last year or so, I think that demonstrates that we have the ability to execute on our strategy and manage our specs affectively.
Bill Wheat: Well first of all, our can rate was down in the quarter because I believe we have compelling pricing on our subdivisions. And clearly, supplementing that was the expiration of the tax credits. So as the result, people have an incentive boost from a compelling pricing scenario, plus also the incentive on the tax credit to close. But we anticipate that we would fewer cancellations this quarter.
Bill Wheat: Dan I would tell you overall, our spec inventory we're very comfortable with where it is. It's in line with where we hit plans to operate this spring. We continue to sell strong on those specs through the month of April. So we're very comfortable with where we are. And then depending on what we see in the sales environment, as we move through the summer, then we'll adjust. If we see strong sales, we will probably put some more specs out there to meet that demand. If still is weaker, then we won't.
Bill Wheat: No, I would say that the only other big component in there is really the continued improvement that we see in our construction cost on a first quarter foot basis and our homes relative to sales price first quarter, but we've obviously seen sales price stabilization over the last year, and we continue to work on our cost of our homes, so that is a major contributing factor, along with the improvements in the increase in our new communities.
Bill Wheat: Despite that, we feel like our operations in California are performing very well. Our West region net home sold this quarter increased 17% in our West region. So while that might not be inline with our overall increase, that's still a very solid increase in a challenging market.
