Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Doug, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2017. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there's no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q next week. After the conclusion of the call, we will post updated supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes current and historical supporting data on our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margins, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: So Alan, this is Jessica. Year-over-year we saw revenue per square foot up 3% and our stick and brick costs were only were up 1%, what was offsetting that we do continue to see slightly higher land prices falling through our P&L on a per square foot basis and sequentially our revenues per square foot in our stick and brick was really right in line, they were both just very low single-digit percentage. In terms of lumber specifically we haven't seen any noticeable impact from lumber. Generally, when I talk to our purchasing teams, they say whatever that market price is doing or generally taking some lesser price increase when we're out there locking in our prices for our backlog and our homes under construction.
Jessica Hansen: It will depend on what happens with gross margin in the back half of the year, but if you look at it at the first six months of the year, we're only running 19.8% so our margin is a little loose [technical difficulty] 20%, [technical difficulty] talk a lot about 19% to 21% as the broader range, so as if, we move into Q3 and Q4 and we do see that margin pick up over 20% that could allow us to have some upside or at least hit the high end of our operating margin guidance, but because we're only running 19.8% for the first six months of the year, we don't feel like it makes sense to move that operating margin range up from where it is today.
Jessica Hansen: We're focused on improving that on a year-over-year, so we're projecting a lower conversion rate sequentially but that's typical seasonality for us, but in terms of year-over-year we would hope to see some improvement although, let's see, yes we guided to 81% to 84% and that compares to last year's third quarter conversion rate of 78%.
Jessica Hansen: We're seeing better land sale executions, so we're seeing higher gains on sale. We're also continuing to see a higher average loan amount particularly in this quarter. So that coupled with just this doesn't affect the operating margin but the revenue growth that we saw and our increase capture rate again, our financial services operations has done a great job of that capturing more of our home buyers or D.R Horton home buyers and that all helps us play out to drive better efficiencies, better G&A leverage to drive that higher operating margin.
Jessica Hansen: Sequentially our community count on average was up 2%, so it was the first time we've seen a slight tick up in that community count and we do have the lot for that to happen but as Bill mentioned earlier the timing of when communities roll off and when new ones roll on, it's pretty flexible and it's highly dependent on the sales absorptions we're seeing in our currently open communities and then also just our ability to bring new communities online because there is a lot of moving part. So we could see that continue to go up, but we don't expect it to go drastically up, any changes in our community count both sequentially and year-over-year we would expect to be in the low single-digit range.
Jessica Hansen: And Mike, we'll post after the call, our supplementary data that has home sales growth margin slide in it that shows the specific basis point impacts either up and down to what we kind of call our core growth margin, some of those items that Bill and you've already touched on, you can see the specifics after the call. Our next question comes from the line of Will Randall with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
David Auld: In closing, our second quarter growth in sales, closings and profits, is the result of the strength of our people and operating platform. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to continue to expand our industry leading market share. We remain focused on growing both our revenues and pre-tax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while continuing to generate annual positive operating cash flows and improved returns. We are well-positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offering across our D. R. Horton, Emerald, Express and Freedom brands, attractive finished lot and land positions and most importantly, our outstanding team across the country. We'd like to thank the entire D. R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work, and we look forward to continuing to grow and improve our operations together. This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: And I'll just add that the supply-demand equation is, I think allowing us also lookouts we've seen that vary commodity-by-commodity. Land goes up price of house goes up, it ultimately comes down to positioning and efficiency and we get up every day working on those two things.
David Auld: Carl, this is David. We haven't seen any negative impact to Express. The concept of Freedom is to capture an expand the offering to include the people that just don't want to live next door to a two-storey with bunch of kids and those buyers are out there. We're trying to set these communities up as kind of lock and leave opportunity something that they don't have to be there every day to maintain and that was a buyer segment that to be honest with you, we were not actively pursuing at the level, we are now but we think it's a huge opportunity for the company and little more difficult to roll out in Express because it a specific type of community that we're launching Freedom, you can't just go build it on a lot. From my perception and what I'm hearing from our people Freedom is not going to cannibalized it's going to augment and I think support Express.
David Auld: Nishu, it's never going to be good enough with our Chair, [ph] an active shareholder we have here, so we're just going to keep rolling.
David Auld: Nishu, we spend a lot of time talking about people, people. We've got an operational focus and a leader in that division today that we can support with capital and she's doing a tremendous job of turning that into growth and profitability, so kudos for her.
David Auld: We are focused on a community-by-community process and market shifts and starts and plans, targeted closings. We're trying to disciplined, we're trying to be smart and we're trying to maximize every flags, so again we set annual targets, we operate quarter-to-quarter and we adjust, but don't read anything negative into that number.
David Auld: Stephen, we try to be consistent in our operation and absorption in these communities. So based upon the season and timing within the year, but the best practice we found is small, incremental based on number of units that are being sold, so if it's a 300-lot community and we want to sell 10 a month, then we would have a nominal increase every 10 houses, so if there is a consistency to the pricing, there is a set urgency to get people off fence, and they buy now or they pay little more next month. So and that's proven to be very effective, it's not only creates urgency but it improves margin.
David Auld: So we made a decision to push into the entry level opportunities that we see out in California and I can tell you that's certainly isn't late cycle because those opportunities haven't existed for the buyers out there and Don Horton traveled the west region over the last 30 days and you know, he's not an exuberant type guy, but he came back feeling better about what he saw in the west and specifically the opportunities in California and I have seen him in a long, long time. And I traveled Texas, Louisiana and Arizona in the last couple of months and I can tell you, I think I said two or three years ago Dallas was the best housing market I've ever seen, still an incredibly strong market, but [indiscernible] strengthened Houston an opportunity and Houston that compressed oil industry, kind of put on hold. Austin is red hot. Phoenix is - we're opening a price point Phoenix didn't exist. So to say that, Phoenix is that some point in the cycle I tell you from affordable housing standpoint it is at the very front end of the cycle. So it's just market-by-market and where people want to live and where there is no houses, we found the ability to sell houses.
David Auld: Not a lot of chatter about interest rates, I can tell you the sales people in our company today feel as good about the market as they have ever. Traffic numbers are up. We're selling houses, we're well positioned against competition, where we have competition and it's just a good time to be in the business.
David Auld: This is David, I think Freedom will be growth within our community count. We're certainly not looking to displace any of our other brands, it is kind of unique product and offering, it's not going rollout at the same speed that Express did. So but yes I think in '18, '19 it will be a big part of the growth story.
David Auld: I would say the enthusiasm was the alignment of our people out there, with the opportunities in the market because he was not only in California looking at the Express program. While at, he was also along the coast looking at our infill operations and up in Seattle and Portland. So I mean it's just strong markets with aligned teams executing very well and what was California Express question? I'm sorry.
David Auld: Have not seen a big impact on the rain because it's everything in California it takes a lot longer, we have a significant number of projects identified and or controlled and we're launching like the impact that we're going to see probably going to be in the 2018, but just the opportunity and the positioning that we've been able to accomplish pretty exciting for us.
David Auld: That's part of our overall analysis of Freedom, is that we're giving adult children and the parents an opportunity and an affordable opportunity to live near their children and grandchildren. I mean we just feel like that's a major factor and people relocating and I've lived in Florida for 25 years, saw it every day where somebody was moving down. A job had brought the family the children and grandchildren down and then the parents were coming on trying to find something to buy, where they would have the home close to their grandchildren. Just think that's a big driver in the market and as far as the overall cost and the design and what I mean that's a market-to-market determination. What we try to do with the Freedom product is drive as much as efficiency and labor savings as we possibly could. And so everything we're doing today is to drive better value to the customer and try to take labor out of houses where we can because that's going to be, that has been and continuously the constraint on a market right now. There is not a builder out there that could sell more houses, if they couldn't build.
David Auld: Historically we like 50-50 balance as far as the [indiscernible] option lot contract is typically they extend over a period of time and your margin is on the front end of the community, maybe a little less but if pricing power continues within the market depending on times and the cycle, you can actually end up on the back half of those deals except market price lots and very strong margin.
David Auld: Thank you, Doug and we appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again in July. Again a special thanks to the D.R. Horton team. Outstanding quarter, you continue quarter after quarter to outperform the industry and we certainly appreciate it. Thank you.
Mike Murray: Good morning, Alan. This is Mike. Thank you for the question. We're seeing some pricing power in the communities where we have achieved the absorption pace, where going to rode [ph] these communities too and so that's been very helpful in maintaining our gross margin. At the same time, with our cost structure going forward we're seeing an efficient building process yield in savings in our vertical construction cost and so we've been able to offset some of the lot cost increases we've been seeing some through to protect the margins. Looking forward with regard to our cost structure, our guys are working very hard every day, we're working very hard with our national supplier partners to protect that cost structure. I can't say we're doing anything radically different on buying lumber it's something we look at market-by-market looking at the commodity market and trying to lock-in pricing when we feel it's a good time again market-by-market in lumber.
Mike Murray: We do feel very confident about forward margin guidance and it still remained consistent as it has for the past few years.
Mike Murray: Stephen this is Mike on the M&A question, we're continuing to be very active and looking at a lot of opportunities and the most important things for us are finding a good homebuilder, a good operation that fits with us culturally and lot-wise and equally is important is a reasonable seller and reasonable seller expectations and there has been a little bit of dislocation in that, but I would say that seems to have died down a bit and we might see the bit outspread and there little bit coming, going forward.
Mike Murray: Nishu, we're just focused every day, every community getting incrementally little bit better. If you'd asked us three years ago if we'd be exactly where we're today I'm not sure what our answer would have because we're just trying to get better every day and what I'd tell you is that, our operators through the field and our division Presidents who are out there working hard every day, they're finding ways to get better every day and so we do believe there is continued upside, there is continued opportunities to continue to get better, we got certain markets, that so they can significantly better. We've got others that maybe getting closer to that potential, we're going to keep trying to work to improve it and we do believe that, in this year and into next year we will continue to find ways to improve our absorptions. Exactly what that full potential is, what the feeling is, I'm not sure there is ever a feeling. We're just going keep working to get better.
Mike Murray: Thank you for noticing. The southwest market is, had been a little bit of smaller area for us and we have been repositioning that group and making some investments in opportunities in Phoenix primarily and that team has done a great job of taking advantage of those opportunities in a market that's kind of been rebounding, bit. So very happy with the positioning that our team is done and their execution against that position and so that's really simply is what it is right there.
Mike Murray: Sure, Bob. This is Mike. What we have is financial services are not a component of our gross margin, that's down in our other area, operating margin. It's part of operating margin overall, but we're seeing gross margin to be consistent with where it's been. Financial services is improving a bit and will probably get some more SG&A leverage in the second half of the year.
Mike Murray: Stephen, I think you touched on it not just geography as David mentioned and individual submarkets, but within markets different customer segments have been coming into the housing equation at different times. I think coming out of the last downturn we saw more of the move up buyers pent up demand being satisfied in that rush and now I think we're seeing more the entry level first-time buyers coming into the marketplace now that there is some supply out there, that is attainable for those folks. So we're - as David said community-by-community being responsive of what we see in the market in front of us and rather than looking at broad trends, we're focusing at a very micro level with our capital.
Mike Murray: Not at all, but the only way to respond you can't respond at a global level effectively, you still have to respond on the ground in a sub-division what's the right decision, day-to-day and operating that community and what's going on around it and that's the way our operations set up, as to what our all of our operations field are focused on every single day.
Mike Murray: Mike, so we would allocate the cost to the individual houses that we're buying the lumber for and we're looking out lumber pricing, it varies on the lot 30, 60, 90 days and some adjustments so that, so the buying, protecting our backlog and our plan spec starts in the near term. So as any lumber cost may come through in our purchasing production they would show up in a house closing four to six months after that lumber was dropped on the lot, or two to six months after that lumber was dropped on the lot and so you would see that particular cost line potentially having some pressure, but I would tell you that we would expect to see some of those things offset by other decreases and other material costs that we're seeing as well as continued greater labor efficiencies that we're getting with our production processes in our neighbourhoods, more with the Express and some of that Express concepts going into our other product lines.
Mike Murray: Nothing point out specifically, it's just that we've been working really hard with lot of our national trade partners to focus on our purchasing power and some of the mutual benefits we can both have in expanding their market share in a given market.
Mike Murray: Well, we compete market-by-market and we're going to be competitive in every market we're in as David said looking to provide the value on the ground, that we're and it's great thing about the country, we have different parts and act different roles that meet with their population wants to see happen, so we have an exposure to California, maybe it is a little smaller percentage wise than some other of our peers, but we do like our positions in California and the way we're positioned to take advantage of some affordable value plays we have there.
Mike Murray: About one more comment I'd make on the, that lot positioning and impact on margins, we're really focused on in underwriting our communities is our return that we get community-by-community and optional lot positions can provide a very efficient, very high returning community to move forward, with that. So it's not just the margin that's one component of the returns that we're looking at it a community, in our underwritings but returns are much more important to us today and generating cash flow.
Bill Wheat: Carl, this is Bill again. We've talked about it, we have visibility to exactly where the community count is pretty good for our quarter too but beyond that it gets a little murky just given the timing of when communities roll off. So as we look the next couple of quarters, we continue to believe we're going to stay relatively stable plus or minus flat within couple of percentage points. But we do believe that over the long-term as we get into '18 and beyond as we continue to expect to grow at a 10% to 15% pace on the top line that will require some community count growth and so as we make those investments to prepare for that growth, we would expect, so we get into '18 for our community counts to start to rise at a modest pace. We still expect to continue to improve our absorptions and are very focused community-by-community on executing as well as we can to continue to drive some of our growth through absorption improvement as well.
Bill Wheat: Just as we look it's very early when we look at average price points on Freedom versus Express today, they're running about 10% to 15% higher, so there is a little bit of extra cost for those home buyers, so they're still affordable but certainly a step above Express and there is an element of HO8B to cover the maintenance and those [indiscernible] for the community that are not in Express as well, so little bit of differentiation from an economic standpoint.
Bill Wheat: Well Stephen, you know got off to a really good start, to start of the year and the spring helps drive where we're going to be for the end of the year, we're raising our guidance for the year to a higher annual growth rate and as we get a little bit closer, if we see that we need to raise a bit more, we certainly will do that, but I wouldn't try to imply necessarily anything as far as a moderating growth rate at all, we're right in line, right in the range of what we've been investing for and planning for the year.
Bill Wheat: Stephen, this is [technical difficulty]. I'll tag onto to the rest of the question and in terms of our overall allocations acquisitions are part of that, but we're going to remain disciplined and so we're going to, we certainly have the room to make large investment there, if we find the right deal that fits out return strategy. In terms of share repurchase, we have an outstanding authorization from our board of $100 million which we have not used as of yet and when we talk about our top priorities our most significant priorities for this year, we'd laid those out but that is something and we've talked about this previously that as we look further and as we generate cash flow for our third consecutive year over the longer term, we would expect there to be some level of share repurchase in our overall allocation, but as of yet we have not purchased any shares back.
Bill Wheat: Sure, Ken. We've talked quite a bit about the fact that we were starting this year much stronger in position back on October 1 and then January 1 with our units under construction to prepare ourselves for the spring and so we had a stronger a year-over-year comparison in those first couple of quarters, I wouldn't say that we're decelerating at all and order versus our expectations there, we just simply got an earlier start and so now we're into a good mode of just replacing homes and maintaining on that level, that we believe will support the growth that we're expecting and position to start to position ourselves then for next year as well, so wouldn't read too much into just this quarter and positioning on a year-over-year, we're in a good position with our homes under construction.
Bill Wheat: As you look at, as our community counts do start to get back to close to flat year-over-year and then rising into 17, obviously there is some homes that go along with those flags as well, that I would expect to be coming into the picture as well.
Bill Wheat: And over the backdrop for the past several years, the balance sheet strength we have garnered that's going to give us regular flexibility through wherever the next cycle holds for the next stages of the cycle to make those best decisions, community-by-community.
Bill Wheat: Well John, I think one element here is, if we're looking at simply year-over-year trend one part of that component is the prior year numbers. We had a slow start last year honestly and we've talked about that, we were trying to play catch up all year long with our homes and inventory and getting communities open and we got lot of our growth last year in achieving our 10% to 15% of the growth in the second half of the year, we worked really hard to position ourselves to start this year a better position and so when we performed in Q1 and Q2 versus a slower Q1 and Q2 last year, we've seen a higher annual growth rate. The year is still right in line with what we've expected, it's not a deceleration of growth. It's really more of function of the comparison to the prior year on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We invest in this business on multi-year cycles, we plan our years out and we try to put ourselves and each of our communities in the best position possible to execute as well and give ourselves an opportunity to do better and we believe we were in good position this year to do it, we're feeling really good about the rest of the year, we're feeling really good of our ability to position ourselves to grow double-digit again in fiscal '18 and we certainly don't feel like we're decelerating here. It feels like we're in position to do exactly what we were planning to do.
Bill Wheat: Mike, this is Bill. We really think, incredible stability actually in our gross margin for quite some time now, at a core level it's been very tight within 20, 30 basis points from quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter and that's why we guide around 20 and we can see some quarterly volatility due to some of those other factors that you mentioned, in general our interest costs have been ticking slightly lower as a percentage of our cost and so that's been a slight help to our margin over the last eight quarters or so. We see more volatility in terms of our warranty line there and in recent quarters we've seen a little bit more of a negative impact from that, not too significant but a little bit more of a negative impact there in the last couple of quarters, which is one factor why we've been slightly below 20%, but overall we would characterize our margins as very stable, we're seeing actually less volatility from all of those factors than we've seen over the longer term history in our company and as long we're continuing to guide to around 20%, but you'll see some movement either above 20% and or below 20% from quarter-to-quarter.
Bill Wheat: Buck through the spring, we really seem to have solid good consistent demand out there, really good supply-demand dynamics, very little supply and so a really just a good solid, stable, consistent spring and really thus far in April we're seeing the same kind of conditions, pretty healthy good strong market out there.
