Stacey Dwyer: Our gross profit margin on home sales revenue in the first quarter were 17.1%, up 160 basis points from our homes sales margin in the year ago period and up 460 basis points sequentially from our September quarter. Approximately, 300 basis points of the sequential increase was due to the average cost of our homes declining by more than our average selling prices partially due to our success constructing and closing homes on recently acquired finished lots in new communities. 15% of the first quarter closings were from new deals that were contracted for in fiscal 2009. Margins on closings in our new project are approximately 350 basis points higher than on the remainder of our closings. Approximately 110 basis points of the sequential increase in gross margins was due to the current quarter change in our warranty and litigation accrual as a percentage of home sales revenue. Courtney, we are hearing some background noise, can you make sure all lines are on mute, please.
Stacey Dwyer: We don't have final members yet. We do expect to show a positive year-over-year comparison in January, and part of it's seasonal; part of it is driven by the tax credit. We would typically expect to see stronger traffic beginning about now. We always look at Super Bowl Sunday; we're a week before that, but we certainly would expect to see the stronger traffic. And we are seeing that in some of the reports that are coming in.
Stacey Dwyer: Actually, what we track at the corporate office is net sales. I couldn't tell you the conversion rate.
Stacey Dwyer: And cash flow for Q2, it will be positive. We are expecting a 350 to $2 million income tax receivable. So that's going to drive the cash flow from operations. In terms of whether we'd be cash flow positive without that, purely from an operational business basis, part of that will depend on what we do choose to do with our inventory of homes under construction, and that's going to be driven by the sales that we see over the next two months. Go ahead.
Stacey Dwyer: Those rules are not in effect yet, David. They are proposed and I believe the timing for implementation is going to be sometime this summer. So it's hard to answer. If the incremental 3% closing cost is the deciding factor between when someone can buy a home, then they may have to save a little longer. I mean, it kind of comes back to the same thing, that we were saying when some of the loan products went away you just have to plan a little longer, save a little longer to be able to get into a home.
Stacey Dwyer: That was up sequentially. We are still down a little bit year-over-year. We do expect that probably to lap that some time in the next couple of quarters and actually show a positive comparison year-over-year.
Stacey Dwyer: Probably the best indication we have of that, Rob, is the breakdown that we just gave you on the closings for new projects and the sales as a percentage of our mix, 16% of closings, 25% of sales, the rest of it's coming from legacy projects, some of which I would say not necessarily is mothballed, but it's just as we move into new phases or additional locations, we are bringing on some projects that were not previously active.
Stacey Dwyer: I would say right now, we don't have a rough idea that we'd have enough confidence in sharing with you; we certainly have our internal goal. A lot of it will depend on what we can bring online this year because when we're looking at option deals, our turnaround time to getting those open is really short. So if we are successful in tying out as many option contracts as we would expect, we could see a good increase. If we're not as successful, we could be flat-to- slightly up.
Stacey Dwyer: I think what your analysis is missing is that we're going to continue to sell homes this quarter. So not every home that is a spec today is going to be a spec when we report again at March 31.
Don Tomnitz: In summary, there were numerous positives for the quarter and most important of which include, we were profitable with a pre tax income of $42.8 million in the quarter. We saw a 45% increase in our sales with our ASP increasing both sequentially and year-over-year. Fully loaded homebuilding SG&A, which includes all corporate overhead as a percentage of revenue was 11.6% up only $1.4 million or 1% on a 36% increase in homes closed.  Positive cash flow for the past 14 consecutive quarters, now totaling over $5.4 million. We continue to reduce our debt as reflected on our $173 million of repurchases in Q1, our announced redemption of $95 million in senior notes due 2013 and $131 million of notes, which matured in January leaving us with only $85 million on remaining maturities in fiscal 2010.  Lastly and most importantly to answer some of our critics, it is clear we are selling homes at a profit. We're working our way to do our owned law positions as evidenced by our 17.1% gross margin this quarter. There are still challenges in home building industry. Rising foreclosures, high inventory levels of available homes, high unemployment, tightening FHA lending standards and weak consumer confidence. However, new home inventory remains low, interest rates are favorable, housing affordability as near record highs and near term demand should be boosted by the homebuyer tax credit. We will continue our focus on providing affordable homes for the first time buyer, controlling our cost, contracting for new communities with attractively price finished lots and maintaining our strong balance sheet.  Again, we want to thank all our DHI team members who continue to outperform all of our peers. We're especially proud of our sales team, which significantly out sold all of our competitions in the industry. D.R and I have never been more proud of you, keep up the great work DHI is leading the industry into the housing recovery. This concludes our prepared remarks and now we'll host any questions. 
Don Tomnitz: Well, clearly we're proud to start off the first quarter with a 17.1% gross margin. I believe as we move into the second quarter, which we're currently in today, we should be able to maintain that margin into the second quarter and even into the third quarter. After the tax credit expires and July 1 starts, I would anticipate our gross margins to run-off some in the fourth quarter. That's an unknown. As I say, it come July 1, we're going to have a new housing environment. We're prepared to deal with whatever comes at us, and if the tax credit expires and there's not another one, then we'll deal with that just as we've dealt with everything else.
Don Tomnitz: And Josh, we're not big believers in tracking traffic. What Don Horton and I are really focused on are tracking sales, and notwithstanding the fact that our traffic counts may be down or less, what we're really focused on is our conversion rate, and clearly as the traffic has declined over the years, giving different months in the fiscal year, our goal is, how do we convert the amount of traffic coming through our models at any one point in time.
Don Tomnitz: Actually we do believe that fourth quarter volumes will be less than the second quarter and the third quarter volumes just simply because we believe the number of sales, we don't know exactly how many, but we believe that a number of the sales are being driven by the tax credit. So to the extent that that tax credit expires, clearly I think that'll adversely affect our sales in the fourth quarter. Relative to inventory, we're focusing on reducing our inventory post-March to comply with the expiration of the tax credit. To the extent that there is more volume than we anticipate in the fourth quarter, we can ramp our inventory back up again.
Don Tomnitz: I think that's reflective; that's one of the reasons why we choose to share with you our watch list, because certainly as our watch list continues to decline, we anticipate our impairments to continue to decline.
Don Tomnitz: I'll take the first half if Stacey or Bill can take the second half. We believe we're properly positioned today with our inventory to meet the demand, i.e. the spec inventory to meet the demand that's going to be associated with the tax credit. Clearly what we are doing currently is to the extent that we need to start additional specs to replace spec sales and those inventory, those new spec units can turn and close by the expiration period which is June 30; then we'll start additional specs, but basically we're properly spec' today and it's only a replacement of specs as we need them to meet the 6/30 closing dates.
Don Tomnitz: Well, we're focused really on contracting for lots on an option basis with as little earnest money as possible. We are in a position where we really don't want to buy very many lots all-cash, unless it's at a significantly reduced price. The bottom line is, we're not anticipating as I mentioned to you earlier in the conference call, to spend very much on land development or land acquisition or even land development. What we're really focused on is contracting for option lots as well as purchasing some lots finished lots, on a all-cash basis if the yield is there.
Don Tomnitz: Yes, especially on an all-cash basis, as again most of our purchases were under option contracts where we're doing take-downs on a monthly or quarterly basis, most of them on a quarterly basis. So yes, we're basing those purchases of those lots based upon the pricing and absorptions of Q1 to the extent that the pricing erodes into Q2 of Q3 or whenever our next take-down is. Obviously the beautiful thing about the option contracts is that affords us the opportunity to go back and rework the price of those lots based upon what the absorption as well as of the sales price of the homes is.
Don Tomnitz: I put this in the category of no good deed shall go unpunished. To answer your question, in this company every day from the corporate level to the regional level to the division level, SG&A is a constant focus in this company and it has been for the 26.5 years I've been here, and it has been ever since Don Horton came from Arkansas to Texas, and probably it was when he was in Arkansas, he started focusing on SG&A. So I don't know how much more leverage we have, but clearly we are focused on trying to keep our SG&A at the current level or better. To the extent that we have fewer closings in Q2, that percentage could go up, but we have proven beyond any reasonable doubt over the last three years that we have been the most efficient operator in the industry with the lowest all-in fully loaded SG&A, and we will continue to be so.
Don Tomnitz: And as we said on our conference call, one of the things that we're looking at are all the different catalysts to our current sales and to the extent that one or two of those catalysts expire or have been canceled, then it's incumbent upon us as we have done over the last three arduous years, as I've said, to adjust our business model to deal with whatever the facts are at the time.
Don Tomnitz: Well, it's always interesting when they come to the dance late, which it seems like that our competitors are coming to the dance late, and that's one of the reasons we think that our Q4 will be a tougher quarter for us than any other quarter because clearly we have the spec inventory today. I think some of our competitors are just beginning to increase their spec levels and as a result, we could have additional excess new home capacity. Our inventory in the fourth quarter, and we'll have to deal with that as we see. Clearly, we're positioned and have been positioned during this entire downturn to meet the demand that's generated by the tax credit. I believe we are in a pre-imminent position; we've got the finished inventory in a number of our communities. We have spec inventory that's coming on at various stages of construction. So again, I think that by virtue of the fact that the home has to be sold by April 30 and closed by June the 30th, some people better increase their inventory turns to meet the deadlines that are in place. So we feel very good and there will be competition bringing on additional inventory, but it's not nearly as competitive as where we are in terms of our cost and our pricing structure.
Don Tomnitz: And please realize, we have been in an extraordinarily strong position over the last two to three quarters as we are one of the few builders starting any significant inventory in any of our subdivisions. And typically if you go subdivision-by-subdivision, as Don Horton and I do, and we see the competing subdivisions across the street from our existing subdivisions, we have started the most homes of anyone in the industry. So as a result, the sub-contractors and the vendors are very excited about doing our work and they're very excited about pricing it competitively, so we can continue to start more homes. We have been the lifeblood of a lot of our sub-contractors and vendors.
Don Tomnitz: I'll let Bill answer the second part of that question because he knows those numbers better than I, but I would say to you that we expect that 15% to increase as we continue to attract more and more sellers to us because one of the things that attract sellers to us is the fact that we are starting homes and we're carrying a higher spec inventory than most of our competitors. So we are a natural first-time buyer for lots compared to everybody else in the industry.
Don Tomnitz: And to touch on a pet peeve of mine, obviously that's a subjective analysis, and we're by tradition a much more conservative company than most of our peers, and so I would agree with Bill; it's not going to be something that's going to happen immediately.
Don Tomnitz: Well first of all, I think that you have to have job growth in the economy, and there is obviously no job growth to speak of today. And secondly I think we have to have consumer confidence, and thirdly I believe that a number of people in the country are still underwater on their mortgages, and I think those three things have to be cleared up before we start get back to more normalized margins. The way that we are managing our business model here is that we certainly think that we've got two more challenging years ahead of us. I don't expect job growth or consumer confidence to change dramatically. So I don't expect 18 to 22% gross margins on a consistent basis for a couple years. Well, that's a negative outlook, but it's a realistic one from here.
Don Tomnitz: That will be a tradition that continues. By the way, in the time period of opening our models, we have got construction superintendents and construction managers out there who are opening these communities in 15 days from the time that we sign the contract and pour the slab.
Don Tomnitz: First of all, I think we're better positioned than anyone in the industry with our current product as well as with our average sale prices. The way I look at the changes in all, whether it be FICO scores, whether it be the 3% to 6% or 6% to 3%, we're all going to have to deal with it as the buyers come in our door. And I think that we're properly positioned to do that. I think to take the noise away from the industry, it would be good to get whatever is going to be enacted, enacted, and whatever's going to be terminated, terminated so that we get back to a more normalized homebuilding environment and get the tax credits and that sort of thing out of our business so that we can fully compete with one another out there and we believe we're better positioned to compete in the industry than anyone else. So we're hoping that we get back to no tax credit, whatever the FHA percentage is, and let's move on and find out who's standing when it's all said and done.
Don Tomnitz: I think it's going to be a combination of both. But let me say clearly as Don Horton and I have been in the field for three weeks a month for the last two years, one of the things that we've done very well in this company, and we'd invite anyone who's listening or any of the analyst community to come out, we've really repositioned our products such that we are building in Albuquerque, homes from 800 square feet and larger. And in California, we're building homes that are selling from 160, down 50, 60% off the peak, so notwithstanding whatever changes, I think we're positioned with our product to the extent and with a good margin in it because we don't have loss leaders in this company; we track, as we've said for years, every house is a profit center for us. And we don't have loss leaders in any one community. So our low end product, our lowest priced product in the company should make the same gross margin as the remaining product in that particular subdivision. So we believe we're well-positioned to handle whatever comes at us.
Don Tomnitz: Mike, along those lines to follow up on your question of earlier, there are a lot of competitors trying to figure out what they really are. They're analyzing this subdivisions and their product lines and all these sorts of things to try to create these niches. There's one thing about Horton. Truly the heart of the market today is entry-level. We know what we are; we're the king of entry-level and no one understands it like we do. So we're well-positioned to continue to capitalize on the heart of the market.
Don Tomnitz: Yeah. There's no question that there is shadow inventory out there. I was reading a bunch of reports last night before this conference call, and it's astounding to me, one, that still the high level of people who are underwater on their mortgages in some of the key markets for the whole industry as well as the number of people who are delinquent and in foreclosure, coupled with the fact of the bank inventory of foreclosed units. So I think we're going to be continually dealing with that over the course of the next couple of years. That's why we think the next couple of years in the industry will be challenging. The thing that can help the industry the most is for us to begin to have some, as we've had, stabilization in values. I was looking at a list of our ASPs and it's pretty interesting to me; out of 33 of the markets that we track, we really only, in our humble opinion, have weakness in our pricing in about four or five of those markets and the rest of our markets have stabilized pretty well. But to get back to a point where we have some appreciation in housing values, I think is the only thing that's going to make our industry better going forward. We're going to be fighting the shadow foreclosure, the delinquencies, all of these people underwater on their mortgages. We have to get housing values back somewhere closer to where they were, which is a long-term process.
Don Tomnitz: Well, I think the answer to both questions is yes. Currently we still see an adequate supply of lots in most of our markets of what we call finished lots, owned by others who we can buy on an option basis. We do have land that is mothballed. We pull some of the land out every quarter and begin to develop it when it makes economic sense for us to develop it. So as a result, I think most of our lot inventory houses will continue to be built on the 22,000 lots that we own. That's our goal, to work our way through our existing lot inventory as well as to work our way through our 24,000 option lots, and continue to add to those. We have some partially finished lots. Once we get finished with the vast majority of our 22,000 finished lots, then we'll start focusing on how we work our way through the partially finished lots. I somewhat, am disappointed as people continue to focus on our owned lot inventory. And I would say to you that we've done a wonderful job of continuing to work our way through our owned lot inventory as it makes economic sense and supplementing that with option deals. The fact that we have $1.9 billion in cash, we're one of the few builders starting specs in most of our markets, makes us the pre-eminent buyer for these option deals. So I look at our owned lot inventory and say, it's slowly but surely being merged in with our closings on option lots, and we're having a wonderful merged gross margin on both product lines.
Don Tomnitz: While he's looking up that number, I will agree with you that one of our shareholders at our annual meeting noticed that Horton was smiling. He walked up and said, well, must be that you're returning to profitability, Horton, because you're smiling. So you're exactly right, he is smiling. And he doesn't smile much.
Don Tomnitz: Firmly one, I'll combine all of Texas and hopefully that will suffice, but I look at Houston, it had an extraordinary quarter and is having an extraordinary second quarter. I say the same thing about San Antonio and both of our Dallas/Fort Worth markets and even a tough market like Austin is right now; we're doing very well in Austin. So I think Texas, because of the fact that we didn't have any big peak, we didn't have much of a valley, and we have good job growth in Texas. I was reading the other day that we're expected to generate the 100,000 new jobs in Texas in calendar year 2010.  So I look at Texas as certainly a strong market. And the weak markets continue to be Las Vegas, and certainly Phoenix. There are a lot of people underwater on their mortgages in both of those markets and there are foreclosures and delinquencies. The good thing about both of those markets is that the listings are declining in each one of those markets. And that's a function of a couple of things, I think people are taking their homes off the market because they can't sell them. And secondly, I think the banks are doing a good job of metering out the foreclosed homes they have. So that's my read on the strong and the weak.
Don Tomnitz: I think it's becoming a more competitive environment, both at the number of potential buyers as well as the pricing. Certainly I think that the investors who entered the market three years ago entered a tad early. I think the investors who are entering today think that the homebuilding environment is going to continue to improve. And we'll have to see what that holds. As we said earlier, we can see our way to July 1, and then thereafter we'll have to see what the homebuilding market affords us. We're well-positioned to meet whatever the challenges are, but I think in general, for a temp I think there could be temporary market condition where we've got more buyers and at higher prices than what we've encountered over the course of the past 12 months. It's not good, but those are the facts.
Don Tomnitz: Well, and that's going to vary by subdivision and division, depending upon the size of the product and how complicated it is, but it also depends upon the division, but largely speaking, we can deliver product in some of our markets within 60 days and in some markets it's going to take us four months. So each one of our divisions and each one of our subdivisions, in terms of supplementing our existing specs, we are looking at whether or not we have time to construct those and meet the 6/30 deadline.
Don Tomnitz: Thank you, and thank you for joining our conference call. Once again I give all of our teammates out there our heartfelt congratulations and appreciation because you absolutely outperformed the industry this quarter. As I said on my email this morning, now we have to go do it quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter, and we have a challenging second quarter ahead of us, but fully we expect all of you to do as good a job as you did in the first quarter. Our goal is to make money, a profit in each one of the four quarters this year and for the fiscal year. So, let's go do it again. You're only as good as your last deal. Thank you, and good-bye.
Bill Wheat: This is Bill. We would expect to be able to maintain our margin just inclusive of all of those factors, the change in warranty accruals, the change in capitalized interest in property taxes, are normal occurring adjustments. Sometimes they're increases; sometimes they're decreases, but we expect to be able to maintain our margins for the next quarter or two in the range we reported this quarter.
Bill Wheat: It's already taken into account. We expect as long as volumes and margins stay at reasonable levels in Q2, we expect our impairments in Q2 to remain at a relatively low level. We will start getting a better read on where core demand is, where core margins are post-the tax credit at the end of April, and then we will factor that into our impairment evaluations.
Bill Wheat: And clearly a driver of our cash flow is our closings volume, and as we've stated, we do expect to close fewer homes in our second quarter. So that we will not have that driver of cash flow in the second quarter and we expect it to increase again in the third.
Bill Wheat: And the way we're managing our overall lot inventory is we are focused on our position of owned finished lots. Today we own about 22,000 finished lots; that's a little more than a year's supply. That's pretty good. We have 24,000 optioned lots, which the vast majority of those are finished lots as well. So we have those in position, in a flexible low-risk position, to be able to bring into our own supply as need be. So we are focused really on our own finished lots position.
Bill Wheat: We've been preparing to report better gross profit margins. Our people have been working all this past year to reduce their costs, adjust their products and then adjust their pricing and incentive levels to the new product. And so really, it's the culmination of the work over the past year. Our core margins showed dramatic improvement this quarter for several factors. First, we've done a lot of work on our costs. Secondly, there still is the effect of prior impairments, although the effective impairments this quarter was actually less than it was in the fourth quarter. And as we have seen over the last several quarters, we have continued to work through our older specs, and so we had less of an impact from old completed specs moving through our closings this quarter. So really all of those factors contributed to the improvement in our core margin.
Bill Wheat: In terms of our homes under construction, we have 11,500 total homes under construction, of which 1100 of those are models. That's basically flat in total with where we were a quarter ago. We have 7300 of those homes are spec this quarter. So we're prepared for the selling season with those specs. And just a bit more color in terms of visibility on where the new project percentages could go, during the first quarter, our sales in our new projects were 25% of our total sales. So we're seeing that increase coming down the line and where it could go, that'll be really the result of the work of our people in continuing to work and sign up new projects, but we will see the increase coming in forward quarters.
Bill Wheat: We have it. We typically don't report our individual month results. We did state on our last conference call that obviously October was a good month of sales as we were nearing the tax credit expiration. We saw a seasonal decline in November and in December, both seasonally and with the expiration of the tax credit.
Bill Wheat: We do expect it to come down somewhat over the year, primarily though because we have reduced our debt and our interest incurred is declining. It's a little difficult to predict exactly where the balance of interest incurred and where our active inventory will be versus our debt, and that will largely be dependent on what we see in the marketplace. Right now and in the next couple of quarters, I don't expect our active inventory to increase much over the current levels. If we see better stability in the marketplace and we choose to increase our inventory down the line, then we would see an increase there, but that's a little difficult to predict on the active inventory right now.
Bill Wheat: Well, I knew we would get this question. Well, it's nice to actually be able to talk about the future potential of that, since we did have a profitable quarter. In all discussions around the potential of bringing that back onto our balance sheet, basically what we will have to show is some consistent trend of profitability and expectations and visibility to a good solid future trend of future profitability before we can start considering bringing the valuation allowance on our deferred tax credit, off. So we don't expect that will be an event that's going to occur in the next couple of quarters, but depending on our profitability, depending on where we see in the marketplace later in this year and our visibility into 2011 and beyond, then we'll start evaluating that, but it's not a next couple of quarter event.
Bill Wheat: Yeah, on both litigation and warranty, really they are estimates and largely estimates of expectations of future claims based on the history of our claims, based on our tail of closings that we have closed in the past. And so each quarter as we close homes, we book an estimate of what we expect those future claims would be, and then we adjust any of our estimates based on claims history. If you recall last quarter, the impact in the current quarter. On a percentage of revenues was actually hurt our margin by around 50 basis points if I recall. This quarter, the adjustment there relative to last quarter was an improvement of 110 basis points. And so really, what we look at is our experience in terms of both the warranty and litigation, we look at our tail and typically we are adding to those accruals each quarter as we close additional homes. It's just a matter of how much we add relative to the revenue that we had in the quarter. This quarter we had a much higher closings volume, and so the relative change in the overall accrual had a less impact.
Bill Wheat: In terms of the impairment release this quarter, on homes gross margin that was $117 million release that had an impact of 10.5% on margin. That's actually a lower impact than last quarter when we had $134 million run through and a 13.3% impact last quarter. And in terms of overall incentive percentages compared to history, we don't report those in terms of specific numbers because a lot of things go into that. But where we are today with our adjusted product, with our adjusted cost, with our pricing that we have set based on that cost in the marketplace today, clearly we are offering fewer incentives than we were a year or two ago. You go into a subdivision and we have our standard price and you have your standard incentive package that's there. But that's less than we were offering a year or two ago.
Bill Wheat: Well clearly in a more healthy housing environment where there's job growth and there's a demand that we've seen at healthier times in the past, clearly yeah, there could be a time when we would see fewer incentives than we see today, but as Don has shared, we still are very realistic about what the future may hold and the overall health of the economy and the housing market. So we could be a ways away from that sort of environment again.
Bill Wheat: Tim, a year ago our total homes under construction at December 31, 2008 were 10,700 homes. And at that point in time we had 1400 models.
Bill Wheat: Yeah, 3100 under construction. Okay, but we talked about, we need to achieve greater than 100% backlog conversion.
Bill Wheat: It will be in backlog. If it has not closed, it will be in backlog at March 31 and we have one more quarter to then close that backlog.
