Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that can lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's Annual Report on Form 10-K which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For your convenience, this morning's earnings release can be found on our Web site at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q in the next few days. After the conclusion of the call, we will post updated supplementary historical data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section, under news and events for your reference. The supplementary information includes historical data on gross margins, changes in active selling communities, product mix, and our mortgage operations. Now I’ll turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Eric. As David mentioned we’ve been very pleased with the rollout of Express. We’ve talked to you for several quarters that the majority of that business has been in Texas, the Carolinas, and Florida. That’s still the case, the majority of our sales and closings are coming out of those Markets, but we are starting to see a more meaningful share from some other parts of the country and the next largest State for us actually right now is California and the majority of that’s in our Southern California Markets and that is bringing our average price point for Express up. This quarter it was $199,000 dollars and so next in the quarter, more than likely we will be over the $200,000 mark with our Express homes product offering, but really just due to geographic mix and we’ve been very pleased with the rollout of Express in those other markets, in addition to Texas, Carolinas and Florida where the reception still remains very strong.
Jessica Hansen: We saw an increase in our absorptions in every region Mike, outside of the mid-west. And the mid-west is a very small region for us and it does include Chicago which we pointed to for a while now is being a weaker market of ours, but otherwise every region in terms of sales on a year-over-year basis was up, as we did see a decline in our community count in half of our regions. And as we noted already our count -- community count was relatively flat. It was up just only slightly at about 1% on a year-over-year basis. So we’re seeing a good pick up in absorptions in a majority of our markets today I would say.
Jessica Hansen: And Bob in terms of what we saw in price changes, our revenues per square foot outpaced our stick and brick per square foot on a year-over-year basis for the second time, so we've gotten to where that's in check. Sequentially that was essentially net neutral so you saw our margin pick up by 10 basis points year-over-year, and stays flat from Q4 to Q1. We are continuing to experience higher land costs, but in about the same range year-over-year as we were last quarter. So flat gross margins.
Jessica Hansen: We’re actually getting price. If we look at our price per square foot which is the best way we can try to look at our business apples-to-apples, we did see a low single digit increase.
Jessica Hansen: We’re in 48 markets and 15 states today. But to echo David’s comments, we haven’t fully saturated the markets that we’re currently in with Express. So there’s more runway within those 48 plus expanding to the mid 60s.
Jessica Hansen: Houston has been relatively stable for us on a year-over-year basis. So we didn’t see a further slowdown in Houston, but we’re often not seeing any meaningful pickup. We continue to see our lower priced Express homes, very steady demand, steady sales pace that has been mentioned a couple of times on the call. It’s definitely softer at the higher end. But we continue to see good, steady demand for the entry level and people moving out of apartments where we’re providing an attractive rent versus buy equation and driving people into the sales offices each week. So we continue to have a close eye on Houston. We are not heavily reinvesting in Houston right now. We are replenishing where it makes sense and where we can continue to add those entry level product offerings.
Jessica Hansen: And we are still just running a low single digit percentage increase on cost per square foot, stick and brick.
David V. Auld: In closing, our first quarter growth in sales and profits and the improvement in our pre-tax margin are the result of the strength of our people and operating platform. We are excited and prepared for the spring selling season and opportunities ahead. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pre-tax profit at a double-digit annual pace while continuing to generate positive cash flows and improved returns. We are well-positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet; industry-leading market share; broad geographic footprint; diversified product offering across our D.R. Horton, Emerald, and Express brands; attractive finished lot and land positions; and, most importantly, our tremendous team across the country. We would like to thank all of our employees for the continued hard work and we look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations during 2016. Let’s keep the momentum from January going, week-by-week into the spring. This concludes our prepared remarks. We’ll now host questions.
David V. Auld: Well, we’ve a positive tone, because we’re seeing positive things happen out in the market. And with the absorptions improvement on the relatively flat community count, less pressure on margins, it was a good first quarter, and what we’re seeing going into January gives us a lot of confidence. 
David V. Auld: Well, I don’t think we’re drawing back inventory. As a matter of fact, we’re guiding, I think, this year to be up 15%, 20% and what we’re pushing out.
David V. Auld: Spending, yes. So the focus on efficiency gains and returns, I think are have little to do with what we’re thinking about whether the market is going to be good or bad. It has a lot to do with, I think, driving to become the best Company in the industry. And the liquidity and strong balance sheet gives us a lot of flexibility and we will see what we do with the cash. I mean, it’s …
David V. Auld: Stephen, pretty much across the board on what we’re targeting pushing out. The Express has been the driver, I think of market share gains, but Texas is in good shape. I’ve spend the last two weeks driving the Dallas Fort Worth areas and I can tell you, if you can put a house in Texas and pretty much any market and sell it to make a margin at 250, you’re going to sell houses. So we’re focused on improving the value of the customer. We are focused on driving absorption levels up on a community-by-community basis and that has been a successful strategy for us in Texas. Whereas revenues and by cities, yes number one, Dallas Fort Worth, like we’re 15% of the market share today. And to be honest with you, we believe we can expand that. So we love Texas.
David V. Auld: Well as far as the market picking up, as we continue to push out the Express brand, we’re continuing to see consistent absorption and demand. So we’re in the process of pushing that brand out across the country and everywhere we’ve gone, we’ve seen good absorption and margins at or above what we underwrote them at. 
David V. Auld: I would -- this is David. I would say no baked in. We are attempting to continue to do what we’ve been doing which is consolidate market share in a market-by-market program. We are measuring and trying to control the finished inventory and keep it turning, because that drives SG&A leverage and it also drives significant efficiencies in the operations, so …
David V. Auld: Actually pretty consistent. There is a slower movement on the Emerald, the higher price points are not seeing the same levels of activity that we are seeing in the Horton or the Express brands.
David V. Auld: I’d say rate of change over the last couple of quarters. I can tell you right now January started off very good.
David V. Auld: I would say pretty consistent with where it’s been, and we’re going to drive where it’s going. So the Express program is price point driven. So we set absorption targets and drive to that price point. So its -- we’re -- I just -- the overall Express program has been well received and continues to exceed what we thought it would be when it came out.
David V. Auld: I think we’re looking for to continue, to aggregate market share market-by-market. I think we’re looking at double digit growth year-over-year and profit sales and closing. So its -- we get what we believe is a sustainable program and the fact that we’re generating cash and improving our balance sheet while gaining efficiency. It’s just going to open a lot of opportunities for us down the road.
David V. Auld: I’ll tell you Ken, we’re not seeing that in the markets we’re operating at. The resale market is still relatively strong with continuing positive signs, so I mean, our inventory turns are improving, our absorption per flag are improving with stable and in some cases improving margins. So we feel very good about the market right now, and are not seeing other than obviously Houston slow, but the balance of our markets are doing very, very well.
David V. Auld: We don't have an exact breakdown of the investors. Anecdotally I'd tell you it's very low what we are hearing about any investor sales. A lot of its just people that are moving out of a rental situation into a home that they can afford.
David V. Auld: We had real weather in the fourth quarter in a couple of our bigger markets, across the Carolinas and really Dallas Fort Worth. But as Mike points out we have weather every quarter. So would our numbers have been better with typical weather? Yes, they would have been. But we're very happy with the numbers we posted, and I think we're going to have a great year.
David V. Auld: I think the confidence is coming from being in touch with the operators out in the divisions, and what they sense and what they feel is taking place in their markets. And across the board, our people feel very good about what's happening out there. The labor side, I would say it's still stressed, but seems to be improving, and the trade bases are starting to add people. I think a big part of the improvement we're seeing is the consistency of production in the community-by-community is allowing these trades to staff and maintain a workforce to hit those numbers. And it’s taken awhile to get there, but they are adding people. I think our trade base is seeing -- is becoming more and more confident as well.
David V. Auld: I would tell you, Bob, I spent a week drive in Dallas and a week drive in Forth Worth in January. And when I got back I told Horton I had to get out of the field, because if I stayed in Dallas and Forth Worth, I would become way too aggressive buying land. It is a go to market as I’ve seen. And as to Houston, I think that there’s a lot of conversation, a lot of uncertainty, a lot of volatility within the oil and gas business, which I think is making people more conservative about buying homes. I think there’s still pent up demand in Houston, I think that pent up demand is growing. But it is just not the frenzy that we’ve seen in the past or is really taking place in some of the other Texas markets.
David V. Auld: It’s pretty much across the board. I mean, we’re seeing the construction labor force increase, and I think our strive to create more efficiency in the process of building, selling homes and trying to actually take some labor out of a per foot, square foot cost of the home has paid off. And our trays are making money and we’re seeing less pressure on the cost side, and I think providing more value for the customer. So we feel like we are positioned to deliver our year.
David V. Auld: I think there are probably, we’re in 78 markets. We probably will end up mid 60’s primarily because some markets just don’t. We don’t allow you to do a market with your product and we’re not going to give up the Horton brand to sell Express. We have a lot of opportunities still to increase our position within most of the markets, and are actively out there looking every day to do that.
David V. Auld: I mean, we’re allocating capital to the programs that are driving the best returns. And right now, Express is driving great returns.
David V. Auld: And Michael, just to add a little more color. We have some, what I would call A plus project location positions in Houston that or maybe at the price point that we’re seeing less demand for. And we’re not going to accelerate or liquidate those positions, so we will see lower absorptions in those communities. And these are, they are communities we can't go replace and don’t want to. So its -- we’re going to protect the value and our core projects, take absorption at the 250 to 300 range. And if you’re looking at what I look at, almost zero margin deterioration on the projects that are at the price point that are turning right now. And we don’t nor do we want to force sales in a core project where we have been selling 350 to 450 and are just seeing our absorptions reduce. That’s my color on Houston. I think probably, always going to be a tremendous market for us for a long time.
David V. Auld: We are very strong in the -- I mean, we dominate the 250 to 300 -- 200 to 300 price point in Houston, and we’re going to continue to dominate that. And if you look at our, the benefit, one of the many benefits of being in the orders of broad geographic footprint when the upper end in Houston slows down, the entry level in Denver accelerates. So, I mean, we have a lot of leverage to pull. My consistent comment to the people inside of the company is, it’s going to be us. Because we can hit our plan and without being forced to sell a project we don’t want to sell at the pace that its being running at.
David V. Auld: We’re pretty much running on our absorption targets. So, I think we will, as we continue to push up the Express brand and follow up replacing the Horton positions, I think we will see some community count growth. We don’t have visibility in that today. We do have visibility in what we know we can deliver.
David V. Auld: I think the labor side has been minimized for us because we set absorption targets per community and drive to that. So we have consistency within the communities. And our trades are not out there looking for work one-week and then add twice what they can do the next.
David V. Auld: And I’d also like to add, it’s a beautiful day in Texas today. So, sun is shining on somebody somewhere everyday.
David V. Auld: Well, I don’t -- we have a hard and tough time managing our people. I don’t want to get into trying to help them help themselves. So I don’t know. And all we do is, get up every day and operate and pursue to be the best we can be. I think we’re tough competition. Maybe they just -- I don’t know.
David V. Auld: I will say, we were first movers, and we were aggressive first movers. And I would believe that, the other companies that are also good at driving value will be following us in it. But then we bought the lion share of the finish lots and when we saw all those success, we started investment, investing in development -- developing lots of -- we just have a head start and I’m sure they’re coming.
David V. Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time today and look forward to speaking with you again in April. Again, special thanks to the D.R. Horton team, outstanding first quarter, outstanding start to the year.
Bill W. Wheat: And Nishu just to share -- just a little bit more about January, we’re seeing week-by-week accelerating sales pace as we’d expect to see in January and certainly consistent with typical seasonality and certainly in line with our expectations and our budget. So we’re feeling good about what we’re seeing so far, what we produced in the first quarter, sales we’re seeing so far in January are right in line with our plans and certainly is sufficient to generate the volume that we’re guiding too for the year.
Bill W. Wheat: Nishu, we still see opportunities to invest in the business. We still do expect our land spend to be up -- land and development spend to be up 20% this year. We’re continuing to add lots under option contracts and control for future growth in that direction. But as David said, continuing to drive a more efficient business model for our self helps us improve our operational disciplines across the board. And that’s been a consistent focus we’ll have with this Company for a long time and we are seeing a lot of this results bearing fruit right now. And we will be looking to pay off debt with the existing cash. We just paid off, I think, $170 million in January and we’ve another maturity in April of $370 million.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, Steven, first to your comment about this, replenishing our land supply. We feel very good about the level of our land supply in terms of what we own and we’re that the 20% or greater spend that we’re essentially expecting. Does replenish our land supply. We thought that is a sufficient level to support the growth expectations and guidance that we have provided, but we’ve provided, but we’re definitely taking a balanced approach, and keeping the investment levels within a disciplined range. And with that, that’s definitely generating a lot of cash flow, as far as how we look at our cash positions today, we talked a bit about our debt -- debt maturities, to the extend the market is favorable. We would still issue new debt, to refinance rates are still certainly very attractive. And we continue to look for investments in our business. We see great investments that would push our lands spending up to 25% or 30%. We feel like a generator great return. We will do that and as Michael already talked about M&A, there are a lot of opportunities and hopefully there will be some come along that meet our threshold and this cash position puts us in a great flexible opportunistic position to be able to take advantage of that. And so today in terms of priorities, we’d list investing in our business, which would include potential M&A. Taking care of our debt maturity is a long way as our top priorities and beyond that we’re going to remind in a flexible and opportunistic position for the next year.
Bill W. Wheat: We feel like we are in a good position for the spring, started a lot of houses in the first quarter, we’re going to start with a lot of houses in the Second Quarter to feed the sales that we expect, but with that just like we are with the land we are remaining disciplined community by community and so I think we’ve gotten a bit more efficient with turning our specs over the last year.
Bill W. Wheat: And growth is a core part of that strategy. Growth at a double digit pace is a core part of that strategy but it is a balance strategy. Our guidance for this year in terms of top line revenue equates to 11% to 15% annual increase. Our closings guidance for the year equates to an 8% to 13% increase. And so our expectations this year are to be in the low double digit range which from our perspective is solid growth and in line with our expectations, and this quarter with our sales pace it’s in the range of our expectations for the year and certainly puts us in position to continue a consistent growth. Our investment levels, we’ve gotten a lot of our growth the last couple of years from absorption improvements with the Express roll out while our average community count has moderated. Our expectations this year is well we’ll still see absorption improvements. It won't be quite at the pace it was in prior years but we still expect solid absorption improvements. And then certainly going forward when we achieve a much better level of efficiency then perhaps in future growth at a double digit pace may come from some further community count growth. But today and for this year we expect low -- flat to low single digit of community count growth with improved absorptions to drive a double digit revenue growth.
Bill W. Wheat: We really haven’t seen an appreciable impact in a delay in closings. Our teams have worked very hard to prepare for the changing rules and worked with our captain mortgage company, GHM Mortgage those folks have done a yeoman’s job preparing for this change as well as working with our preferred lenders. So we really didn’t see a material impact on our closings for the quarter. We’ll continue to improve our processes and try to become more efficient and make it a good experience for the buyers.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, no doubt. To be prepared for the new regulations are our mortgage company financial services operation had to make significant investments primarily in personal. The effort to comply is a big one and in order to meet those regulations and provide that experience to the home buyers they’ve had to increase cost there. Typically those from a seasonal basis we see our lower operating margins in our first and second quarters and our lower volume quarters, and then we typically see higher than average operating margins and financial services in Q3 and Q4. And so, the margin here this quarter in the low 20s certainly does not preclude achieving the 30% to 33% guidance for the year.
Bill W. Wheat: Certainly do appreciate it. It has been a serious storm. It’s impacted a lot of people. But we feel its fortunate it’s early in our quarter, and our operating teams will be able to take care of our existing home owners in the communities and deal with the homes that are in backlog and the specs that are out there today, and be ready for sales next weekend.
Michael J. Murray: So we will with the 370 maturing, we’ve adequate cash to pay that off today. And to be opportunistic if we look at any portion, some or all that in a refinancing depending upon where the markets look like and timing to hit that. With M&A, we continue to be very included, if you will, and look at a lot of opportunities. Borrowers pretty high for us and looking at acquisitions that make sense. We’ve a great footprint today. We have good operations, and adding on to that is a high bar. So we are -- we would be very disciplined with on the M&A front.
Michael J. Murray: It’s been running at a very high pace in terms of lots of activity for a while. I wouldn’t say it’s picked up in the past quarter. It’s been running at a good clip.
Michael J. Murray: To the competitive landscape certainly the entry level the lower end of the market is certainly the strongest right now and any time we see that in the market we expect further competition. You are right, we haven’t seen a whole lot in a lot of our Markets, we probably haven't seen as much as we expected, but we do expect more as time goes on.
Michael J. Murray: I think what we’re seeing with good absorption in the communities, its taking pressure off of the margins and its giving us in certain communities little bit of pricing power to reduce incentives, and that’s been showing up positively in margins. We plan to continue that. The Plan A is to maintain the absorption pace that we budgeted for the year, and we’re seeing the market being very cooperative to that.
Michael J. Murray: It’s hard to know exactly where the contributions are sitting here in January not knowing what the spring is doing the whole. We’re certainly seeing good early signs, but clearly the strength of the spring selling season will help determine our year, it will determine where we land in our range or whether we could perhaps exceed our range, so it’s here in January, feeling good. We feel good about our position, our preparations for the spring, and then we’ll go try to execute as best we can over the next few months, and we’ll know a whole lot more when we talk to you next quarter.
Michael J. Murray: But entry level housing is something we’ve done for a very long time. It’s a core competency of our business. And with our footprint and with that competency among our operating teams across the country, it’s something that we’ve -- we got a lot of practice at. So it’s something we’re focused on, and like we said earlier, it’s a good market and there’s a lot of demand there. We do expect some more competition down the line, and I think that would be a natural next step in the cycle.
Michael J. Murray: Well the area that we’ve watched the most closely that we have less visibility too or the closings with outside lenders, obviously our internal mortgage company, our captive closings that we have more visibility in that process and feel confident about that. But with outside lenders it’s something we watch closely division-by-division where they have relationships with outside lenders. They’re working with them to make sure that we had the visibility to hit things on time, but I think that’s where the greater risk is. But I honestly think month-by-month as everyone in the process gets more used to it, I think it will get smoother and any disruptions that may have occurred thus far, I think will be alleviated over the coming months.
