Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal 2020 in addition to current market conditions. Before we get started, today’s call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, all of which are or will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-Q in the next day or two. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News & Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Mike. Our community count was flat both sequentially and year-over-year. And as you can imagine, with our very strong sales pace, we might not be in a position to see community count growth in Q4. It will probably stay closer to flat, maybe slightly down. But we have the lot position to continue to deliver homes and communities going forward. So, we feel very confident in our ability to continue to drive absorptions and ultimately have some community count growth that may just be pushed a little bit further out later next year.
Jessica Hansen: Yes, our company-wide – I apologize for the background noise on the line. I am not sure where that’s coming from. Okay. And in terms of our overall company-wide ROI, Mike, we are at 21.6%, which I think is probably a record return on inventory that we have generated that delivering, almost 20% return on equity as well. So we will continue to balance that pace in prices, as Mike mentioned, to maximize returns for both inventory and equity.
Jessica Hansen: And then, Mike, on the sold not started, we’re running low double digit a little over 10% sold not started, which we normally I think would be in a low single-digit percentage. Maybe….
David Auld: In closing, our results reflect the strength of our experienced operational teams and it’s relating market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions. And we plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of our company. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts during this time have been remarkable. We are proud of your work ethic and your positive spirit as you safely continue helping our customers close on their much anticipated new homes. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: Labor has been a challenge throughout this entire market cycle. So, we focused early on, on driving efficiency through the operation, partnering with our labor trades and have seen the benefit of that all the way through this cycle. The reality is, as I think Mike will tell you, the build cycles continue to be very, very stable and just the process of how we build and how we treat our trades has proven to be very effective in managing this situation.
David Auld: I will add that we don’t – we are not in a position where we need to go at. And it really does have to be a great fit and at this point they would have to want to join our family and it’s not going to be a stretch kind of a win-win for them and us.
David Auld: The focus right now is on driving a consistent sustainable start program, week to week, project by project. And as we continue to execute that, I think our spec accounts will come to what we historically have carried.
David Auld: I would say, as to the branding, we are seeing uptick in demand for both Freedom and the D.R. Horton brand. As to the state question, I would say we’re seeing increase in demand from both of my profiles. The relocation of people down to a more affordable tax-friendly environment continues. I think COVID maybe is even accelerating that. Pricing is something we track week-to-week, based upon demand at each individual flag and it’s kind of – I’ve always considered pricing at our sites. You want to – you never want to be in a position where you push pricing so hard that you have to come back and adjust it back down. You always want people to feel like if they buy today, they will save a little bit money – they will save money versus buying 6 months or a year from now. So, fortunately, our company, the entire structure and mentality is that those decisions are made in the individual communities and divisions and the people that are closest to the market actually, we feel make a better decision than we can make up here.
David Auld: It really is a testimony to our people and our positioning out there, but it’s a very-very-very good market right now.
David Auld: No signs of slowing. It’s just a lot of uncertainty out there that is completely outside of our control. If you just look at long-term price in the industry, demographics, where the supply is versus where the future demand is going to be or should be even today, you got to feel very-very good about the long term. But in this industry, I mean you saw what happened at the end of March completely out from nowhere. So, I do think we will have a lot more visibility as we get into the November/December time period next year, and hopefully we can reinstate the guidance numbers that we can then turnaround again.
David Auld: We are always going to be conservative. I mean, if you got Bill Wheat for a CFO, you are going to have conservative.
David Auld: I think – well, this is David. I think that’s a trend that was in place before the COVID-19 program and I think it’s really tied toward the millennial being a more conservative disciplined buyer of homes than previous generations. They were forming households later, having children later, and I think this pandemic has accelerated that trend. And like – what do you call it – pent-up demand or pull forward demand or there is just a whole lot of people out there that I think are going to be looking for housing over the next five plus years.
David Auld: As to California, we are seeing stability and consistency out there today. We have reset our product and positioning out there to the entry level pretty much everywhere we can and it’s driving better returns today than it has in the last 4 or 5 years.
David Auld: Land prices are going to go up as absorptions continue to move up. So, our focus has been and will continue to be relationships with the developers. The fact that our operational teams in these markets have been there a long time, have great relationships with land sellers I think gives us some advantage. Our ability to close gives us an advantage. Our absorptions per flag, if you are developing lots, you want to be selling to somebody who is going to drive very high absorptions. So it’s – I do believe we have a competitive advantage, people and capital and just operational efficiency. So I can tell you right now we are seeing a lot of deals. The COVID scare, I think, really created opportunities for us to open relationships with sellers that had been primarily selling through other competitors. So, feel very good about our land position today and the things we put in place to sustain that over time.
David Auld: Certainly, in a strong demand environment where we have been selling a lot of completed specs, the gap between margins between specs and built-to-order is narrower than normal, but still, typically we do still see higher gross margins on a on a built-to-order versus the spec, but today that gap is a little tighter than usual.
David Auld: Sure. There is a lot of moving pieces right now. We went through a very volatile quarter in terms of demand in terms of what we had to do in our operations and in the adjustments we have made there and still going forward, it’s in our forward visibility. We are seeing extremely strong demand. We have seen a sell-through of our spec inventory. So we are actively reaccelerating our specs now. So first and foremost, we are focused on our business and what we feel like we need to reinvest to keep our spec inventory at the level we would like and keep our lot inventory replenished. And so until we get a better sense of what that need is in the core business, then we will adjust our – then we will put our plans in place for share repurchase over the next few months, we will be sitting down with all of our operators across the company and putting in place our business plans for fiscal ‘21. And as we get that set, then that will help further define and give us better clarity on what we’ll do in terms of our share repurchase. So, our statement is we are going to cautiously manage our share repurchase and we still have an authorization in place and we’ll update those plans accordingly as we get better visibility in our business.
David Auld: Right now, we are very comfortable with our lot position going out into ‘21. We have seen significant and competitive advantage results from the continued consolidation and market share gains. There is – what we focus on internally is consistent sustainable operations and feel very good about our pace right now. The market is certainly there and the pricing side – short-term price increases actually increase demand sometimes. So, again, it’s an art and we leave those decisions to local markets. So, like Bill said, over the next 30 days we will be putting together an operating plan for ‘21 finalizing. I guess, we’ve had one for some time, but finalizing it and that will drive a lot more visibility about how we’re going to position for ‘21 and then ‘22 and then ‘23.
David Auld: And just to add, the amount of stimulus that’s already been pushed out and will continue to be pushed out I think between now and the end of the year is going to impact the markets for multiple years. It’s just a lot of liquidity that will filter through the overall economy and I think have a positive impact on housing and people’s ability to buy a house.
David Auld: Mike, the pace versus price versus margin has a lot to do with community size or it is in the community. You may push price in a community where you’re on the back end of it and your deliveries sales pace is going to be three or four months’ worth of inventory or 6 or 7 months’ worth of inventory. And then you have other communities where you might have a thousand lots in front of you and driving pace actually generates a higher return than trying to find that absolute right margin dollar that either cuts off sales or allows sales to increase. And we trust our operators in the field to make those decisions we incentivize them to make good decisions. And it’s a model that’s been a part of the company for the 32 years I’ve been here and it seems to be working. So, it really is a community by community process.
David Auld: We could do better and we can make better decisions pretty much every day. You get up and don’t make a mistake, you probably didn’t do anything. So, we’re going to walk through communities with our operators and we’re going to talk to them. Are you making the decision that is going to drive the highest return for the shareholder? But ultimately, what we have seen over years and years and years is that when you empower people and you give them authority and responsibility, they become better managers and their relationship – it’s a culture. I mean, it’s who we are. And we are just not going to sit up here and try to drive pricing decisions in a community and pick any market you want to.
David Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everybody’s time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in November. And to the D.R. Horton family, once again, you have outperformed the industry, setting record – all-time record for sales – 21,500 sales, unbelievable accomplishment. D.R. Horton, the entire executive team, we are humbled and thankful that we are here to represent you.
Bill Wheat: Good morning, Alan. We continue to evaluate different opportunities and it still comes down to where we can add, add to the long-term value of the company, where we can add product and new customer base to serve, but more importantly, people that are accretive to the operating teams. So we continue to talk with several private builders, where we are more inclined to look at the tuck-ins that we have done either adding to existing markets or opening up new markets for us. But you won’t see us probably do any massive public acquisitions, but I do think we will continue to evaluate the smaller privates.
Bill Wheat: I would say, it’s both and it’s going to vary based upon the situation of a particular private builder as to whether they are thinking it’s still a good place to be or if it’s time for them to do something different and to join a bigger operation.
Bill Wheat: Hey, Carl. I think what you are referring to is a longer term trend I think is continuing as I think certainly pandemics had an effect on it. We would generally agree that that is a trend that probably is accelerating right now, but it’s still too early to know the depth of that and the sustainability of it. So, we try to just comment on what we see in front of us and then we’ll live into the rest and be able to comment on the depth of that as time marches on.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Mike, it is primarily timing. It’s July of 2020. And Forestar was reestablishing just preliminary delivery guidance for fiscal ‘21 at a time in which their largest company – largest customers not providing 2021 guidance. So, it’s just early, felt like it was important for Forestar to reestablish at least a baseline expectation for their top line growth next year given that they are truly a growth story and the revenues have been up over 200% this year, but it is a bit conservative we hope. And as we live over the next few months and as D.R. Horton gets sufficient visibility to provide guidance for fiscal 2021, our hope would be if certainly if demand trends continue as they are right now, the strength continues in the industry, I would expect that Forestar would ultimately be able to exceed that and increase their guidance over time. This is really timing.
Bill Wheat: Well, yes. First, we are not seeing really construction delays. Our cycle times have been very consistent really throughout. And backlog conversion really isn’t a stat that we focus too much on. We focus more on our inventory position and our inventory turns. And right now, we’re seeing our inventory turns accelerate. Our sales pace obviously has increased dramatically in the last few months, which did work down our completed homes – completed specs. So, our completed spec inventory is lower than it has been in some time. Also, the component of our backlog that is sold, but not started is higher than normal. So, as we accelerate our starts pace, that will bring those to back to a closer – closer to a normal level, and we expect to still deliver very strong volume. But it takes really our lot position and our home position to support that.
Bill Wheat: I think they are likely. I think our inventory turns are actually higher than they were a year-ago and I think Q4 will continue that way. I think that was part of our original guidance for fiscal ‘20, was that we expected to turn our housing inventory more quickly this year and that is what we are doing.
Bill Wheat: No, Buck, I don’t think we see anything that will move the needle dramatically. It’s just a continuation of what we’ve been doing. We did briefly have a hiring freeze during that month or so at the beginning of the pandemic, but we’re back to normal in terms of hiring across our homebuilding and financial services operation. We are growing the business. We are always hiring and adding where we need to. Same thing on technology, we’ve been making continuing investments over the last number of years and we’ve redirected some of those during the pandemic to address the work-from-home environment and a few things like that, but those expenditures are not anything that’s really out that it’s going to move the needle in total, because there’s also things we’re not spending as much money on today. Travel is not as big a portion of our spending as in the past. Hopefully at some point it can be. But we are in a company lull in terms of our historical SG&A percentages and expect to be able to stay at that level going forward.
Mike Murray: Answer to your first question, yes, Stephen, we would like to increase our spec levels today. We have aggressive starts planned to increase our specs. At the same time, we will be starting our sold homes. And so it is a big plan to start houses. But as David mentioned before, we have been focusing early on, on the efficiency, in the product, in the operational focus and partnering with our trades and being true that they are capable of supporting the growth that we have in front of us. So we do think we will be able to increase our spec inventory, but it’s not going to be without a lot of effort, I can promise you that.
Mike Murray: So, I would say that we are generally going to be in line with – the started sold homes are across the range of production largely at this time of the year, delivering into the fourth quarter and similar with the specs. We are probably maybe a little bit less finished with the specs because of the strong sales demand that we’ve had, they’ve moved to the sold category and we have them sort of set to close, if you will – sold to close in the September quarter. So, we feel really good about the ability to deliver the fourth quarter and the starts plan that we have out and the building permits we’re able to accumulate. We feel good about being able to reload the inventory and bring us back to sustainable inventory levels we need to support the demand.
Mike Murray: So, broadly on the price and incentive, as David mentioned before, it’s a very local decision that’s made. I can tell you that we did see very strong sales demand and so the level of incentives we were offering on sales later in the quarter were much lower than where we opened the quarter with. So, we did see firming pricing trends, firming incentives and in turn – but to see where that’s going to go, we’re going to need the market and right now we feel really strong about the sales trends that we’re seeing without needing to do heavy incentives. But everyday, at Horton Communities, there is some level of incentives and potential pricing adjustments to meet the market whether that’s up or down, and we do see tremendous value created with the urgency for buyers, as David mentioned before, feeling like they will save a little bit of money if they act today rather than wait for a few more weeks.
Mike Murray: Conceptually, we would love the 22% gross margin. But looking forward, we could see that there could be some headwind coming at us from lumber later into the fourth quarter and into early ’22 – early ‘21 excuse me, I am getting confused in my ears. And we do have a backdrop right now of the strong demand environment and some pricing power and relief on incentives. So, we have some positive tailwinds, but we also have some headwinds and there is still the broader outlook that we are looking at here of what’s going to happen in the economy and how the pandemic progresses through the fall and into the winter of next year. So we feel very good about being consistent with our level of margins to drive the right pace that ultimately for us is looking to drive the right return and that’s what we are ultimately looking at it every community says how we maximize the return we built with every [indiscernible].
Mike Murray: What I think we are seeing with most of our buyers and the traffic we are seeing is that those people are not directly participating in a lot of the stimulus programs or relief packages that are out there. The underwriting required for a mortgage today is generally going to first start with a job and a steady predictable income stream. And so, we’ve not seen a direct impact to that. To the extent there is a broader follow through to the economy, we’ll have to wait and see. That’s part of the conservatism I think in our outlook going forward is to see how that plays through in the broader economy.
Mike Murray: We are seeing more consideration given to a setting that accommodates a better work-from-home environment, whether it’s an extra bedroom to be used for a classroom, an office, a playroom that provides a little more space. But a lot of our floor plans today accommodate at a lesser aggregate square footage, a lot of very functional space, whether that’s flex rooms or four bedrooms that work very well for them today. So, we are really pleased with the product offering that we have out there. But fortunately, in most of our neighborhoods, we are able to respond to buyer demand very quickly and adjust to what the current buyers in our sales offices are asking for with our inventory homes with the next round of starts we have in given neighborhood.
Mike Murray: Buck, that’s something that we’re still learning our way into. We feel really good about the handful of communities, I believe nine communities today that we have homes being constructed for the purpose of rental and we will have to see. We will have to see what the market brings us if we bring some of those communities to market for sale or if we build a portfolio to operate or aggregate to a portfolio for eventual disposition. It’s something we are learning our way into today. So we will be back with you as that progresses.
Mike Murray: I’ll take the second part of the question while Bill and Jessica are looking for the answer to the first part. Right now, we would not be able to quote to you an average because it’s going to vary based upon which community you’re in and the level of production that’s available within that community and the type of product that it is. In some communities, we have a very quick build time and can deliver homes from start to completion in three months. In others it may be a four or five-month build cycle. And then generally, we’re looking if we have inventory that’s available to move in within the next 30 days as soon as you can clarify your mortgage situation and get qualified. We’d like to have a home that’s ready for you as soon as you can – you need it.
