Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although, D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there's no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our Web site at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q in the next few days. After the conclusion of the call, we will post updated supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. The supplementary information includes current and historical supporting data on our homebuilding return on inventory, gross margins, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: And for fiscal '17, we feel very comfortable that we can continue to drive further improvement in our absorption to offset any community count decline to generate 8% to 13% increase in closings that we’ve guided too for the year. So, clearly, we’re off to a strong start. And we can have some variability from quarter-to-quarter and how we get there for the year. As you saw, our sales were outside of that up 8% to 13% range. We could have a quarter where our sales are under that 8% to 13% range, but we feel very comfortable that for the full year, our closings will be up at least 8% to 13%.
Jessica Hansen: And as David mentioned earlier in the call, Ivy, that is why we believe our results are what they are and we've been focused on offering an affordable product. And we're going to continue chose specifically with our Express homes, and our new Freedom homes brands for the active adult. And we believe right now that's why we haven't seen any impact from the rate rise is that we are positioned where we want to be, and we'll continue to adjust as necessary to continue to offer an affordable product, regardless of the rate environment we're in.
Jessica Hansen: Sure Ken. I'll talk about it very generally. And I am happy to follow up on the specific that we’ve given on most of our calls over the last couple of years. In fiscal '15 is really where we started to see the sharpest increase in both, really primarily labor and to some extent materials. Therefore, a couple of quarters, we did experience a high single-digit percentage increase in our stick and brick cost per square foot, which was outpacing our revenues at that point in time. As we moved through the end of '15 and into '16, we were able to get that closer to call it a mid single-digit percentage. And our revenue started catching up with that stick and brick costs, which is where you saw our gross margin really start to stabilize and become very consistent for the last, call it, six to eight quarters now. And as we’ve kicked off '17 and really the end of '16m we’re in a low single-digit cost inflation environment. This is all stick and brick that I’ve been talking about. In terms of lot costs, lot costs, if you go back to '15 and '16, pretty needed increases really into the back half of '16, which was when we started seeing, call it a mid to high single-digit increase in lot costs. And this quarter is one of the higher in terms of we were up 9%, as Bill mentioned earlier, for a lot cost increase on a per square footage basis. But we’ve been able to offset the majority of that with price and kept that gross margin very, very consistent, at least from a lot level gross margin perspective.
Jessica Hansen: Mike, I think, Bill will touch on the SG&A question, in terms of going back to your follow-ups freedom and absorption. Once again, very-very early stages for that brand, but we would likely anticipate it being faster than a typical Horton community, but probably not quite as fast tuning as an Express community.
Jessica Hansen: The other big difference, Mike, between ‘04, ’05, and ’06 and our business model today is we have extremely pretty aggressive growth targets in place that we were actually adding headcount and building infrastructure out for. Today, we are growing. We have a stated target of double-digit revenue growth, and we're making sure we’re incurring and adding SG&A to be able to handle that. But we don’t have to add at the same rate today as we would have had to back then to go after that.
Jessica Hansen: And Jack to go back to your question, we were able to get our hands on the change in absorption by brand. And really, it was consistently strong across all three brands, a strong double-digit increase in absorption.
David Auld: In closing, our first quarter growth in sales, closings and profits, and the improvement in our pre-tax profit margin are the result of the strength of our people and operating platform. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to continue to expand our industry leading market share. We remain focused on growing both revenues and pre-tax profits at a double-digit annual pace, while continuing to generate annual positive operating cash flows and improved returns. We are well positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offering across our D. R. Horton, Emerald, Express and Freedom brands, attractive finished lot and land positions and most importantly, our tremendous team across the country. We'd like to thank the entire D. R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work, and we look forward to continuing to grow and improve our operations in 2017. This concludes the prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: We were very pleased with the quarter. And we saw very strong improvement in our absorptions, community-by-community. Throughout the quarter, we continue to see a good response to our positioning. We were much better positioned coming into this first quarter this year than we had been, and we were able to execute against that. The market therefore is a very solid market. I wouldn't say we saw significant deviations within the quarter month-to-month. It was a pretty consistent result for us. In January, the Cowboy lost. So, in this part of the world, the selling season is kind of starting now. So, we're excited about the silver-lining on that cloud for us. But we continue to see good sales trends in January, very early into spring. And we'll certainly keep you updated as things progress, and we get back with you in April on that one.
David Auld: Stephen, it's always good to be, in my mind anyway, the price leader in rising interest rate environment, because you can’t afford 300. And if you've got a product to 250, you can still support this. So, we like our positioning. As far as absorption for our community, at some point, no, you're not going to be able to sustain and continue. But our focus has been driving to 20% ROI. And so, we're going to drive absorption levels and improve ROI. And at some point, we're going to max out. The return we can make up of lag, and at that point, we will add flags.
David Auld: Stephen, we wouldn’t guide up double-digit if we weren’t confident that we could drive that level of absorption.
David Auld: Nishu, we feel we were coming in the first quarter much better positioned, I mentioned before, on our homes and inventory, and where we are right now at December 31st with 24,500 homes in inventory. That is a great indicator of future closings, because we're getting the houses we want out of the ground, we're getting them where we want, and working them through to completion and then we're closing them. That's for us a much better predictor of closings volume in a given quarter perhaps than backlog conversion is. In terms of back to normal, I don't whatever is normal in this business, it seems like the conditions are always changing a bit year-to-year. And we're building a platform that allows us to respond to those market conditions, and look to position our communities in front of the market with the trades we need to build the houses when we want to get built.
David Auld: Well, 2013, I don’t know that it was necessarily the rate increase as the rapidity of the rate increase it kind of shocked the market. And you saw, I would say, a deceleration in traffic, less consumer confidence deal from our sales agents. We fought through it. I think we ended with a pretty good 2013. But it did have a significant impact. Right now, the over-optimism that seems to be up there in the market, just traveled through Florida, and I’ll tell you, Florida feels like it is going to market as I’ve seen the long time. Our sales agents were very excited. And we have inventory that right now we’re in the best competitive position we’ve ever been. As far as you great competition, price point competition model against model, it is as low as I have seen it for us. We’re very bullish today on positioning inventory in front of what we think is going to be a pretty strong sales season.
David Auld: Well, what we are seeing is increasing demand. And I think, like Mike said, as long as the jobs are there nominal increases, over a period of time, people are going to adjust them. The position we're in is that we have a pretty broad product line in the Express and entry level Horton that we can flex down in price to meet a lower demand price, a lower price.
David Auld: That's exactly right. Eric, I think also what we're seeing is the impact of some of the communities we’re opening now are frankly more productive communities than some that are closing off. We've been focusing on a return based model for the past several years, and the fruit of that's coming through. We're seeing our return on homebuilding inventory jump up almost 300 basis points on a trailing 12 month basis over where it was a year ago. And our discipline around living within our means inventory wise and being very focused on the balance sheet has encouraged our field teams to be very selective in the community to bringing in line and whether deploying their capital as to whether it gets the most turn out of that capital. So, that's what we’re seeing, I think, some good pickup in our absorption on a flag-by-flag basis.
David Auld: That’s always our goal. As we compete in every community and we continue to have affordable product out there, that’s always our goal. If you look, really, when you look at share you have to look over a longer trend. And we certainly over the longer term have been pretty consistently gaining share, and that's certainly our goal going forward; market by market, community-by-community and then rolling-up to the overall companies to continue to gain share in marketplace, and looks like we’re in really good position to do that. We’re looking to position our communities our homes to be the best choice for every customer in every market that we’re serving. So to the extent that helps us gain share, that’s great to the extent it just helps us grow with the market, we’re going to do that as well.
David Auld: There’s a great big old vault underneath the new Horton building. And Don wants to be able to spit it out down there and play in.
David Auld: Super large demographics favor that brand, and as interest rates pick-up, these buyers are less mortgage sensitive. So it's kind of a hit against a little higher rate as well.
David Auld: John, in the west, as we’ve talked about we have not been investing as heavily in the west. We’ve been maintaining our position. And it's been relative to our other regions we’ve been making larger investments in other regions. So I think it’s a reflection of just a little bit lower growth expectation there in our west region, which does reflect itself in community counts.
David Auld: No, we don’t buy brand. We’ve got it here by region, but we don’t have it here by brand in front of us, that’s something we could look at and follow up with later on. But that’s not something we have right here in front of us.
David Auld: I think, a lot it was driving the capture rate improvement, has been refocused by the mortgage company on improving their utilization that’s shown up in a lot of their operating metrics, their operating margins improving as they’re getting better overhead leverage as our volumes increase, and we’re serving more of the Express home buyers, the first time home buyers. It's very helpful to our homebuilding operating divisions to have that customer managed at the mortgage qualification process into the backlogs, so that when home is ready. They are ready with the mortgage to close, and the service levels provided by our mortgage company to the home builder, are very high in that regard. I mean, we're still out there. The mortgage company is competing for the business, customer-by-customer in a very competitive mortgage market. But they're able to deliver a higher service level to that customer, because in the integration we have with the builder in a lot of cases.
David Auld: And just continuing to work just like everywhere else to improve our returns on the west, there's more capital intensive areas. It's still an area we want to improve our returns in.
David Auld: Inherently, the warranty and litigation areas is a bit volatile, but lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. And that’s one of the reasons why we give the range we give for our margin guidance as that's just an element that you can have some variability from quarter-to-quarter. And so the variable that we have this quarter is not outside our normal range, a little bit bigger than it has been recently, but nothing highly unusual at all.
David Auld: We haven’t seen any kind of an adjustment in land pricing at this point. Anecdotally, we’re maybe getting another bite at a project that might have gotten buy once. So, some things maybe falling out, but that's just anecdotally -- it would be hard to put a trend of that or to see anything else happening on a harder quantitative basis at a global scale for us.
David Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today, and look forward to speaking with you again in April, as we share our second quarter results. And to the entire D, R. Horton team, an outstanding first quarter. You are truly the best of the best, and still fair enough of 2017.
Bill Wheat: Stephen, we’re constantly rebidding our suppliers and our vendors across the board. We’ve had several pushes over the last several years really in which we pushed hard on rebidding. And so, yes, that’s a continual effort for it, and we’re continually working to mitigate certainly any cost increases and improve our cost wherever we can. On a year-over-year basis, our costs, our stick and brick cost which were put, were up only 2%, which is certainly a more moderate than we saw a couple of years ago. And so we’ve been able to keep our revenue growth per square foot exceeding our cost per square foot on the stick and brick basis, which is certainly helping us going forward. We’re seeing lot cost start to increase, lot costs were up 9% on a per square foot basis this quarter. So it’s a very -- we’re seeing very good results from our efforts to control our stick and brick, which is helping to keep our margins stable.
Bill Wheat: Stephen, we look at our balance sheet, our capital structure, and our guidance for the year and where we’re guiding the Company to be. To the extent that we’re able to still grow at a solid pace and consistent double-digit pace over the course of a year, and we’re able to invest sufficiently to support that growth in 2017 and beyond and maintain a sufficient land pipeline, to the extent we're able to support that level of growth and still generate positive cash flow. From our standpoint, we don't have an ideal leverage level. We will take that cash flow and then do what we feel like is best in the interest of our overall Company, and our shareholders for the long term. And so an element of that that we’ve prioritized this year is to continue to de-lever. We expect to generate $300 million to 500 million of cash flow, while still supporting our growth. And we’re going to use $350 million of that to pay down debt, while continuing to reinvest in the business and continue to pay strong dividend to our shareholders, which we've increased and expect to pay about $150 million in dividends this year. So, it’s really not an ideal -- not necessarily a target ideal leverage level, it's really just we're balancing that with supporting the growth we expect to generate the Company.
Bill Wheat: Nishu, our costs that we had in the first quarter were normal. There wasn't anything unusual there in the cost at all. It's was really driven by the revenue line. We had guided to -- we exceeded the guidance that we provided for our backlog conversion in the first quarter, back to your first question. So our revenues were higher than that guidance range. And so then, therefore, that generated really strong leverage on our SG&A cost in the quarter. As we look forward to the rest of the year, our annual guidance for revenues are still in the 10% to 14% range, units $8 to $13 -- $10 to $14. And so, we do expect solid leverage on our SG&A, but we don’t expect it to continue to be at 70 basis points. But we’re very pleased with the start to the year. We’re very pleased with our positioning, and our inventory, as well as in our SG&A expenses and our infrastructure and looking forward to continuing leverage that throughout the rest of the year.
Bill Wheat: I will say the demand for the product and the returns from that that are able to generate very surprisingly. It was a much deeper and higher demand market than I thought it was going to be when we rolled it out. As far as sustainable, I think, that's a biggest part of pyramid, that's we're most of the buyers are. We are very well positioned in there. And we certainly feel like we can compete effectively and sustained, and grow. We’re just rolling out in the west and just actually rolling out in Phoenix to kind of early in the stages in Denver, and maybe it's got a -- we feel like we've got a quite a bit of runway there. And we're equally excited about Freedom, which is our edge targeted edge designed product that we think is going to fit very nicely with Express, and offer some that does exist in market today.
Bill Wheat: Well, Ken, our guidance is not 10% on unit, its 8% to 13%. So there is a range there, so we could certainly be 10%, and still be in our guidance range. And as you well know, the entire year is driven really largely by the spring selling season. And so on the front edge of that and we certainly feel optimistic about it and we're positive about it, and we really feel like our positioning is very strong for that, but it hasn’t happened. So, we will evaluate the spring as we get into it. We will certainly evaluate our guidance, and we’ll update that as we thought we need to. Once we have the visibility into the spring, and it's still too early to do that at this point.
Bill Wheat: And then, Mike, compared to the historical, we've looked at those historical comparisons as well. And you’re right, as far as where we were on SG&A as a percentage for the entire year in all four to similar closings was at 9.1 is a difference between then and now, as we were seeing significant price depreciation in our homes. In 2004, the data that I'm looking at it was a high single digits ASP increase then, which obviously creates a lot of SG&A leverage. And so today, we're achieving this with a much more modest ASP appreciation. And we're not really quite up to our peak volume yet, and with some lower on track for right now. And our expectations were we’re guiding the 9%, we certainly feel very confident that we can hit the 9%. But if we continue to see the improvements and efficiencies in our business, we expect to push beyond that before we get fully to peak volumes again. You asked about costs and where there might be some changes. So, certainly in terms of efficiencies from technology, and you mentioned the marketing, certainly efficiencies there. Those are things that have been positives over this life cycle over the last decade that are certainly helping to contribute. On the cost side, frankly, the cost of regulations and running our business throughout our business in all respects of our business are significantly higher today at the local level and really all the way up through our business, which is something that we've had to absorb as well as everyone else in the industry, and well publicized. So I would say that's probably one of the more significant offsets to the other efficiency we’re seeing.
Bill Wheat: And we did get, because we don’t have the number of communities there that we had in some of these other regions. The delays in getting a couple of significant communities online can impact quarter-over-quarter numbers.
Bill Wheat: We're not decreasing our investment in the west. The balance is -- we like the west, we made a lot of money in the west. But we're just going to be disciplined, and we have underwriting guidelines for everything we do, whether it’s in Texas or California, it's got to meet the same underwriting guidelines, which by definition is a capital limiter. But no, we’re not reducing our investment in California. We're actually doing very well in the west. Very happy with our performance and the returns that we're driving.
Bill Wheat: Ryan, we closed some deals in our first quarter that were as good as any lot buy we made in the last four or five years. So, there are opportunities out there, and you just got to be out there looking for them.
Mike Murray: And Stephen, we’ve been focusing a long time on driving a higher level of absorption on the community basis. And that allows us to control labor, and it makes the entire process of building house more efficient. And I think we’re wreaking some of the benefits of that.
Mike Murray: We're trying to create as much flexibility into the future as we possibly can. And so like Bill said, we don’t a target on debt. But right now, we're generating enough cash to buy the land and lots that we need to support double digit growth. And speculating beyond, that’s just not in our nature to do.
Mike Murray: Alan, I think we’re seeing -- we see interest rates trend up gradually overtime today, in connection with job growth income growth and overall consumer confidence. I think those are very positives, because we’ll see good household formations, we’ll see good confidence by the consumer, and able to adjust to a gradual rate rise that seems to be telegraphed. I think in '13 what was different is that rates spiked-up very quickly for no reason, that was really tied to what people felt on the ground at the time. It was happened in a vacuum and it had very negative impact. Today, I don’t think those things are happening in the vacuum. I think there's, as David mentioned, there's confidence, there's good traffic in the sales offices, there’s very good confidence levels across our platform of 1,600 model homes. Our sales agents feel very good about the traffic they're seeing, and they feel really good about the indicators they're getting. Our inventory positioning is strong going into the spring. So we're very encouraged.
Mike Murray: Sure, Eric. Really, our outlook on community count is the same as it was last quarter. We expect community count from where we are today to still remain relatively flat over the next few quarters. At some point, we would expect it to increase. But right now, our community opening schedule would indicate that it’s going to stay relatively flat. So sequentially, relatively flat, which would, it still indicate the year-over-year decrease. So, in this quarter, community count was down 5% but with the 20% absorption improvement, our sales are 15%; so, in the short to medium term, still relatively flat.
Mike Murray: Bob, everyone of our operators wants to be number one in their market. Whether they’re closing 100 houses and 7,000 permit market or 500 houses and 600 permit markets, they want to win. And that’s -- we instill that, we promote it. And our expectation is that they will win. With that said, we will gain shares.
Mike Murray: Thanks Bob. We continue to look at a lot of opportunities, and we evaluate them all against the track record we have. And so we have a very high bar for what makes sense for us to bring on-board. But we continue to look at every opportunity that's presented to us, give us a very serious look and try to learn and understand how it could be a good fit for the Company. And we will continue to do so. And it's been a very active time over the past few years, and I expect it will continue to be so.
Mike Murray: Well, over the last couple of years, we've generated a lot of cash and we’ve consistently still found some acquisitions to allocate capital to work. So right now with pipeline that we see, our expectation is that we will still find some acquisitions that fit. So right now, we'll certainly think about if we don't find some acquisitions that fit.
Mike Murray: We've not seen -- it's an alternative of housing choice for a customer. But typically, those sources of housing stocks are great feeder for us into our business as people see changes in the rentals and the opportunity to have an ownership position, and lock-in their housing costs, very attractive alternative. So we have not seen a significant change in our markets relative to those at this point. But we do help a lot of people get into their first owned-home out of rental situation whether it was single family rental or more traditional multi-family rental.
Michael Murray: And we’re in the very early stages of Express roll-out there. So, it's not -- the west is not seeing as much benefit in absorption improvement and efficiencies. Yes that we have seen in other areas of the country.
Michael Murray: We continually evaluate opportunities in our various markets, and we have looked at a few opportunities. When one make sense for us, we do think that those markets may have been a bit underserved in the past, and we’ll evaluate those. But we do like our conscious positioning of where we focus most of our energies and most of our capital into out of the southern markets. And even where a lot of -- there has been a lot of auto manufacturers open production facilities across the south and southeast that have been good drivers for us, and sources of good business in the Carolinas and Alabama.
Michael Murray: Mike, we're still not to our goal of 50-50 balance in our total portfolio of option and controls. Very happy with the relationships we've been able to expand upon with developers across the country. Key trade partners for us frankly in supplying the first raw material input to our business is land or lots. And we're very pleased with the increase of finished lots we've been able to tie up and partner with others to develop for us. That's probably driving a bit of our lot costs increase, as a percentage of revenue, or per square foot that we're seeing in our current deliveries. It’s a reflection of our strategy to try to have more lots provided for the Company finish, rather than us self developing as much. And we’re seeing a big benefit of that in our focus on our improved returns, and we're seeing that return to come up as a result of that. So there is no magic bullet to that. It’s building relationships, partnering with the right people, market-by-market, having the experience with them, and the confidence to get projects on the ground and work through them together.
