Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Christine, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Before we get started, today's call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's annual report on Form 10-K which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q in the next day or two. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Carl, for reference, it will be posted after the call, but our West region community count was down 9% year-over-year and 10% sequentially, which compares to the company average, which was actually slightly up in both periods.
Jessica Hansen: We continue to see healthy credit metrics across that buyer group. Our FICO score was 719 this quarter. I think on our Express brand standalone, it was almost 710. And then as we also mentioned on the call, our average square footage has continued to tick down slightly on a year-over-year basis. And as home prices have risen, but what we typically see is first time buyers want to buy as much home as they can get for their money, and they're buying out of need, not a discretionary purchase. And so if home prices have risen, they just buy a little bit less house.
Jessica Hansen: We've really had price projection on the prior cycle on the material front. And we've seen very neutral impact from materials other than a little bit of headwind from lumber last year. Lumber is starting to pick back up. So that's going into our commentary as well. But really, it's a function of home prices has risen significantly and building product companies have cost inflation as well. And so, we are experiencing some increases in material costs that we didn't see, as we said, flow through in the December quarter, but we do expect those to start flowing through in the rest of the year.
Jessica Hansen: And our ASP per square foot on a year-over-year basis was up 4%, but sequentially, it was actually flat.
Jessica Hansen: It's really the stage of construction our homes are in Alan. We have a lot fewer completed specs today than we typically have. And as a result, we're selling and closing fewer homes intra-quarter than we typically would. I think that quarter that was in the 20 - mid-20% range and typically it's in the high 30% or 40% range. So it's really just a function of the stage of our inventory. And we did get, as Mike said, almost 23,000 homes started this quarter, but a lot of those are still in the early stages of construction. And so a lot of the homes that we'll be starting here a little bit later in the year won't be available for this fiscal year, but they'll put us in a very good position to continue growth in fiscal 2022.
Jessica Hansen: We really have no insight to gross margin in the next few years. I mean, gross margin really is a function of the market, Mike. We're focused on underwritings to returns. And although we don't see it right now. Even if we did see a compression in our gross margins for whatever reason, affordability, interest rate, something that we don't foresee today as an issue, we can still generate very attractive returns on our current land, bank with the efficiencies that David's kind of already talked to in our business today and our ability to keep turning our houses. But we feel very comfortable with our current lot position that we are going to be able to offset costs going forward and hopefully hang in around this 24% range. But really further than a quarter out, we don't have a whole lot of visibility because we do turn our houses much more quickly, I think, than the industry by and large. And so we have the best early read on cost and gross margin in the market.
Jessica Hansen: And although we guided to flat SG&A sequentially, on a year-over-year basis, it would actually be approximately 40 basis points of leverage, which is still a pretty nice move. And when we think about it on an annual basis, as our SG&A is already at record lows, we're not going to ever just be able to model and say that our SG&A is going to be down more than, say, that on an annual basis. Can we ultimately maybe get there if you continue see prices rising ASP plays a big role in that? Sure. But right now, we feel like leveraging our SG&A 40 basis points on a year-over-year basis is a really nice move.
Jessica Hansen: A lot of our floor plans in issue actually already incorporated flex space. So depending on what a buyer is looking for today, whether it be a home office, a second home office, a learning space for their kids. Those types of things, we've already always had floor plans that can accommodate that. And we can continue to adjust our starts based on what those homebuyers are potentially looking for. And then the things that have always been true are as people start their families and have children, they generally want a backyard for their kids. They want good public schools, maybe a garage for their cars. Those things have kind of always been true that go along with the demographic side of the equation that David was talking to. So I would say other than the acceleration from the pandemic, and that's being positioned in the right places with a lot of different floor plans to choose from. No significant change on that front.
Jessica Hansen: Really more focused and issue on homes conversion than backlog conversion. I mean, backlog is a function of what we're selling. And we're going to sell, so what's out there from a demand perspective and ultimately, we'll get the house started. We've got the lot positioned to do it unlike anyone else in the industry. We wouldn't be selling the houses if we didn't have the lots and feel comfortable about our cost structure and what kind of return we were going to generate on those houses. So we're really focused on the houses we have in inventory and how quickly we're turning those and rather than a backlog conversion metric, trying to improve our housing inventory turn. And generally, we turn that at least two times a year. Last year, we did a little bit better than that, this year now with our new guidance, we're reflecting better than two times as well.
Jessica Hansen: So really, various products are in short supply, Su. It kind of depends on, what market and what day, would agree with your sentiments on both windows and appliances. We've had challenges in both of those. Our product partners have been working hard to support our business. So we don't have to push back any closings. And we've been very pleased where we have to substitute, upgrade and even install other brands if necessary, to make sure we're not having to push closings. I don't know that I have anything specific on semiconductors that I've heard, as of late. But I really would have put windows again, as the headliner this quarter. It's probably actually gotten even a little worse than when we said that last quarter.
Jessica Hansen: I would say anecdotally, yes. I mean, we continue to see Texas and Florida as our two strongest space with a lot of diversity just even within those states. But clearly, there has been a flight in a lot of cases from the coast to Texas to Florida, to the Carolinas, and then from the West Coast into Salt Lake into Vegas into Phoenix, and so I think we would expect that trend to continue. And in that regard, really like our positioning as it pertains to our lot position across the country.
Jessica Hansen: And Buck, you didn't ask this specific question, but we've had a lot of conversations over the last quarter or so about just the age. And for the last - however many years about our millennial is ever going to buy a home, coming off around 35% of our business in 2019 was to buyers 34 and under. We saw that pretty quickly in the pandemic and through the remainder of fiscal 2020 and now into 2021 tick up to the low 40s. So, I think 42% versus 35% is a pretty big move. And we've seen that settle out to where over 40% of our buyers are 34 and under. I think answering that question that, yes, millennials are going to own homes.
David Auld: In closing, our results reflect the strength of our experienced operational teams, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions, and we plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of our company. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts during this time have been remarkable. We are proud of your work ethic and your positive spirit as you continue safely helping our customers close on their much-anticipated new homes. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host the questions.
David Auld: I don't see it being much different than it's been in 2020, at least not for us. We set up and try to drive our communities in the most efficient way, making it the easiest possible way we can for our trades to get in, get out, get their job done. We've actually, I think, through this cycle, have been focused on the labor side and have created a lot of efficiency and have expanded our trade base just by making it easier for them to get in, get out and what they're doing. 2021, our volume is ramping up. I think that's going to continue to be a challenge. But we feel very good, I mean, we wouldn't be selling houses if we couldn't build them, so.
David Auld: The underwriting in the West is much more difficult, time lines are longer. So through this cycle, our community count has continued to slip down there. I will tell you, we have one of the best groups of people in the company in the West region. When we talk about platform, we talk about people, product price, and we are certainly - have a very strong platform out West. When the returns in Texas, Florida, Carolinas have been incredible, and everybody competes for capital in this company. So I will say the West is an area that I personally going to emphasize this year, and I think you'll see the growth return there.
David Auld: And I'll just add, our operational teams are doing a great job at controlling costs, where we see increases, we look for efficiencies to reduce cost. And I mean, to be honest, I think we were a little bit surprised a stick and brick per foot, actually it went down last quarter. That's just a phenomenal job by our people.
David Auld: The volume we see today, Matt, as well as looking forward to more medium term, we just don't see a lot of overbuilding, a lot of excess supply in the marketplace relative to household formation demand. And so we want to maintain, as Bill said, adequate support of inventory for that medium term land. So that's why you're seeing our controlled lot position increased.
David Auld: We're also seeing a good start to the spring in January, which again, it's about confidence. And we don't want to put a number out there that we don't feel really good about. So we feel really good about that number.
David Auld: Our underwriting really hasn't changed much as we've seen absorptions increase, it does - when we're requiring a two-year cash back at a 10 a month absorption, you can buy more lots than you can a five a month absorption. So we have seen the scale of the deals get a little bigger, but the position that from a pricing and location standpoint, I don't see that we've given up much in the deals we're doing today versus the deals we were doing two or three, four years ago. Scale is bigger. The phase sizes are bigger. Lot prices have been pretty stable. And I think I said this on the last call, when I'm traveling and looking at deals, the deals that we put on the books this quarter, we're better than most of the deals that we had on the books. So it's very - it gives me a lot of confidence, and our guys are doing a great job. So I don't see deterioration in our lot position from marketability or really even a pricing standpoint.
David Auld: If you look at our average sales price, we are significantly more affordable than most of our peers in the homebuilding space. And our land portfolio and our operating structures are designed and geared to drive that affordability. So are we - when I look at the competitive makeup out there, both of the resale market, which is really, today, our primary competitor at this price points? And our peers in the industry, it's - I mean, we feel very good about our current position and which allows us to underwrite and execute the positions that we believe will keep us in this range.
David Auld: The demand out there, I think, is really driven by demographics. And I think it has been accelerated, because of the pandemic and people's desire to become - or to find a safe environment for their family. I really don't see that demand issue changing. I mean, it's - it accelerates. It's a long-term program, and it got accelerated. Now that's going to stay. So, I mean we are positioning. We are driving to take advantage of as much of that demand as we can. And it's - I mean, right now today, it's very good out there.
David Auld: And we talk to our operators all the time about being disciplined, focused and consistent and it starts in your communities. And that's how we're building capacity to deliver more homes by that execution at the community level.
David Auld: Yeah, actually, 70s [ph] are new 60. We're going to continue to try to grind that number higher. Ultimately, it comes down to relationships and execution in the field. And that's something we focus on every day. So it's my expectation over time is that we will continue to drag a point here, a point there and drive better and better efficiency, capital efficiency through our business and to our company and ultimately, probably the industry.
David Auld: Several years ago, we would - the spring selling season to kick in with Super Bowl effectively at the end of January, early February. The past several years, this year being no exception, we've seen that sales pace accelerate coming out of the holidays after January 1.
David Auld: Everything we're seeing has been the long-term trends that we've been experiencing really coming out of the downturn, COVID accelerated it. And it feels like right now that, that acceleration is kind of the new norm going forward.
David Auld: Thank you, Christine. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again with our second quarter results in April. And to the D.R. Horton team an outstanding first quarter. We're set up to have an unbelievable year. Stay humble, stay hungry and stay focused. Thank you.
Mike Murray: John, this is Mike. Good morning. We're always focused on affordability that's something that's consistent across the platform. And I'm not as well versed to speak to the industry. But in our communities, we're focused on providing the value at whatever price point we're at. And so whether we have buyers moving up from their current housing situation to a D.R. Horton home or they are first-time homebuyer with 56% of our buyers in the quarter were first time homebuyers. We're focused on providing an affordable home for that buyer that fits in their monthly budget.
Mike Murray: Well, I don't think it's going to help affordability. And I believe it's going to extend time. We're well positioned with owning control over 400,000 lots. And again, we're going to focus on affordability. And as regulations increase, affordability is going to become more challenging. But given our position, our people, I think we're - we can meet that challenge.
Mike Murray: Sure. Good question, Steve. Just to get to the point in terms of expected levels, we would expect at each quarter end to maintain at least $1 billion of homebuilding cash, but would expect most quarters to see between $1.5 billion and $2 billion. I would say the primary driver behind that shift over the last year is we've been building a little bit more. It's just a significant increase in volume and scale and activity, which feel like it's prudent to ensure that we have sufficient cushion to manage significant sudden changes in the business to avoid having any potential liquidity crunches. That just gives us that much more flexibility to respond when we see opportunities in the market. And so we've seen a number of significant shifts in our business over the last few years from a sharp increase in interest rates, which decreased demand in late '18 to the pandemic disruption in the spring of 2020. To then the very significant increase in demand that we saw in the summer of 2020 and ever since. And so from that standpoint, having a bit more cushion, a bit more liquidity to respond, whichever direction we need to go in the business, we just feel like it's prudent. I don't see us changing that strategy. I think that just puts us in a very strong and flexible position to respond to market changes.
Mike Murray: Well Steve, I'd say the first thing we expected to see this quarter that we did not as we've been seeing cost increases coming into our business over the last quarter or two, and we expected to see a bit more of that come through in our closings in Q1, which we did not. That's still coming. We can see it coming through our backlog, and we expect to see some of those cost increases start to hit our margins in the coming quarters. That being said, we still have a very strong environment, obviously with the ability to raise prices, very low incentive levels. And so, we do expect at this point now with that additional visibility of another quarter to be able to maintain the current margins that we're showing, which obviously are very strong levels.
Mike Murray: I think we've seen consistently strong demand across our footprint, Eric. In addition, as we've gotten the starts up in the first quarter, we started almost 23,000 homes with good visibility to start for the next couple of quarters. And so that gives us more confidence in the number we can deliver for the full year. So just a little clear - a little more of a year coming into focus with what we're going to be able to accomplish.
Mike Murray: Anything different. It's - we talk about sustainability and growing the scale of our platform and doing it in a measured approach that allows us to hang on to those increases. So I wouldn't say, it's anything different. It's just further execution of the same strategy of growing our capacity for production, growing our market share market-by-market. And that's what our teams think about every day when they're getting up and going about their jobs is how I get a little better today and grab a little more production capacity in my marketplace.
Mike Murray: And when you look, obviously, at the year-over-year increases, we started to see some very significant year-over-year increases in Q3. Last year, Q3 and Q4 were much more significant. So the year-over-year increases going forward are naturally not going to necessarily continue at the same pace they are right now. But we're still expecting a very strong year, very strong year-over-year increase for fiscal '21.
Mike Murray: If demand remains at the exact level it is today, it would be very challenging for us to get back to a historical relationship between total inventory and backlog. Demand is that good. We look at our starts capacity, neighbourhood-by-neighbourhood, week-by-week. And we are increasing that capacity over time to make sure it's sustainable. And we're doing it well with our trade partners in mind. So - but while we're doing that, demand continues to expand, to absorb that additional capacity we're putting into the marketplaces today, at the price points we're serving.
Mike Murray: Yeah. We've certainly seen very different seasonality throughout 2020. Stronger demand through the summer, fall, winter in 2020 than we've seen historically. So we're coming off of some unusually strong periods. But that being said, with what we've seen thus far in January, we're seeing increases in volume that we would expect to see. It remains to be seen whether we'll still see the same percentage relationships between our Q2 and Q1 that we've seen historically or not. But right now, we just see a very strong demand environment. Definitely some different patterns in buyer behavior than we've seen historically. But feeling good about what we can see going ahead. With a very strong Q1, where we see the same sort of patterns throughout the fiscal year, we historically have seen. I would expect there's probably be a bit of flattening of some of the historical patterns, but obviously, off to a very good start. And I think the way things are looking right now, we're optimistic about the spring.
Mike Murray: If you just look at our average sales price increase over quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter compared to our competitors. And yes, I would say our competitive advantage has increased and improved. But again, it really comes down to the ability to deliver the homes. And I think that's where we've gained the largest competitive advantage with the discipline around what we're doing and the focus on efficiency over the last couple of years. So it's a - it doesn't do any good to sell a house at any price, you can't deliver it. So we're focused on the delivery side of it and expanding our capacity via becoming more and more efficient through our processes.
Mike Murray: Yeah, we're very pleased with that transaction. And we look forward to that continuing to explore that business. It seems to be attracting a lot of capital and a lot of interest today. And we expect to be to take advantage of that.
Mike Murray: You know, Su three weeks in, we rarely comment on a single month, much less just a few weeks. So - but suffice it to say, what we generally expect when we get into January, is we expect there to be a step-up in traffic and volume coming through our weekly sales pace. And so we have seen that. We've seen three weeks of weekly sales thus far, and there has been that discernible step-up in volume in January versus what we had seen in the December quarter. So we're encouraged by that.
Mike Murray: Where we are today with the program is we're still learning the business and the execution side of it. We were very pleased with the first transaction. And as we learn more about the market, we will evaluate various alternatives for how we want to go about scaling it out and ultimately capitalizing it. But we need to know more about what we're doing. We do see a lot of opportunity. We think there is some portion of the population that will be a great customer for this product that desires a single-family lifestyle, but may not, for whatever reason, be purchasing a home. And so we want to build up to be in a position to help to supply this.
Bill Wheat: Sure. And Matt, you'll notice that most of that addition to the lot position did come in the form of options lots. We continue to significantly increase our option lot position. We had noted on our last call that we do expect our own lot to increase modestly, and they did kind of get back to a normal level there. But we've been on an ongoing effort to expand our relationships with developers across the country. Of course, our relationship with Forestar continues to bear fruit as well. So, a significant portion of the additions to our lot position through options came from our third-party developers and our relationship with Forestar. And with the significant growth we've seen in demand and significant volume increases that we've seen, that we certainly want to make sure we stay in position to maintain. We probably have stepped up our efforts to ensure that we're keeping our pipeline sufficiently out in front of us with the volume we're seeing today.
Bill Wheat: And the fact that we're still heavy option does allow us to be a little more aggressive in tying things up. So it's, again, positioning for the future.
Bill Wheat: Yeah, sure. We always see a higher ASP in our backlog than we do in our sales and our closings because higher priced homes generally are bigger and take longer to work their way through. So that's not necessarily unusual. But yes, so with our sales ASP being at 314 in this quarter, that's definitely showing a continuation of some price appreciation. And so in the near term, we would expect, I think to probably still see some potential upside. That been said, our operators and our teams and our people are very focused on providing affordability. And so we're going to keep an eye on the price points and the payments that our buyers need to have to afford to move into our homes. And so we never plan for significant price appreciation beyond a quarter or two because we always know that at some point, we will make some adjustments in our operations to make sure we keep our price points affordable.
Bill Wheat: And so the guidance doesn't reflect all of our price. It doesn't reflect quite all of that price. It reflects that we would still continue to manage very closely on the affordability.
Bill Wheat: Can't emphasize enough that gross margin is not part of our underwriting hurdles, returns is our underwriting hurdle. And certainly, higher gross margins can generate higher returns. But we focus, first and foremost, on hitting returns, hitting our absorptions in each community. And then the market, sometimes will give you more margin than you may have underwritten.
Bill Wheat: Michael, thank you. You touched on part of it. Deliveries were a little bit ahead of what we had guided to. In addition to ASP is a little higher, which drives a little more SG&A leverage. Something Jessica touched on before is the lower level of completed inventory, especially the completed specs that we're carrying the business today, able to operate the inventory portfolio very efficiently. And that requires less SG&A to maintain and care for those homes while they're sitting completed because we do run those costs through SG&A. So as we have less of those, we had around 5,000 a year ago. And today, we have about 1,600. So that's - that's an improvement and a tailwind as well.
Bill Wheat: But nothing onetime. Yes, there are some changing conditions and the volume and pricing has helped, but nothing onetime in the quarter.
Bill Wheat: And that's been a trend that we've been seeing for quite a while. Obviously, we're very well positioned to take advantage of that. The environment right now with low interest rates, that's accommodated for that as well and it's certainly a benefit for that demand as well, which for right now, we don't really see that changing much in the near term.
Bill Wheat: I also like the fact that you don't see existing home inventory levels sale - for sale at high levels, at all, supply is very tight for homes that are available in the next 60 days to 90 days. And that has been a consistent part of our business model for forever is to be an alternative to that used home and provide a customer with a new home on their time line.
Bill Wheat: And Buck, just to clarify, the comment about doubling our investment this year refers to our entire rental platform, both multifamily and single family. Our total assets and the combined platform at the beginning of the year was $330 million. So we expect that $330 million more than double in fiscal '21.
