Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2019. Before we get started, today’s call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there’s no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K and most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-Q early next week. After this call, we will post an investor presentation and supplementary data to our Investor Relations site on the Presentation section under News & Events for your reference. The supplementary data relates to our homebuilding return on inventory, home sales gross margin, changes in active selling communities, product mix and our mortgage operations. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: We have got a lot of markets across the rest of the country, Carl, where we don’t have that kind of dominant position, and that’s where a lot of our growth is coming from this year, while we maintain or continue to gradually improve our share in Texas.
Jessica Hansen: We have a great lot position that we will continue to replenish our communities, so we wouldn’t probably anticipate anything more than flat to slightly up organically going forward.
Jessica Hansen: Our annual guide for closings and for the 6% to 8% increase in closing and 4% to 6% increase in our consolidated revenues, so we are a little less pricing power this year, but we have got a great housing position to go drive outsized growth as compared to the industry.
Jessica Hansen: We are continuing to focus on returns though and so if you look at what we did experience in the late fall and as we are moving into this spring, there’s a balance between price and pace and we are striking that on an individual community level to drive the best possible return. And in today’s market, that may mean that 6% to 8% growth rate rather than the 10% to 15% rate to continue to maintain or improve upon our overall returns.
Jessica Hansen: We are continuing to sell and close 30% to 40% of our homes. It was actually even higher than 40% this quarter and so to get a feel for gross margin much further out than a quarter is pretty difficult.
Jessica Hansen: Mike, we generally don’t comment on individual months within a quarter in terms of the year-over-year improvement. As David said, we are very pleased with our sales pace. We did see normal seasonality as we move throughout the quarter from month to month to month, and incentives for us are always on a community-by-community basis. So we have got communities where we have been able to roll those back fully from what we have had to do in the fall and we have got some that still have some elevated incentives out there. But as we continue to move throughout the spring, we are hopeful that we can continue to dial those back in communities, where maybe we haven’t been able to fully yet.
Jessica Hansen: And, Mike, when we post our supplemental data after the call, you will see we have been talking a lot about in the west part of our issue had just been getting the communities online and this is the first quarter in several quarters our west region community count on average is up 5% year-over-year and it’s even up 4% sequentially. So we are getting those new communities online and we are very excited about the product that we are bringing to market.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. So, Matthew, we saw actually 20 basis points of impact in our March quarter. Honestly, probably a little bit lighter than we would have expected. We did û not that we like to talk about weather, but some of our acquisitions are in markets that do experience a little bit more extreme weather than a lot of the markets we already operated in. So a little bit of that purchase accounting impact has been delayed really until this quarter, Q3 and into Q4. So wouldn’t be surprised if that 20 basis points of impact in March ticks up in June.
Jessica Hansen: I would tell you the first thing I would take away is we feel good enough to give guidance again. So that to me is the biggest takeaway is that the spring has been good enough. We felt comfortable to sit here today and provide that level of guidance. We will continue to update quarterly as we can, but with six months left in the year, the houses we have under construction, the spring sales we have seen to-date. As -- we don’t want to put guidance out there, we don’t feel comfortable that we can hit, but I’d tell you that we think the 55,000 to 56,000 annual homes is a very realistic range at what we would expect to deliver for this year.
Jessica Hansen: Oh! Well, our community count did tick-up organically this quarter and then even further because of the acquisitions, so I’d anticipate the community count remaining up through the remainder of the year. We will see what comes from absorption versus communities, but we haven’t given a specific guide to sales.
Jessica Hansen: No. Su, I mean, we do expect that cost moderation to primarily come from lumber as it pertains to other material inputs. We have always got some costs that are rising, but we generally find ways to offset those so we would expect lumber to be a tailwind to gross margin in the back half of the year. Labor costs haven’t come down, even with some of the softness. But in terms of trade availability, that’s helped a little bit as some builders have slowed their starts this spring as compared to maybe what was anticipated. I don’t think we have given our revenue and stick-and-brick per square foot yet that we typically provide on the call, so on a year-over-year basis our revenues per square foot were up about 2% versus our stick-and-brick costs which were up 4%, so that goes right in line with the year-over-year decline in gross margin we saw. Sequentially that was a much tighter range. Our revenue per square foot was essentially flat and our stick-and-brick cost per square foot was just very, very slightly up.
David Auld: In closing, our results reflect the strength of our long-tenured and well-established operating platform across the country. We are striving to be the leading builder in each of our markets and to expand our industry leading market share. We are focused on consolidating market share, while growing our revenues and profits, generating strong annual cash flows and returns, and maintain a flexible financial position. We are well-positioned to do so, with our conservative balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offerings across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position and most importantly, our outstanding experienced team across the country. We thank the entire D.R. Horton team for their continued focus and hard work. We look forward to working together to continue growing and improving our operations. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: Stephen, I’d say it was kind of a traditional seasonality. It got a little better in January, a little better in February, a little better in March. The market is û it seems pretty solid out there. It’s -- and April is pretty much as we expected. So I would tell you kind of a pleasant surprise given our first quarter, so we are happy with what we are seeing out there right now.
David Auld: We have seen it unwinding, yes, incentives are certainly lower today than they were first quarter, and that progressively, we have been able to hit our sales targets with a little less incentive each month.
David Auld: Carl, I can tell you Texas is a great market. We are seeing solid performance across all of our divisions. We are coming off very tough comp of second quarter last year and we are dominant market share in the four major cities, so it’s -- we are very happy with Texas. We like what our operators are doing out there. And the truth is our targeted growth in Texas is probably low-single digits to mid single-digit for the year, and we think we are well-positioned to hit that.
David Auld: I wouldn’t say accelerate. We have markets where we are not dominant and our focus is to be in a significant, if not dominant, market position in every market. So a lot of growth opportunities. A flag in Texas typically helps at a much higher pace than flags in other markets. So it’s balanced, it’s disciplined and it’s something we are focused on continuing.
David Auld: Re-accelerating, that’s a tough question to answer today. A lot depends on interest rates. I can tell you we are very happy with the spring market so far. We are going to know a lot more as it rolls along, if it continues through May and early June, it’s going to be a great year.
David Auld: It’s always possible. We try to be conservative, disciplined in what we say, and then do what we say we are going to do. So it depends on the market. As we get through the spring, we will take a look at it and then how this year ends up, we will take a look at next year. I can tell you, our operators all have the Horton DNA in them and they want to drive growth, so.
David Auld: Yeah. In terms of the gross margin, yes, we are balancing pace and price, margin and volume, to generate the best returns we have. So, yes, those are levers that may move up and down within our range. I would say our longer-term range on margin has been 19% to 21%, or a little bit broader 18% to 22%. And so margin in the 19% is certainly not unusual for us and in the current market coming off the incentive levels that we had to put in place to regain momentum back in Q1, we feel good about the level that we are at and the ability to potentially start to carve some margin back going forward. In terms of the gross margin profile across our brands, we are still seeing pretty tight range in terms of margin and still seeing very good margins within our Express brand and that’s still the heart of the market, where we are seeing strongest demand and the lowest supply of inventory in the marketplace, so still seeing very solid margins in Express.
David Auld: I would say, Stephen, that we look at the M&A as opportunities to add to the long-term profitability and capabilities of the D.R. Horton company overall. So where we can expand with great teams into new markets or deepening share in existing markets with great teams of people. That’s our primary focus and we are frankly very selective on where we are going to get aggressive and any kind of a acquisition opportunity. Having said that, we need to continue to look at lots of opportunities and acquisitions, and we certainly think that DHI is an attractive acquisition opportunity as well for us in terms of our share buyback. You can see that as we have allocated more capital to that this fiscal year than in prior, so it’s a balanced approach.
David Auld: It certainly is as a component of the overall acquisition, but the determining factor for us is generally going to be the people and the talent rather than simply the lot position or the lot portfolio. That is what justifies for us the effort, expense, and potential risk you have with an acquisition is the long-term playback of adding to your platform.
David Auld: I would say we are not seeing anything outside of normal seasonality. It’s been a good spring. It’s been a solid spring. But we would say it’s consistent with what we would expect to see in normal seasonality thus far.
David Auld: We are, I think, very happy with the progress to-date, building out a team, identifying sites. The whole key for us is sustainable and scalable. So it’s going to play very closely in with our homebuilding operations. The sites that we are building on right now are pieces of property that were a part of our larger communities where we are building houses. It seems very synergistic to what we are trying to accomplish. It allows us to reach affordability of buyers or not buyers, but homeowners, future homeowners, it gives them -- we start a relationship with them, so we are very excited about it. I think right now, we have four projects under construction. Two pretty much completed and were in lease-up and a pipeline of deals across the country of more than 20. So, over time, it’s going to be a pretty significant business for us.
David Auld: We are very happy with the performance of all the brands. I mean, we are growing Freedom. I think that’s going to be a very important part of our future offerings. Emerald has stayed fairly steady at about 3% of our deliveries. The Horton brand maintains dominance and Express, it’s pretty much fully rolled out, so I think that 30, 35 may go up a little bit, percent of deliveries will remain constant.
David Auld: Something we are always looking at opportunities, Alex, and as we get further into that, if we get further into that, we will certainly let you know.
David Auld: We have not given specific guidance, Alex. We are still in the early stage. This was the first project sale in the multi-family division. We do have four projects under construction and two projects that are substantially completed in the lease-up phase. So we sort of would expect we would have two projects in the coming quarters. But we don’t expect to see a sale every quarter. So we are not in a position yet to provide more specific guidance than that.
David Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everyone’s time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in July to share the third quarter results and to the D.R. Horton team, incredibly proud of what you guys have accomplished out there over the last six months. I just want to thank you.
Bill Wheat: And Stephen, with respect to the option percentage, certainly, we are pleased with the progress we are making. We expect to continue to progress from here, but we are not going to put out a set target necessarily, but we do expect to continue to increase the percentage of our lots that are controlled through purchase contracts and that’s giving us more flexibility. What that sets up is the potential to increase our cash flow from operations over the next few years and with that increased cash flow that gives us more flexibility for our capital allocation. We have been able to fold in share repurchases into our allocation over the last year-and-a-half or so and pleased with the progress we have made there and expect to continue to keep that as an important part of our allocation.
Bill Wheat: I think you see, John, that we are expecting some benefit from the lumber softening we saw last year as those closings come through and we start to deliver those. We have started and will continue to deliver those. But the market did take a step backwards in our first quarter and the pricing incentive levels that we are pushing off of right now are going to allow us to be a little stronger in the margin but it’s difficult to gauge the full extent of how much and when any of those concessions we gave up in the fall are going to be back and showing up in closing margins. Trying to take a measured pace to looking at margin.
Bill Wheat: We would look and see that some of the demand that was displaced in the fall will probably elongate as selling season this year in the spring and into early summer as those buyers have returned and more continue to come to the market, so it’s still a great time to buy a home.
Bill Wheat: We have not seen material impact in the business at all. At the margin, there are certainly individual customers that may have to wait and work on a different loan program, or are getting delayed in their process, but we have not seen any significant impact whatsoever.
Bill Wheat: And I think you will see those new communities contribute more meaningful in Q3 and Q4 to sales than in the first month û the first quarter of their opening.
Bill Wheat: Intra-quarter closings would be those that we sold and closed in the same quarter. I believe it was over 40%...
Bill Wheat: …in the second quarter. Looking at the age of our inventory, the number of unsold homes that we have in inventory completed over six months was the same at March 31, 2019 as it was at March 31, 2018. So the inventory is still young, to use your word. And looking at that, we did have some I don’t want to use the W word, but we did have some events this quarter that effected some production. So we do have some of those completions coming a little bit later, from the winter and into the early spring.
Bill Wheat: I think, yes, we touched on for spec completions, as well as a bit of an elongated demand cycle this spring is what got displaced from the market in the fall. Still the same people that want to live in a home from the fall. Still want to live in a home. They still have a housing need, and we are positioned to supply that need this summer.
Bill Wheat: Sure. We do have some cost tailwinds that we do expect to start coming through our closing in Q3, primarily from lumber pricings having dropped in the latter part of ‘18 and as we have talked about a bit as we have been able to pull back our incentives gradually through the spring, that should result in some improved margins versus the closing we have seen in Q2, say, those are our primary factors that we would expect to see some sequential or potential for margin improvement.
Mike Murray: We need to see the rest of the year to really guide beyond Q3 or the rest of the spring to guide beyond Q3.
Mike Murray: I spent the last four to six weeks traveling our California market, driving communities, very impressed with the effort execution of our teams out there. I don’t think our California market is on fire by any stretch of the imagination. But I will say in my world, effort and execution is what separates us from our competitors and I was very happy with what I saw from our people. The overall market in California appears to be getting a little better. It was not good in the first quarter and there’s some portions of it that had -- gives you a sense that it is coming back fairly well. We are focusing as affordable as you can be in California. I was very happy with what I saw, I will say that.
Mike Murray: Generally, we look at a snapshot of inventory position of around 50% of sold to unsold homes in total inventory that will vary higher and lower at different points in the year. But -- and that’s sort of a result of every one of our operating divisions evaluating their communities one by one, looking at a trailing sales pace along with an expected forward sales pace based upon where they are in the year and what they are seeing in those sub-markets. And then they are adjusting their spec inventory kind of relative to the construction cycle of that community and managing it week-to-week-to-week based on sales, closing and production completions. And there are varying starts on that basis, so the sum result of it comes up to about a 50% ratio plus or minus throughout the year.
Mike Murray: And from some very early-stage projects to more robust further down the line. We still expect the next couple of years, we are not going to see a sale of recorder, but there will be occasional sales as we deliver the first set of projects that have been in the pipeline the last couple of years, but then over the longer term certainly expect some growth there.
Mike Murray: Currently, we are in a kind of a build-for-sale operation. We would evaluate alternative capital structures. David mentioned before, we are looking for something that’s scalable and sustainable and that would certainly be more accretive to returns in that business. First thing for us was simplistically wanting to figure out and kind of understand the business and looking at how we can build that business as sort of a combination with our homebuilding platform across the country. So a lot of the initial pipeline that we have been working within current projects have largely been on land parcels that are part of larger master plans we have been developing and building homes in and rather than in the past typically selling off those corners of land to other developers, look to develop the capabilities to monetize that land and add that value ourselves. So as we look to roll it out forward and accelerate it, we would certainly be looking at the capitalization of that business with a lot of options open in front of us.
Mike Murray: In terms of the Horton Capital Plan, no plans to pay off the next maturity early, we will be then evaluating our cash flow, our investment plans for fiscal 2020 and as we put those plans together, we will determine whether we simply pay that debt off or whether we refinance all or a portion of that. In terms of Forestar Capital, very pleased with the progress that has been made with respect to building the capital stack at Forestar. Them issuing their first issuance of senior notes here in April was an important step to getting the capital to start making investments for fiscal ‘21 revenues for Forestar. Certainly equity is in the plans as well, and we want to be prepared and in position for Forestar to issue equity when the opportunity presents itself. I have been very pleased that Forestar now has three equity analysts covering them, and the management team at Forestar really alongside the Horton team here as well is starting to hold more meetings with investors. We will begin attending some investor conferences and basically getting the story out there. I would encourage investors to look at the Investor deck that’s on the Forestar website. It’s very helpful in describing the lot manufacturing business model at Forestar and certainly look forward to them being able to expand their float in the future.
Mike Murray: If the question is have we given it any thought, absolutely, w watch everything going on in the industry.
