Donald J. Tomnitz: I don't have a formal closing this quarter as our strong numbers speak for themselves. However, I would like to thank all of our DHI teammates for producing an outstanding quarter. This concludes our prepared remarks. We'll host any questions you have now.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I'll take the second part of your question first. I noticed a lot of media coverage around foreclosures. And frankly, one of the things that we think is that the foreclosures that are available to our buyers today are in typically poor condition requiring quite a bit of cash out of pocket to make them livable. And I think that's one of the reasons why you're consistently seeing over 1/3 or equivalent to 1/3 of existing home sales go to all-cash buyers, which means that the investors who have the money to take out of their pocket to put -- to improve those homes. But our buyers are typically looking for a new home, obviously, with a good warranty to behind it and frankly, something that they don't have to take cash out of their pocket. So I think we're in a very, very strong position notwithstanding the fact that banks are supposedly going to increase the number of foreclosures they're putting on the market. But again, I think these are tertiary buys compared to what the new home buy is for our customers. Now generally speaking, as I go across the country and I don't like to identify markets anymore as which ones are strong and which ones are weak, there are just several markets and primarily in the Sun Belt, in the coastal regions, that continue to be better markets for us. And typically, those are where some job creation is taking place and if you certainly look at the state of Texas, state of Texas is generating jobs and the state of Texas continues to be a very good market for us.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, Bill, I think, will put some more color on this. But frankly, as you recall, probably 12 months or so ago, 18 months or so ago, we began talking about focusing more on the move-up buyer. And we have been focusing on the move-up buyer and I certainly think that's one of the factors contributing to our increase in our ASPs.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And frankly, from a perspective of offering that move-up product with our cost structure both from the land side, as well as from the hard cost side, the direct sell side, we can develop and build a better if not equally as good a product as a custom home builders who are having difficulty getting financing and offer better product to the buyer.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think certainly, they're going to flip the house at some point in time. I think that clearly, they're going to take some time to fix these up, but at the same time, I think they're going to hold them for a period when the pricing improves. So I don't see any immediate competition from the investor, who basically probably has a 2- to 3-year horizon before they flip the housing -- flip the house. Also, our pricing power is not as strong as it has been in the past in many years, so I think we're still out there facing pretty much flat pricing. Most of where we're coming from is by being able to delete our incentives and our sales, so to speak. We don't have nearly as many event-driven sales this year as what we have in the past. We've had more of a level sales from the beginning of the year.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well I think that our move-up buyer segment will continue to increase as a percentage of our overall sales as we move forward. Also, as I mentioned earlier, we're very competitive with the custom builders out there who cannot get the financing. And the second part of it is that, that second time buyer and that third time buyer basically have a lot more to put down and they don't have the challenging FICO scores, a lot of our entry-level buyers have. So the down payment and the better credit scores help us meet that buyer demand a lot easier than the entry-level buyer.
Donald J. Tomnitz: First of all, let me emphasize that notwithstanding the fact that we are looking at some land and lot development deals, our business model still is a land light business model and our focus is very strict underwriting guidelines on our development deals. 90-plus percent of all of our deals, development deals require that we get our capital back in 2 years or less. There are some outliers but not very many outliers. On a go-forward basis, we'll continue to -- where finished lots are not available at attractive prices. We'll continue to evaluate those land a lot development deals. We have in the past, as you know, been a large developer and we'll continue to develop where it's optimistic for us.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think especially relative to our peers, I think our debt to cap and our net debt to cap is extraordinary strong and permits us the opportunity to continue to aggregate market share from our competitors as well as the custom homebuilders.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And I would also say to you from our construction cycle perspective, we're starting and finishing homes at a much faster pace than what we have especially during the hot markets of the '04, '05, '06. And so as a result, notwithstanding the fact that we are down to 50% specs, we can build them quickly. And a number of our buyers are coming into our models today, which is a good deal for us, and that is requesting build jobs, so that they can get the house their way. And as you evaluate our gross margins, you'll clearly find that, that's an opportunistic position for us.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Our goal is to continue to grow our community count, and we are out there aggressively adding new subdivisions to each 1 of our 4 regions. I think relatively, relative to our peers, we've added more new deals and any other builder in the marketplace today. So our game plan is to continue to grow where growth make sense. But I don't want to get focused on so much the growth because the one thing we've done is we've gotten our debt down, and we also have got -- we still have work to do on our gross margins. And our goal is to try to get our gross margins up to the 20% levels. So we still, as you can tell from what we're -- the guidance we're giving you, which is a 16.5% to 17.5% for the second half of the year, we still have goals that exceed our current margins. So growth is important but profitability is more important.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well clearly, one of our focuses has been to penetrate our existing subdivisions deeper. In other words, to increase our net sales per subdivision per community because that is an optimum position for us. The key is we called a number of subdivisions that weren't performing. But most importantly and for the majority of the instances, we've gone back and reworked our pricing and our take down schedules on our option deals to enhance the performance of those communities. So I think it's a wonderful thing that would have increased our absorptions per community because they were a little low in our estimation.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We don't like to blame weather for our lack or performance nor do we like to give weather credit for our over performance. The real issue is strongly that our people are outperforming everyone in the industry and they executed the business plan that we put forth to them 6 months ago and they're exceeded their business plan. So no weather here.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Frankly, we're waiting for a lot of things. Let's not forget the -- I used to say that someone flip the switch February 1 on our buyers. I think frankly, they just increased the real steps slightly and we've had higher traffic in our communities and we've had higher sales. I don't think that you need to worry about our community count because one thing that we can do is we certainly can increase our community count rapidly. The thing that we are looking at in general, though, is that if you look at the macroeconomic situation in the U.S., I don't see very much of any job growth out there currently. And job growth is clearly what drives our business. So we have country that has a tremendous amount of debt and we still have a lot of unemployed people in this country and for -- and a lot of underemployed people. So what we're looking for is a general increase in the macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. before we start to become over-exuberant. We're 3 months into this and are we ecstatic? Yes, but we're not over-exuberant.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think Texas obviously, has been -- I don't think, I know it's been a strong market for us for even all through the downturn. And frankly, as we have some of our other markets kick in, it's less of a percentage in terms of our growth on a go-forward basis. But Texas, let me assure you, is strong and we're continuing to expand our footprint in all of our Texas markets. I would say to you on the cost side, clearly, we are receiving cost pressures. We're negotiating those as strongly as we can. One of the difficult things is, obviously as we began to begin to report a profit then all of a sudden, our suppliers and vendors began to realize that we are making money. But bottom line is we're still not as profitable as we'd like and we are also starting more homes than anybody else in the country so as a result, we are very, very competitively pricing and bidding everything that we've got going forward. And we want to work with our suppliers and our vendors. But we still have a lot more to accomplish in the quarter.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And frankly, over the last 4 or 5 years, we worked through a lot of changes in underwriting guidelines increases in FICO scores. So our job is to go build a product and adjust to the market whatever the financing is.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And frankly, as reflective of our attitude in our process of the corporate office of pursuing insurance recoveries based upon our insurance policies and the drywall Chinese drywall, I know that we told you in previous conference calls over the years that we're going to aggressively pursue that, and we have. And we've had some nice the accomplishments.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And frankly, we're controlling our SG&A very nicely and we're very judicious in our new hires. We want to make sure that the business, the earnings are growing before we add the overhead.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We don't have an exact number but I can tell you, as with visit with our salespeople across the country, there are more and more of those people who are becoming available. That's the -- I believe is a 3-year span. And those buyers are coming back into the market.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think, we'll be a little bit better than that but not significantly. And again, you're right, basically, we continue to aggregate market share across the country, as well as to drive down our directs as well as our keep our SG&A low so that we can offer a quality, very competitively priced product in the market. And then also, I want to continue to emphasize is that, that move-up buyer is helping us grow our market share.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think clearly, the shift into the move-up buyers we are experiencing more buyers who are bringing more down payment to the table, especially in markets like California where a number of our buyers have 20% down payments. I think generally, the answer to your question specifically on whether we're changing the way we're scrubbing our backlog, absolutely not. Standard procedure basically, no changes whatsoever.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And frankly, that's one of the reasons why we're indicating to you that we don't see a lot of pricing power available in any of our markets out there today. There are few but not many. And secondly, why we led you to our 16.5% to 17.5% gross margin expectation for the second half of the year.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think, frankly, this time around, the private builders have been devastated more than they've been devastated. Any previous downturn in this is for the nice fourth downturn in the industry. I don't see the banks stepping up to lend money to those people today. As a matter of fact, I see just the opposite. So I look at our markets and our submarkets across the country and the one thing that is consistent amongst almost all of those markets is that there are fewer and fewer public builders out builders who, one, are live and 2, if they are alive, they actually can get a loan from bank who doesn't want to loan them any money. So I think this is a unique downturn. It has been unique for D.R. Horton and myself. This has been the worst downturn in our almost 29 years together. I see an opportunity for us to continue to take market share not only away from those small and medium-sized undercapitalized private builders, but I also believe and know for the very first time in our company's history, that we have an excellent opportunity to continue market share away from our public competitors, who I perceive are way overleveraged to us and permits us an opportunity to continue to aggressively take market share away from them.
Donald J. Tomnitz: To answer your question directly, we are not putting a more expensive house on the same price as the -- our entry-level lot prices, so there's no real benefit there. As we continue to expand into that entry-level market, we're paying more for those lots than what we're paying for our entry-level products so there's really no enhancement there. And I would say the other thing about the pricing that we can't forget in terms of pricing power is that one of still our major issues facing our industry are appraisals. And notwithstanding the fact that we believe that we have a justification to raise prices in a number of our markets, those pricing increases are slow simply because of competitive appraisals throughout the U.S.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well I hate to put a number on that, Steve, because really, what we've done and what we’re going to do, we have a division president's meeting here in Las Vegas next week and we've expressed to our divisions in our 4 regions, our growth expectations for them in '13, '14 and '15. So basically, what they're going to be doing is going out and finding lots and land positions in order to meet their respective growth expectations that we have here. So I don't see -- it could be a double-digit, it could to be a single digit. But let's remember one thing, the best thing that could happen to us is to continue to achieve higher sales and higher closings of our existing communities because certainly, we have enough lots in our communities. We have enough lots on our books. And to the extent that we can penetrate those existing communities deeper, and that's better for us on a SG&A component and the gross margin component.
Donald J. Tomnitz: As I said earlier, our focus is on growth but our bigger focus is on profitability. We need to continue to grow our gross margin and our pretax income percentages.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we've consistently seen cost pressures from the land and lot side, as well as most importantly, our subcontractor and our vendor base. So it's a division-by-division, as we call it, release-by-release bidding process, an aggressive bidding process. As I said earlier, we are building more homes and starting more homes than anybody in the U.S. We bid every release. And we want to make certain that we have the most competitive pricing at that point in time. We're going to have commodities going up, and we're going to have labor going up but the bottom line goal has always been at this company is how we balance those with increases and decreases such that we end up with the most competitive direction in the market. Again, our size and our number of starts, I think, leads us to a very competitive position relative to our peers. As I travel the country, I just don't see a lot of our peers even today starting a lot of houses. So we're the preponderance of starts in most of our markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, frankly, over the last 5 years, we'll sell homes to anyone. Frankly, what we're focusing on is selling homes to families who are not investors, basically people who are buying homes for a good place to raise their children and send their children to school.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly, we can grow the business from a number of different aspects, whether adding new communities, whether of rolling options, whether we're penetrating our existing communities deeper or whether we're developing land and lots. We've got the whole wide expanse out there of opportunities. We just hope that the sales and the closings continue to be what they have been since the 1st of February because that will provide this company really the preeminent opportunity in the industry to continue to grow profitably.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And I think as Stacey mentioned earlier, as I asked the same question in our pre-conference call, our 60% capture rate has a lot to do with the fact that our mortgage company is also pursuing non-captive business. So sometimes those numbers are skewed slightly by the number of non-captive buyers they solicit and are able to garner in a specific quarter.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We haven't talked in a while and I guess, as just -- as Todd Horton [ph] says so eloquently, "No good deed should go unpunished." We continue to have the lowest -- some of the lowest SG&A in the industry and we include our corporate overhead in our overall. But we still get questions about our SG&A. But to answer your question directly, yes, that is a focus of the D.R.'s. But I'll let Bill perhaps explain or answer your question since I really just didn't answer your question.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And I think Bill makes an excellent point there. If you look at everyone else's footprint, most people have shrunk their footprint much more dramatically then we. And our goal all along was keep our footprint the same but then take down our multiple divisions in each one of our various markets to the lowest common denominator that we could get to. And they're ready to grow.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Actually, it's interesting you ask that question because it's really due to our more conservative nature. We had -- we started the quarter with 56% specs. Our goal was to try to get that number reduced back down to closer to 50% and we did. So it's just a function, I believe, of largely not having started as many homes as we could've started simply because our spec ratio was a little high and we wanted to see those specs come down. And frankly what happened was the spring selling season materialized and that caused our primarily our reduction in our specs. But as I said before, construction cycles are currently some of the shortest in the history of the company since I've been here. And our ability to put a house on the ground and get it ready for a buyer is the best we've ever had.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And frankly, that has been a focus of both Bill Wheat and Mike Murray with our division presence and our regional presence clearly identifying who needed to move, what age inventory or what point in time. And they actually, over the last quarter, did an excellent job on that.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Basically, I think that all of the lots that we're buying are more competitively priced than what they have been in the past. In other words, I think that the land sellers are trying to get more for their lots than what they had 2 years ago and 3 years ago because there has been some months of improvement in the industry. So I think we're going to continue to fight that on a go-forward basis.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And it's further constrained by the fact that we still have appraisal issues across the country. So again, I say, there's not a lot of pricing power in the industry today.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you very much. Again, I thank all the DHI employees who quarterly turned in an outstanding quarter. You continue to outperform all of your peers, market by market, subdivision by subdivision, and we look forward to a very successful second half of fiscal year '12 and look forward to a profitable years ahead. Thank you very much.
Bill W. Wheat: And generally, we believe that the change in mix towards move-up buyers is the top primary driver behind our increase in our average selling prices right now. We do in a very limited basis see the opportunity to raise prices or reduce incentives somewhat incrementally in some areas right now. But I think by far, the largest factors are changing product mix towards move-up.
Bill W. Wheat: And David, if you go back to prior to the downturn, our historic average mix had 35% to 40% of our buyers being first time home buyers and a fairly equivalent number of move-up buyers. I think what you're seeing in this shift is a shift back closer to a more normal mix for us. During the downturn, the first-time homebuyer was a much larger percentage. They got as high as 60% for us. And I think we're seeing a shift back towards a more normal mix now.
Bill W. Wheat: And then Mike, in terms of our balance sheet and how we're managing that, the pace of our investments in land, land development and finished lots has increased. Over the past couple of years, we had invested around $800 million in total. This quarter, we invested a little over $300 million. So that pace has increased, about 50% from where the pace had been. So we are seeing the opportunities to increase that pace in response with our -- to our improved sales. But all of those investments will be done within the constraints of where we want to keep our balance sheet targets and our liquidity targets. We still expect to maintain a strong balance sheet. Our target is to still keep our net debt to cap down below the 40% to 45% range. Clearly, we have a lot of room on that today. And this is really just reflective of how we prepared this company for the ultimate recovery in the housing market. We've been -- we generated a lot of cash during the downturn. We paid off a lot of debt. And we have a lot of cash on our balance sheet. So we're in a very strong position to be able to reinvest in our business now as we see the opportunities.
Bill W. Wheat: And that's a little bit reflective of the change of the product mix as our sales mix shifts more from first-time homebuyer to move-up buyer, you see -- you're seeing our spec mix shift with that as we see more build-to-order jobs.
Bill W. Wheat: And Dan, just one clarifying point in terms of our active-selling communities. Our selling communities were flat sequentially from December. They are down 6% year-over-year, which reflect some of the activity that we talked about in the second half of last year as far as cutting out underperforming communities. And so we've accomplished that but we are actively adding new communities today and would expect that to increase sequentially going forward.
Bill W. Wheat: Ken, I'd say the #1 reason was our reduction in our spec count. We reduced our spec from 56 to 50 and so there was a focus. I would say that in general, our closings exceeded our expectations for this quarter a bit. We didn't expect to convert quite as high but I think it was mainly driven by specs. Weather in a certain point in time always does have some effect, but largely, we do it as driven by specs.
Bill W. Wheat: And specifically in our business, we're on a front-edge of seeing some early indications on a number of factors that could be improving. But again, this is only 2 months into a selling season and that doesn't necessarily make a trend. Improving absorptions, slightly improving kind of rates and some improvement in sales prices and margins, those are certainly good indications but we're on the early stages of that.
Bill W. Wheat: That's been -- the VA percentage has been fairly consistent for us over times. Whether it's sustainable, I'm not sure I know the answer to that. But over time, that's been a fairly consistent percentage. As far as our overall business percentage in FHA and VA combined, that's actually down year-over-year. So a 57%, that's down a bit from where we've been in the past.
Bill W. Wheat: On a simple pretax income basis, all in pretax, consolidated pretax income basis, we're not quite there yet. We're at about $200 million loss on a 3-year trailing basis right now. So -- but we do see that -- we do see as getting out of that position sometime before the end of the fiscal year. That is one of the major factors, clearly, that goes into the evaluation. But it's one factor. Obviously, we want to see ourselves deliver our backlog strongly the rest of this year. We want to see our sales continue to be strong and our pricing to remain stable, our margins remain strong profitability levels and remains as good as well. And then we also then look at the rest of the industry conditions, as well as general economic conditions and the mortgage markets. So all of those things will go into the mix and evaluating when we feel confident that, that asset can come back onto the box. Ultimately -- but it's just a matter of timing and ultimately, it's just a general entry. It's just the balance sheet entry. It's not -- it will not change our cash position one bit and so when that happens, it will happen. Whether that happens before the end of fiscal year or not, it changes a few metrics but ultimately, it doesn't change our business one bit.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, clearly, the margins on more recent land purchases will typically be a bit higher than land that we purchased earlier. In '09, the market was still struggling some, and so some purchases, we would've made in '09 may not have performed at the levels that we expected if conditions deteriorated, and the more recent purchases are more in line with where the market conditions are today. I don't have numbers in front of me to be able to quantify the difference. But clearly, more recent purchases that we've been able to evaluate with our current cost structures and with the current market conditions would have better margins.
Bill W. Wheat: We haven't seen any real changes in our cancellation trends here in April. And I'm sorry, I didn't quite pick up the second half.
Bill W. Wheat: The $2.4 million reimbursement does equate to around 30 basis points. We did have some additional insurance recoveries during the quarter as well that contributed to that. So the remainder of the 80 bps is an entirely due to changes in estimates. I believe it's about 60 basis points were based on total insurance recoveries and 20 basis points were from a change in estimate. And the changes in estimate relative from quarter to quarter do fluctuate somewhat, but the largest contributor this quarter was our insurance recoveries.
Bill W. Wheat: Generally, when we look at our incremented revenue growth, at least in the short term, we look at SG&A as a variable component. And typically, our SG&A variable component will be somewhere in the 4% to 5% range of the increase in revenues. So in the short run, that's probably a rule of thumb to use. Over the longer term, there'll be some additional SG&A that would need to be built to support a much larger volume level. But that's the SG&A leverage is the biggest portion of any leverage that we get from our growth.
Bill W. Wheat: By and large, it will come on in one piece. When you get to the level of confidence that you believe the asset is recoverable, by and large, it should come on in one piece. The only exception to that will be to the extent that a portion of our NOLs that we're carrying forward relate to certain states in which the carryforward periods maybe rather short. There may be some portions of our state NOLs that we may not feel that we will fully recover. So there could be some portion that could be left in the balance sheet or the valuation allowance could be remaining for those portions.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, when we've been talking about the recoveries, we've been speaking about the sequential change. And so of our sequential change you have 80 basis points from Q1 to Q2, about 60 basis points of that is coming from the reimbursements, which it is around $5 million in total, of which $2.4 million related to Chinese drywall. The remaining 20 basis points, the remaining change is something that's just ongoing. There's always some fluctuation from quarter-to-quarter based on activity in terms of our costs, activity in terms of just the way some of our costs settle out and the way we have to adjust our estimates.
Bill W. Wheat: Clearly, our forward expectations are to continue to improve gross profit, but we don't want to mislead anybody as to what caused the sequential increase this quarter.
Bill W. Wheat: And as we look to invest and as we look to grow, certainly, we want to grow incrementally but as long as we also stay disciplined as far as how we invest, stay disciplined on our land supply and on our return thresholds on a project-by-project basis, that's what will improve our company, not simply focusing on the top line growth.
Bill W. Wheat: And we're always looking to try to strike the best balance community by community between driving additional volume and improving our prices or reducing our incentives. Sometimes we're constrained by appraisals in the submarket but in general, we're trying to strike that best balance. Right now, we clearly would love to see more absorptions per community. But we want to see that with some improving dynamics in terms of our incentives and our pricing as well.
Bill W. Wheat: Since we have very strong capture rate with our captive mortgage company, we really haven't noticed a substantial impact on our aggregated closings in any given quarter because of any follow-up from other mortgage companies. Typically, if we're not working with DHI Mortgage in a given market, that division will be working with other preferred lenders and have a tight working relationship to manage the backlog through. So we haven't really had that kind of a fall-off in our business.
Bill W. Wheat: Year-to-date our SG&A expense is 13.5% of revenues. That is higher than our long-term target. Our long-term target is to have it as close to 10% as we can. There's a lot of targets that we're not quite at today. We're not at normal margin rate either. So we have certainly kept our some level of SG&A infrastructure that will support some higher volume as evidenced this quarter when our closings were up 21% and SG&A was only up 3%. We've also maintained our footprint across the United States. We haven't exited a lot of markets. And so we are in well-positioned to be able to grow and leverage that SG&A. We expect as we're able to reinvest in the business, use some of our cash to grow our business and we would leverage that SG&A and it will drop as we grow. And hopefully we can get it back closer to that long-term target of 10%.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, $432 million is in our debt. The face value of those notes is $500 million. So the remainder of $68 million is equity today, and that's the value of associated with the convert. And that is being accreted each quarter out of equity and into debt. So by the time that debt matures in 2014, we'll be at $500 million debt on the balance sheet.
Bill W. Wheat: Well it's not callable in advance of the maturity date. So we can't make that decision or let transaction until 2014. But clearly, yes, the price is 1306 [ph] the strike price of 1306 [ph] so as long as we take care of business here then we should be in good shape.
Bill W. Wheat: We do typically see our spec percentage sequentially from December to March because we do have home started prior to the selling season but then we sell during the March quarter. But I think, we did a little bit better job of selling-through that this quarter than we have in the last 3 years.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Mike, as we talked about on the conference call, most of our sequential improvement was not necessarily from underlying strength in being able to raise sales prices. It came from a change in our estimates related to warranty and construction defects. So when we're giving the guidance going forward, we're taking into account that sequentially, we've seen very good sales but we haven't necessarily seen a pickup in our underlying margins just yet. So we've got the range that encompasses about where we were this quarter but also allows for the core margin to remain about where it is. In terms of volume, none of our margin is contingent on volumes. Everything is house-specific and flows-through cost of sales. It's previously capitalized inventory until the home closes, it doesn't hit cost of sales.
Stacey H. Dwyer: There certainly could be, going forward, which is why we give a rather wide range with the high end of the range above last quarter's margin. It essentially includes this quarter's margin.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Now the other thing I think you're seeing and I've read in several analysts reports that we kind of referred to a couple of times here, the other opportunity is for home buyers are smaller than they were. There aren't as many other builders offering new homes, so you're seeing a disconnect in terms of the national new home data and what you're actually seeing terms of the large public builders as we're taking market share.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And with all that being said, if you look at our option lot positions since September, we've grown the number of lots we have under option by 8,000. We've increased our own lots by about 1,000, and we have spent more money this quarter than we have in the recent past on land and lots. So even with all the caveats we're feeling better about our business overall.
Stacey H. Dwyer: The proposed change in state the capital and the seller contributions toward closing calls from 6% down to 3%. Our average right now is closer to the new proposed cap. So we don't ever start offering 6% closing costs. So it might impact some of our marginal buyers but overall, it's not going to be a significant impact.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes, the second part how would we prepared to respond to the FHA changes. And it's going to be business as usual, and we'll just be working with each customer with the available loan guidelines that are out there. One benefit we have at D.R. Horton is we have what we our Home Buyers Club. And we work very specifically with people who have credit challenges and help them plan for homeownership, whether it is cleaning up collection items on their credit report, establish a payment plan for that, improving their credit score, just to establishing a savings plan for their down payment.
Stacey H. Dwyer: The challenge there is and if you're looking at simply the seller concessions, if you're looking at contributing 6%, you're probably working with a buyer who doesn't have a significant amount of cash at closing and the FHA down payment is 3.5% whereas conventional mortgages is going to at least 5%. So I'm not sure that trying to transition that person to conventional mortgage fully addresses the cash situation of that buyer. And that's where we would work with the buyer then to help them understand exactly what's required in terms of cash at the point of closing.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And since our cancellation rate actually improved in this quarter, down 22%, we're not running into any significant hurdles even with our outside lenders right now.
Stacey H. Dwyer: One clarification to you to, Tim. For D.R. Horton, the external sales commissions are actually in our cost of sales not in our SG&A. and I just want to know if D.R. put you up to that question.
Stacey H. Dwyer: One of the things that helps keep the lid on that though is the land prices are constrained by what we can sell the home for. And so when we’re targeting a specific gross margin and return on our investment and we know what our fixed cost are, they basically use a residual that we're not willing to pay about a certain dollar for the land.
