Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Melissa. And good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2021. Before we get started, today’s call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K and it’s most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q in the next day or two. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: I don’t have a percentage to share with you, Matt. Honestly, we haven’t spent a whole lot of time on that to date. I do think it’s a narrower target than what was initially proposed. And so I don’t know that we expect it to move the needle a whole lot. Honestly, the market strength today is extremely robust, and we don’t really need anything to increase demand further or put more pressure on home prices, which is ultimately what more buyers, with a limited supply in the market, can drive. So we’re going to continue to maintain our focus on affordability, and I’m sure our mortgage company will be focused on what we need to do on that front. And we’ll support those buyers as they come into our sales offices, if that is something they can take advantage of, but we don’t expect that to be a big impact overall.
Jessica Hansen: And Carl, in terms of material cost increases, although we have had to take some cost increases, as home prices have continued to rise and our building product partners have been experiencing cost increases in their business, we generally have price protection built in to where we have a cap on what our increase is going to be. So when you see a headline price increase for a product category, generally, what we’re taking is less. It may just be protected in a form of a back-end rebate so we can protect the market price for our partners, but we are generally taking something much less than whatever the overall market increase is.
Jessica Hansen: Yeah. I think we would agree with the latter that pricing may lag a little bit, but we clearly are seeing the ability to continue to push price. Our first time homebuyer percentage is actually up year-over-year, 57% compared to 53% last year, and we actually saw it tick up to the high 60s for Express. And also an improvement in terms of our first time buyer percentage just in our D.R. Horton brand. Our FICO scores stayed extremely stable as have our debt-to-income levels. So it’s showing us that the buyer and the consumer is healthy today. And there are still plenty of people out there that can afford to buy a house. That being said, it's something we recognize that could ultimately become an issue. We still have an average sales price that I think is, compared to most people, about $100,000 lower than most of the rest of the public builders. So that puts us in a very strong competitive position to continue to accommodate buyers who really are looking for affordable product offerings.
Jessica Hansen: So there’s a lot of variability, as I think David alluded to earlier, market-to-market, community-by-community. But even if you just listen to the other builder conference calls, which I have, generally, they’re talking about higher price increases at a minimum on average versus an individual floor plan than we are in most cases. So I think we do believe that we’re continuing to maintain that competitive advantage by not necessarily pushing price in some communities as much as others. In some communities, I’m sure we're keeping pace with the market if the ability is there to do so.
Jessica Hansen: And our lot position and our production capabilities allow us to continue to do what we’re doing from an affordable product offering perspective, whereas other builders don’t have as deep of a lot position as we do in many markets. And they also can’t start as many homes as we can today. So there’s really no need for us to push price as much as some other builders are doing. As David said, our returns have been improving, I think, at or better than the industry as a whole, even while staying affordable.
Jessica Hansen: And Texas and Florida continue to be our two largest states, and where I think you’ve seen a lot of in migration and relocation, but that was happening before COVID.
Jessica Hansen: So I’m not sure that, you know, as a result of the pandemic easing and whatever changes from a work-from-home perspective, that, that really does anything to slow that down because we really think about that trend as haven’t been pre-pandemic and those being very friendly states that generally have more affordable housing, where people have wanted to live and where a lot of businesses have relocated to so their employees can have a good cost of living and find a good quality home at the right price.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Mike. We really only have the best visibility to wonder out, which is why we’ve stuck to guidance for just Q3 specifically. But clearly, market conditions remained very strong. And we’ve been very pleased with our operators. As you’ve heard us say, every quarter, for several quarters, our gross margins have exceeded our expectations because they’ve done such a great job controlling costs. And we have been able to pushed through some price to offset some of that costs as well. I think our base case would be if market conditions remain this strong, we’re hopeful that we get enough price to offset any cost increases. And is there potential upside due to continued market strength? Sure. But it’s not something we can sit here and say today about our fourth quarter margins or anything further out, it’s going to continue to be dependent on market strength, affordability and our ability to push through price.
Jessica Hansen: We continue to have a focus on efficiency. And regardless of what’s going on in the cost environment, we’re trying to become more efficient every day, and we want to be able to put an affordable house on the ground regardless of our input costs. And I think we've proven that our operators and our scale are allowing us to do that kind of regardless of lumber fluctuations here over the last couple of years. And we’ll see where it's headed. But we adjust to that as necessary and do the best we can to manage those lumber costs as they come through.
David Auld: In closing, our results reflect our experienced teams and expanding production capabilities, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to capitalize on today’s robust market and to effectively operate in changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of our company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. Your efforts continue to be remarkable. We are incredibly well-positioned to continue growing and improving our operations. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: John, I'd say we're always going to try to get better and continuing to push the auction as a percentage of total. We consider that a better utilization cap. So if we're at 75% now, over time, we would expect to turn that into 80%, and we'll get to 80% over time. If different market conditions, it could grow beyond that. So it's - it's just – you know, like every time we do, we talk about sustainable, scalable, and that follows right on track. We believe that auctioning lots is - will drive better cash flow, better returns to our shareholders, and as our builders on our platforms out there execute that strategy, relationships grow stronger, and it's just a - there's a momentum that I think will continue.
David Auld: Yeah. John, we’ve seen on a very limited basis some erratic behavior on the land front, where a builder has positioned themselves where they just don’t have adequate or even non-adequate supply of lots, they are buying out of desperation. But it hasn’t been consistent across all the markets and even within markets where I have seen it, it’s not impactful to the overall land valuation. You know, our entire process through this cycle has been to auction lots, take longer positions where we control pricing through this market, and I think we said it on every call, we are incredibly well-positioned on our lot supply. And if somebody is being erratic, then we will – they’re going to be in a very difficult position to compete if they’re accelerating - if they’re overbidding land price, because we are – we’re pretty efficient in delivering houses, and our land pipeline is long and deep and very well priced.
David Auld: I think we’re looking at, what, low single digit community growth goal. I mean when you look at our lot count, a lot of that is option positions that are going to deliver over the next year or two years, and then last for two to three years beyond that. So at the pace these communities are running, we’re looking for 600, 700 lot projects, which doesn’t impact community count, but it does significantly increase lot count when it’s replacing some that’s half that size. So it’s about scale, it’s about driving consistent discipline starts. And demand right now is - it is really good. And so when Bill mentioned that our starts pace is driving our sales pace, I mean, that is the reality. If we could start more houses, we’d be selling more houses. So every month with us, it’s about driving production capability and expanding our start program. And if you look at week-to-week to week-to-week, it’s how we manage it. Our operation - our operators out there are doing a great job.
David Auld: Carl, it’s a consistent discipline start program that we’ve been on and managing very effectively, communicating that to our trade base. And so if they have visibility what their work process load is going to be over the next 60, 90 days. And does scale matter? Absolutely, scale matters. And I feel like every month, every - really, every day, every week, every month, our competitive position, because of our scale, because of our discipline, has just grown. And it’s - we talk about sustainable. It is a great market out there, and I feel like what we’re doing is we have the ability to sustain.
David Auld: Stephen, I think there’s always room to improve, and we’re pushing that mentality out every day. Nothing is good enough. We got to get better. And at our operators and our culture and our company, they’re all competing with each other. And so when you look at the numbers of our divisions, and you think the guy that’s in the 10th or 11th slot, wants to be the number one slot, and so - but to do that, he’s got to get bigger and he’s got to get better. And that drives a very good result for our shareholders. And we talked about absorption as a global deal. It’s really subdivision-by-subdivision, market-by-market. And our improvement in the platform and in the - what had been our smaller markets, scaling up to become big markets, has been nothing short of phenomenal. I mean, we've got great operators out there that, I think, have a lot of room to scale up, and they’re positioned to do it and we’ve got a market that has really derisked that effort. So I mean, I think our numbers are going to get better, Stephen. I think we’ve got a lot of upside on what we’re doing. And I didn't see the chart of how many markets we're number one in. But last quarter, I think it was 13. I mean, 13 out of 91. I mean, our expectation is we’re going to be number one in every market. So we’ve got a tremendous amount of opportunity to scale up.
David Auld: I’d disagree with Jessica. Our goal isn’t to sell one house, it’s to sell communities. And so we probably are not as aggressive as some of the other builders have been in raising prices. I mean, our margins are great, our returns are phenomenal, but we’re in this for the long haul. And it's - we're not doing anything short term that we don’t think is sustainable over time. So that’s just who we are. We like being affordable. We like being the price point leader. We like competitive advantage. We think that drives more consistent, sustainable results over time, which is how we think about things.
David Auld: And Alan, I’d say the builders that are positioned higher in the price scale, probably experienced more of that than we do. I mean ours – we’re selling to people forming housing - housing formations. And I do think that a lot of that is just local market buyers, which maybe insulates us somewhat from the people moving back and forth.
David Auld: You know, is the lower pricing here to stay? I think a lot of it was driven by mills shutting down during COVID. I do think as they reopen these mills and increase the capacity to deliver wood, you’re going to see some improvement, some - a little less pressure on it. I think opening up international trade may relieve some pressure on it. But right now, to date, the demand is so strong. A lot of people, over the last so many years, deferred buying a house. Now the house has been formed [ph] and the kids are coming, and COVID showed that you know, living in an apartment down, metropolitan area may not be the lifestyle you want, so a lot of factors driving demand. I don't know if I answered your question, but it's complicated.
David Auld: That's one of the things we look at on every project we put under contract. It’s how that stacks against FHA. And if it’s over FHA, it adds to the risks. But are we comfortable doing it? Yes. It depends – it’s all project-driven, market-driven.
David Auld: Thank you, Melissa. We appreciate everybody’s time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our third quarter results in July. And to the D.R. Horton family, Don Horton and the entire executive team, thank you for your continued focus and hard work. And I’m going to remind you again, stay humble, stay hungry and stay - and let's close out this year in an unbelievable fashion. Thank you.
Bill Wheat: And then John, with respect to share repurchases, I would use the word sustainable as well there. As we have progressed in our capital light strategy, as we’ve generated more cash flow, as we have gotten in position with our scale to reinvest in our business to support the scale that we believe that the market will bear today. And we’ve improved our balance sheet and our liquidity position. We are now in a position where I do think we have hit an inflection point where I think we can more definitively talk about consistently repurchasing shares and consistently reducing our share count over time. And so, we had a little bit of interruption with COVID last year in which we paused. We reinstated share repurchase last quarter and then this quarter, we’ve accelerated. And now with the new authorization, we are more definitively stating that we expect to consistently reduce our share count each year going forward, and that will be part of our balanced program.
Bill Wheat: John, back to your other question about closing homes before they’re ready. We’ve been in this business a long time and certainly have kind of learned a lesson that we don’t want to close the home before its time. So we will wait until the home is ready, and the buyer is satisfied with the home to be in there. At the same time, buyers are very anxious to get in their homes. Build times have elongated a bit with supply chain disruptions and some of the labor availability. Our production process, our consistent cadence of starts helps us overcome a lot of that. Selling homes after we’ve started them in their production cycle gives us more assurance of a completion date, and we’re able to better work with the buyers on matching that completion and closing date, align with what they need to move in for whatever situation they’re coming from. So keeping that buyer happy through the process, and most importantly, that day, they move in their house, they’re very happy with the completed D.R. Horton home that they’ve just purchased.
Bill Wheat: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. With the sales price increases that we have seen in recent quarters, with the sales price increase we’ve seen in our net sales orders this quarter, we are anticipating a further increase in our closing average prices in Q3 and Q4 versus where we’ve been in the first two quarters. So there is some expectation and visibility to increase sales prices in that revenue guide. As well, our total consolidated revenues, it does include our financial services revenues as well, and we’re seeing very strong net gain performance there. And so there is probably a bit more contribution from that segment of our business into the consolidated revenue guide as well.
Bill Wheat: Sure, Mike. Today, our starts pace and our production pace truly is leading our sales pace, and we’re essentially selling based on that production schedule, as Mike mentioned a few minutes ago. Based on the visibility that we see right now, we think we can continue to expand our capacity and put ourselves in a great position to continue to grow our business into fiscal ‘22 at a double-digit pace. But that being said, the quarterly sales order pace, when you look at the sales order pace last year in Q3 and Q4, we had some very strong levels that are some very strong comps that we’re up against in the back half of the year. So on our normal cadence and in positioning ourselves to grow double-digit next year, our sales order comparables year-over-year in Q3 and Q4 could be in the range of flattish, slightly up, slightly down, but that doesn’t really change the positioning that we’re going to be in, in terms of growing our top line and our bottom line in fiscal ‘21 and positioning ourselves for fiscal 2022.
Bill Wheat: We hate to put a goal or trying to define what the edge of the universe could be because we’d hate to limit it ourselves. I think 5 years ago, if you look back and told us we’d be doing these absorptions and production capabilities, we’d have been limiting to what we would have said at that time. So as David said, no matter what we’re able to get done, we know we can all do a little bit better and be a little smarter about how we do things.
Bill Wheat: We do take a long focus to all of this, and we do want to be sustainable and continue to grow our market share. We’re committed to growing our market share. We’re committed to returning capital to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases in a meaningful manner.
Bill Wheat: Yeah. I think there were some supply chain disruptions, some of the petrochemical plants on the Gulf Coast probably are creating some ripples. But by and large, our teams in the field did a phenomenal job of working through that, protecting the homes we had in production, as well as trying to make up the delivery days we may have lost to get those homeowners into their homes as quickly as possible.
Bill Wheat: Well, the $300,000 price was not the result of any top-down direct directed approach, it all happened at the subdivision level, the submarket level and the communities. And we can’t make as good decisions from a centralized basis here, as our teams in the field make multiple times a day, every day of the week and responding to the market conditions, which includes what existing homes were selling for, other new home alternatives a buyer may have, as well as their cost inputs to that process. We work closely with our mortgage partners in the field to understand what the buyers are coming in with in terms of a loan qualification process and have their underwriting, and all of that factors in on a daily and a weekly basis in determining what the home is worth and can trade for at that point in time. So what we're seeing as a result of individual decisions made by people that are very experienced in the field, very close to the customers. And we’re selling homes, we’re delivering homes, we’re originating and delivering mortgages to well qualified buyers today. So yes - and then that we’re seeing the upside of that is that our aggregate average sales price has increased substantially, both in the deliveries for the quarter and in the new sales for the quarter. But it’s the result of what's actually happening in the marketplace, we have so many model homes and touch points in market and communities, we’re just seeing the result of that rolling up. So you’re seeing a strong consumer, as Jessica mentioned before, that really wants to have a home.
Bill Wheat: Sure. You, typically, will see in a rising price environment like we’re in today, that the appraisals are often backwards looking. And it does tend to us to dampen maybe where it would go. But what you are seeing in our closed loans are homes that have been fully underwritten and appraised meeting appraisal valuations. And so we do hear about it anecdotally. There is oftentimes more education you can provide in that process and more information you can make available that can help with the appraisal process, but it’s not been a significant impediment to the prices that we’re contracting for homes are closing at those prices generally.
Mike Murray: Thank you, Michael. What’s giving us confidence from the ability to raise our deliveries guidance has been the starts we’ve been able to get out for the past two, three quarters, frankly, we’ve had very strong home starts, and that’s a result of our teams positioning their operating platforms to be able to have a sustained production cadence in a given neighborhood, in a given submarket. And that’s allowed us to enhance our relationships with a lot of local subcontractors and labor providers in a given market. We're able to give them a consistent and plan full starts program that they can then plan their business back to. On the materials side, there certainly has been, what they’ll call, a Whac-A-Mole game of trying to find the latest thing that we’re out of with our purchasing scale and a lot of our national partners that we’ve been working with, they’ve been really good at helping us get product into homes that we need to close the homes. And those teams have deep relationships with multiple channels in their markets, able to get the components we need to complete the homes. So honestly, our build times have elongated a little bit here lately. It’s not surprising, but we’re very pleased with the progress we’ve made at holding the line and the confidence we have in our production process today to up our guidance for the year and deliver more homes into the strong demand we’re seeing.
Mike Murray: Yeah. And Stephen, obviously, in the current market with as strong as demand it is, it’s a little different than we’ve seen at other times in the past. It truly is. We can increase absorption if we can increase production capacity and capabilities. So our operators, our construction managers and everyone is looking for how can we continue to expand our starts pace each week, whether that’s finding additional trades or helping our trades be more efficient, so they can do more homes in the same amount of time. So everybody is working to just get a little bit better.
Mike Murray: And we’ve consistently been growing at a double-digit pace for several years with just a low single digit community count growth. So we would continue to point you to our lot count as a driver. If we have a finished lot, we’re going to start a home ultimately, and we’re going to sell and close it. And so, that’s really more the driver than thinking about just a community count growth expectation.
Mike Murray: We don’t have anything that we’ve aggregated to track that. Anecdotally, we’ve heard, in my travels, David’s travels, we’ve heard about people relocating into the market. But we also have - when I talk to agents in the models, where your buyers coming from? They are coming from a ZIP code over or a school district over, and they’re looking to get a slightly different home at a different stage in their life or their first home, they’re coming out an apartment in that market. So I hear what you’re saying, Alan, and I understand what a lot of the national numbers have been. We have not necessarily tracked it to give you a quantitative answer here.
Mike Murray: Yeah, I think Truman that we’re continually looking to make sure we’re affordable to the markets that we serve on a neighborhood-by-neighborhood basis. And we’re seeing that today that we’re not getting any resistance to the pricing that’s coming through. You can just see that by the level of specs that we have. I think 26% of our homes in inventory are unsold today, and probably most of those are fairly recently started. It may not even have been released for sale yet, as we’re working our way through the production process. But as we see sign off softening demand would be an increase in our completed specs. And right now, those are down, I think, about 700 homes that are completed and unsold today, which is, you know, we probably haven’t been that low since 1992, the time we become public.
Mike Murray: Yeah, usually, in a given market, we may have that many, by intention. And so we are - we see very strong demand, and we’re not seeing any resistance yet on the affordability side. Because as we’ve talked about before, we do try to position ourselves as an affordable value choice against the competitive set we have in any even neighborhood versus other new homes and the compelling buy against existing homes.
Mike Murray: They’re probably about two to three weeks longer on the build process. What we have seen though, on the flip side of that, is historically with our spec production model, that we would have a period of time from when the home is completed until it’s finally closed - it's sold and closed. With the sales and deliveries we’ve had of our completed unsold homes over the past year, our time from completion of the home to deliver to the customer has greatly shortened. And so we’ve maintained a lot of capital efficiency and great inventory turns in that process. But we have seen an elongation of our build times.
Mike Murray: I don’t know that you could point to any one issue. It’s all a challenge in the execution of the business, and that’s what we do. That’s what our job is, is to get out there every day, identify sites that are going to make great neighborhoods, work with local municipalities and land sellers, third party developers to get the entitlements in place. Generally, anecdotally, it takes longer than it used to. And people, in some markets will complain, and then you’ll share a story about a market, maybe one of the coastal markets and how many years it takes to get through something, and then they’re like, wow, this is pretty good here. And then in terms of production capability, we have focused on expanding our production capability through a sustained disciplined starts program that lets us share that information with our subcontractor partners that they’re able to be plan full in their business and allocate the resources to it. They really appreciate working with us and that it’s they can be - they know what’s coming at them and what the expectations are. And so simplifying our product, simplifying our starts processes has been a big win for us in grabbing more production capacity in the markets and then hanging on to it by keeping the lots coming, so we can keep starting the houses.
