Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning and welcome to our call to discuss our financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. Before we get started today’s call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements, as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K and our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. For your convenience this morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-Q later today. After the conclusion of the call we will post updated supplementary historical data on the presentation section of our investor relations site for your reference. The supplementary information which we encourage you to review includes historical data on gross margins, changes in active selling community, product mix and our mortgage operation. Now I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: On the community count front Ken, the 10% to 15% consolidated revenue growth that’s really mainly driven by volume coupled with a little bit of price and in terms of community count we would expected to be low maybe top out mid-single digit growth. So the majority of that revenue growth is coming from further improvement in our absorptions. And we’re not guiding to the 20% to 30% of next year like we did this year. So we don’t have to expand our absorptions quite as dramatically as we did in fiscal 2015, but still very confident that we can drive further absorption improvement as we move throughout 2016.
Jessica Hansen: And just to clarify Stephen the comments towards debt reduction were specific to fiscal 2016. We have $543 million in maturities in the next 12 months. So that would be what we expect in fiscal 2016 and then when we’re looking further out we’ll have more commentary to share later. But as David said opportunistic.
Jessica Hansen: We’re still about 80% of what we’re doing in Express is Texas, Florida and the Carolina and the sizes in that order for those states in terms of percentage contribution. And we’re opening that in a lot of other places, but the vast majority of Express sales and closing to-date are in those three states.
Jessica Hansen: So Bob, in terms of further price appreciation we’ll see ASPs one of the hardest things for us to determine we don’t necessarily look at Q4 is an easy comp though we had a very, very strong up last Q4 I think in the high 30s is in reserves. And so to us that’s not an easy comp. But we’re going to continue going out and everyday hitting our targets on a community by community basis and continuing to drive sales improvement and it’s a markets there we’ll get the price. But the markets really going to determine that and from where we sit today with the impact of mix from Express. We would continue to expect our ASP to be flat to slightly up in fiscal 2016 versus fiscal 2015. 290,000 ASP on deliveries and just shy of that on sales is pretty much in all time record for us. And with the continued mix impact from Express, I don’t think we expect to necessarily move that needle a whole lot further.
Jessica Hansen: On a year-over-year basis Eric, we continue to face headwinds. Particularly on laboring materials and to a lesser extent lands but sequentially those trends have been getting better. Which is what you’ve seen in the stability in our gross margin and sequentially as we’ve moved throughout this year. So our gap is between our revenue increased per square foot and our cost increased per square foot this quarter. With the best we’ve seen in quite some time, our revenues per square foot were up 4.1% year-over-year, while our stick and brick cost we’re still slightly higher than that, but at 5.3%. So that 120 bps different is one of the narrower we had over the last year, year and a half. And to a lesser extend – as expected we’re starting to see on a year-over-year basis slightly higher land cost on a per square footage basis as well. But I think we feel really good about – moving into 2016, especially with the trends we’ve seen sequentially. And hopefully we can see it benefit next year. You know it’s only July, so we’re not going to go out on a whole lot of wins yet, as far as gross margins concerned in 2016. But we feel very good about remaining stable and if we can move it up or we’re going to move it up.
Jessica Hansen: And our 10.5% to 11% that we guided to for 2016 was a consolidated margin. So we could potentially have some upside on our financial services business as well. We see as we move throughout the year and we’ll have more color to share.
Jessica Hansen: Probably exactly what you just said, Sue. To us, the mortgage environment is okay. Assuming a buyer has decent credit and has a little bit of money to put down which isn’t unreasonable for somebody buying a house. Buyers can get credit today. So we’re seeing plenty of traffic come in and that can qualify. Our cancellation rate has settled out into the low 20s and that still the main reason people do cancel. They can’t qualify for the mortgage. But that low 20s rate is not unusually high or something we’re uncomfortable with. And we haven’t seen much in the way of change, but I do think you continue to just see very gradual incremental loosening. That probably at least all signs point right now that will continue. I don’t think we expect any broad movements in the market to really open the flood gates again. But just continued improvement in components then more buyers coming out and feeling better about their ability to qualify. And whether the standards have actually changed or not. I think we would point to as more of a positive over the past year. Then the actual mortgage standards themselves.
Jessica Hansen: Yes, Jack. It’s not a pickup on the VA side or VA was pretty much flat. So I think what you are seeing is an impact from the pricing getting more favorable on FHA coupled with a higher share of express. And coming through our closings which is a higher FHA percentage than our reporting in Emerald buyers.
Jessica Hansen: If you look at our homebuilding ROI on a trailing 12 months. It’s actually up 100 basis points as compared to fiscal 2014 and we would expect to continue to make further progress on that in Q4 in fiscal 2016.
Jessica Hansen: Mark, I’m sure we really have a view. I mean our focus is primarily on single-family and we’re not too worried – where that split is going to fall out going forward. Our goal everyday is to go out and increase our market share and each of the market we currently operate in. And so we’re going to gain as much of the single-family market as we can.
Jessica Hansen: Sorry. Alex, we’re looking for that. That’s going to be included in our supplementary data that we will post to the website right after that call.
Jessica Hansen: No. Our supplementary data that’s out on our investor relations site has on trailing eight quarters from its all of the data it may only have one or two shy of that for the brands just because of the brands are newer than that. But a pretty much has our entire history from a brands perspective.
Jessica Hansen: And but we did not add on their backlog to our reported sales for the quarter. So our sales number for the quarter was pure Horton with our other brands inclusive of the 25 sales that Mike just mentioned.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, in terms of the mortgages, I can give you some idea of, what that looks like for those buyers that are utilizing our mortgage company. And in a FICO score is really quite strong as well and it’s close to 700 on average for our Express buyers, the loan to value isn’t that for off from our company average, it’s slightly higher which was to be expected with our higher percentage of FHA loans being used. The debt to income is right inline with the average for our overall company and then obviously the loan amount is a little bit lower, just because of the lower average sales price. So I think we still really, really good about the depth in the market for that buyer and continue to prove it with the strength in the sales we’re seeing across all the places that we’ve open that
David Auld: In closing our third quarter growth in sales, closings and profits is a result of the strength of our operating platform and we are excited about the opportunities ahead. With the expectations Jessica shared for the fourth quarter – we believe our closings for the full year of 2015 will increase by approximately 27% representing an increase of 8,000 homes. And land right in the middle of the range outlined in the start of the year of around 36,500 homes. We remain focused on growing both our revenue and pre-tax profits at a double-digit pace for generating positive cash flows and increasing our returns. We are well positioned to do so with our solid balance sheet, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our D.R. Horton, Emerald and Express brands. Attractive finished lot and land positions and most importantly our tremendous team across country. We made considerable progress this year toward our goal of producing sustainable positive cash flow from operations. While still growing the business, we generated $189 million of cash in the first nine months of the year, an improvement of $762 million from the same period of 2014. We expect continued positive cash flow in 2016. We’d like to thank all of our employees for their continued hard work. In my opinion, the best of the industry. Now go forth and finish the year strong. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will host any questions.
David Auld: Well, right, Ken. No, I guess I’m excited because I think we just delivered a great quarter. But I think the positioning we did or have done over the last 12, 18 months, has set us up for a good run. And we just see general solid markets across the country nothings exploding but everything seems to be getting a little better on the month to month, quarter to quarter basis. And a waiver position and what we’re focused on right now and what we’ve accomplished leveraging the SG&A and just controlling cost I think it sets us up to containing what we’ve been doing.
David Auld: I think it kind of flat to moderate price improvement, yes, and that’s what we’ve seen thus for. We came into the year expecting relatively flat pricing due and part due to the expectations of mix shift to Express and while Express that certainly grown shortly as a percentage of our business that impact has been offset by price appreciation and to the extent we continue to see current market conditions as we move into 2016, hopefully that will continue.
David Auld: A very opportunistic, excuse me. We’re going to spend $2 billion plus just replacing what we deliver as we consistently generate and prove at a sustainable. It’s going to give us a lot of opportunity, I guess we’ll sure that when we get there.
David Auld: The Florida market in general is just getting better really across all three brands. The rollout which impacted for pricing mix on this Express was – initially launched we launched in Central Florida middle part of the state much more price competitive then, we’re introducing the product later which is kind of Southeast, Southwest. So you are just seeing a lift from those two various which I think it is a part of the overall increase in pricing in Express. But now state of Florida we feel very good about that.
David Auld: We were very well positioned in Houston 2012, 2013, and the community counts in Houston again are very well positioned.
David Auld: Well, if we get up everyday, thinking about sales, so yes, if we’re up 30% we’re concerned, we are not up 50, we’re up 20 we are concerned, we are not up 30. That’s just the nature of our journey. But we travel in the markets down, moving this right now driving sales divisions. And the general field across pretty much every market is it’s a little better today than it was last year. And there is a confidence in our operators, there is a confidence in our sales, in our model homes, traffic is steady. So it’s been a slow recovery, but consistent and it just seems to continuing, so we feel good about that.
David Auld: Bob, it is David. I continue the general consensus is flat, as we hit these absorption targets and as a market stays steady. I do think there may be a little upside in margin, but we’re going to guide to flat and attempt to do what we say we’re going to do.
David Auld: I think we’ve always – stressed leverage on the SG&A line and getting as much as we can out of our fixed overhead and so what we’re seeing now is low to single-digit growth in our community counts driving greater absorptions from those communities. And generally we’re probably replacing communities that are closing out with slightly larger communities they’re opening up, allowing us greater opportunities for increased absorptions and better leverage at the community level. For us this business all happens at the community level. The pace we drive at a given community helps drive improvements in margin efficiencies in the construction processes as well as better leverage of the overhead associated with that community.
David Auld: Our community count is roughly a similar to what it would have been a year-ago. Yes, I think in general we’ve heard commentary from other builders as well. We don’t have a huge presence at the high end. We have a few communities at the higher end in Houston. And so I’m not sure where a good proxy necessarily there. But we have clearly continued to see very strong reception at the entry level and first time move up level, so in our for express and Horton brands and that’s really where the core of our business is in Houston.
David Auld: I hope we’re seeing out there a pretty much Arizona Phoenix is picking up a little bit, seeing some good sales trend there, but coming up a pretty small base. So it shows us a large percentage, but the prior year numbers where fairly small. Las Vegas is actually in our West region. So it’s not impacting our Southwest numbers at all.
David Auld: We just like Phoenix for us has been a very good market in the past on a leading in the company. And I have every belief that it will be again. We’re seeing life in Phoenix and glad to see it.
David Auld: SG&A will definitely be a big part of the driver of the improvement in our operating margin next year, probably the primary driver, at least as we sit here today in July. SG&A there is a lot of factors that go in there, and there is a lot of focus that we spend in the company on it. We talk a little bit earlier with our improved absorptions in our existing communities that’s clearly a driver of SG&A leverages we’re not having to add the incremental cost with additional community counts. But also I would attribute to some of our focus on being more efficient with our inventory investments in our housing investments trying to improve our turns there. That clearly drives more SG&A leverage. That you will see our specs counts are little bit lower then where they have been here recently, and that cuts out some SG&A cost as well. And I would say there is a just a general focus on the company that as we grow, while we continue – have to continue to add overhead to support that growth in our expected growth. There is a discipline that I think is in place across organization to make sure that we keep our overhead in line with where our businesses and that we don’t get ahead of ourselves there. I just – there is probably a bit of caution with adding of additional overhead, that I think we are now seeing some very good leverage from as we grow right.
David Auld: Mike, at this point in July, we are not going to guiding to a 9% SG&A in fiscal 2016 as of yet, but clearly, if we expect to improve from where we are this year. We would expect to get below 9.5 and into the low 9s next year and we have achieved 9.0 before in the past. So it’s not all the realm of possibility. We are focused on just continuing to incrementally improve, incrementally leverage it. And we do believe that if we are able to continue to drive growth for multiple years beyond 2016 that we can continue to drive incremental SG&A leverage beyond that and could that result in us getting below 9 at some point in the future beyond 2016 that certainly possible. But I think that is a little bit of a longer potential.
David Auld: We’ve operated this year in the high 19s, 19.7 and 19.9 about first three quarters. We consistently say we expect our margin to be around 20. So if we come in around 20 that next year, that would be a slight improvement in our gross margin from this year.
David Auld: We saw our competed specs go down by 12% during the quarter, which is a pretty seasonal movement for us through the spring selling season, as we’re selling those homes that we build and had inventory available for our customers. But specs as you said are always have been a big part of our business. We’re very comfortable building speculative homes, and we think it opens up a new buyer to us that we wouldn’t have before just building homes for the customers.
David Auld: The SG&A savings are being driven by revenue increases and efficiencies gained in the operation. This is not a cut employee program. In fact, some of our highest paid people are in some of our lowest SG&A divisions. And it’s because of the revenue driven and the efficiencies they operate with. So it really comes down to driving sales or flag per month. If you look at our 8,000 additional closings this year on a relatively flat community count that 290,000 per ASP, per average sales price and that’s driving a tremendous amount of revenue out of the same store sales. So this is not a – this model is protecting employees, not put them in risk.
David Auld: You know on multi-family something that we look where the demand is in each market and we build some multi-family and it’s not a big percentage of our business at all and so we really look at that market by market, I don’t see that being a major driver of our business going forward. But in certain market it’s only a bigger percentage of business.
David Auld: No, not, not really pushing money towards a brand, we’re allocating money based up on the returns coming out of the markets and then coming out of the underwriting individual projects. As we continue to open the express brand end markets then it’s growing of a slower platform. So its going to show percentage higher growth. Our goal is grow every brand, every market, every year.
David Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We just want everybody to know, we appreciate your time on the call today. I want to tell our employees that they are in fact the best in the industry, I appreciate what you do everyday. Thank you.
Mike Murray: Steve, this is Mike. Most of what we’re seeing with the Express price changes is mix shift as we’ve introduce it to more markets that have the higher bar for the industry level buyer. We’re seeing the result of those come through in the closing.
Mike Murray: Most of it – where you’re seeing the impact in this quarter’s ASP has been closing from – the state of Florida. Great success in Florida introducing Express over the past year and we’re starting to see a greater proportion of the Express closings coming from Florida with the higher sales prices.
Mike Murray: Certainly we continue to watch Houston on a year-over-year basis, Houston sales were basically flat, saw higher average prices this year than last year in Houston, but clearly the Dallas market continues to be extremely strong, San Antonio seems to be picking up for us a bit, and Houston continues to be solid for us as well.
Mike Murray: Yes, Nishu. We’re pleased to be in a positive cash flow position. We’ve been focused on achieving this. And we’re feel like we’re in a position now to continue to generate sustainable positive cash flow. And we’re going to take a balanced approach to it. We will always look first to our business to invest in the business and be opportunistic there to the extent that we can generate returns there and that will include acquisitions as we continue to steadily be in that market. With over $500 million of debt maturities it coming to next year that is a higher priority for us in fiscal 2016. But then certainly as we get into 2016 and we look beyond that other opportunities will be out there and available for us certainly we’ve continue to be a consistent dividend payer, there is potential with that good increase as our earnings in cash flow continue. And then share repurchases would be one of those items that we would look at in the balance as we are opportunistic and if we see that is a good return and that’s an appropriate use for our cash, it will certainly be considered long side the other things.
Mike Murray: I think there always been flexibility, as we stand right now with no Express intent of repurchasing shares in 2016, we would expect our share count to rise by about 1%.
Mike Murray: Rob, what we’re seeing we showed in the third quarter its an improved SG&A leverage. Margins were essentially flat throughout this year firmed up nice and stable and we’re seeing some improvement with our absorptions driving up in our communities. We’re seeing improvements in our SG&A leverage falling right to the operating margin improvements we’re seeing. And we fully expect to continue that in the fiscal 2016.
Mike Murray: And when we look at SG&A leverage to the extend that we drive a good part of our volume growth from increased absorptions. In existing communities that drives even more SG&A leverage than driving growth from community count increases. So our focus there on improving absorptions is definitely a big driver for our SG&A leverage and as we look at it – going forward we believe we got more opportunities to improve it.
Mike Murray: No real change in our strategy there. We’re tying to operate as efficiently as we can and so our expect percentage is a little lower than perhaps you’ve seen in the times in the past, but really there is no change in strategy at all.
Mike Murray: I would say yes, we’re still seeing good opportunities overall. I mean even replacing we’ve – just replacing what we use we’re going to spend $2 billion plus this year. We’re discipline, we’re basically underwriting it to two-year cash back program generating a certain level return 20 % and if we can get it in that box and its buy for us. I can tell you we’re seeing deals we’re getting it done.
Mike Murray: With regard to your first question on the optioning of land and lots, we are working continually to increase our controlled lot position and trying to get back more to the 50/50 balance. That is exactly where we have been in the past and that's where we’re striving to get to today. That helps us greatly with the return on our invested inventory. With regard to the ROE, as Bill mentioned before our initial use of the cash that we’re looking for in 2016 are handling - the $540 million of debt maturities that we have next year. As well as continual opportunistic investments in the business, whether that’s land and lots deal by deal or whether that’s continued acquisitions as we look to consolidate mortgage and open up the new products and new customers to us. With that great opportunities – in front of us with the cash flow and we’re always monitoring – the leverage ratio and looking at what we feel is appropriate for where we are in the given cycle and the opportunity that are there.
Mike Murray: It was a relatively small acquisition to the size of overall closings I would not expected a big purchase accounting drag from Pacific Ridge at all. It contributed, we have 40 closings, 41 closings in the quarter for Pacific Ridge, largely that will come out of the opening backlog and then 25 net new sales within the quarter from Pacific Ridge.
Nishu Sood: Got it. So would be fair to say then it sounds like the momentum that we’ve seen so far this year as persisted into the summer.
Nishu Sood: Got it, great. Okay. And I wanted to also ask about the cash flow very impressive cash flow performance this quarter. I think you guided to $300 million to $500 million if I got the number correctly for next year and fourth quarter, your next quarter is typically pretty big cash flow quarter as well. Your guidance implied that share count will ride so no share buybacks in your debt paydown. My question was with cash flow so strong, your with your net debt to cap fairly low against the kind of typical to start building norm of 40% to 45%. Have you given any thought to allocating some to share a purchases because we’re based on what you implying you can have a strong book value growth, you get a paydown quite a bit of debt I mean you are going to continue to delever and you are going to be pretty far below that historic norm. So what your thoughts on share buyback saying a little more balanced about reallocating that cash.
Nishu Sood: Got it. So the 1% increase in share count that you are talking about, that’s a general range, but there could be some flexibility around that.
