Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you, and good morning. Joining me this morning are Bill Wheat, Executive Vice President and CFO; Stacey Dwyer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer; and Mike Murray, now Senior Vice President and Controller. Before we get started, Stacey.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Our fiscal 2012 results reflect our consistent and dramatic efforts to reposition and strengthen our company through the recent downturn. Specifically, we just completed our most profitable quarter in the last 22 quarters and our most profitable fiscal year in 6 years. Our fiscal 2012 reflects increased sales, increased gross margins, increased closings, increased backlogs, increased ASPs, improved SG&A percentage. We are well positioned with our broad national footprint, which we kept largely intact throughout the downturn, our current inventory to capture demand, our land and lot position, our cash and marketable securities. We are focused on prudently and profitably increasing our industry-leading market share in 2013 and thereafter. Finally, D.R. and I would like to personally thank our DHI teammates for their hard work and extraordinary industry accomplishments. We're excited by the opportunities we see in fiscal 2013 and beyond. Please keep up the good work. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now we will host any questions you have.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And to help Stacey manage expectations, please recall that our 13,000 units also include 1,000 models. So we actually have 12,000 units that are for sale and closable.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And please don't recall -- or please recall that our spec inventory has a tendency to increase specifically in December, January and February as we prepare for the selling season. So it's not unusual for our spec percentage to increase somewhere up in the mid-50% to 60% level.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, I would say to you that we are seeing pricing power as we move from market to market to market. Also, with the extraordinarily low 4.5-months' supply of new homes available for purchase today, we believe that purchasing power will continue to increase. We also had 160 basis points, as we indicated, improvement in our gross margins, of which 120 basis points was due to fewer incentives.
Donald J. Tomnitz: As we continue to pursue new land and lot deals and approve them, we are still finding those deals meeting our underwriting guidelines, which is 20% greater -- 20% or equal to, greater -- equal to gross margins and our return of cash within the 24 months. So we do not see a lack of low -- or high-margin lot deals out there. We're not replacing our current lot position with less than 20% gross margin deals.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly, our goal is, is to continue to increase our market share and our footprint, and we are not seeing a lack of good deals out there in the marketplace. We're seeing plenty of good deals to continue to replace our lot positions as we roll off from existing land and lot deals.
Donald J. Tomnitz: But there are a number of satellite opportunities and city opportunities available to us, primarily because of our low SG&A structure. And that permits us the opportunity to go into markets which other builders find unattractive.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think there's extraordinary opportunities in the first-time housing market, as we see with our 49% of our business is first-time homebuyer. The key is though, is we see people coming into our model homes, there are a number of move-up buyers, people who are either deciding they're going to retire or their homes are worth a little bit more or if they're willing to accept the price they can get for their existing home and they're willing to pay current prices to get into a new community, which I feel and they feel has higher appreciation potential on a new home than an existing home. So I feel like, generally speaking, we are very well focused on both markets, the first time and the move-up buyer, and we don't want to leave that move-up buyer to any of our competitors.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Please recall, though, as we've focused on that second-time homebuyer, they typically are buying a larger, more expensive home, and they're a little bit more discriminating than the first-time homebuyer. So as a result, it's taking a little bit longer to produce those, but it's still a very profitable segment of the industry that we continue to expand and we'll capitalize on.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And clearly, that gives us a much better opportunity in pricing power because when we are converting 90% of our backlog each and every quarter, a lot of that had to do with closing specs within 30 days, and we were struggling to meet sales goals and closing goals. So as a result, the fact that we have fewer or lower conversion, I think enhances our profitability on a go-forward basis.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, we focus on the cost side of this business very, very closely, and we do that from a national purchasing basis with Brad Conlon, who leads our national purchasing region, as well as on a division by division and region by region. There are costs that are going up. As I've said for the last 20-some-odd years that I've been in this business, our goal is to control our increases and to make certain that we have pricing power as we move forward in market-by-market. As I look at the low inventory of finished homes, with just 4.5-month supply of new homes compared to where that number was, which I think it was double-digits at one point in time, 10-, 11-months' supply, clearly, the buyer who's coming into our subdivision has much more incentive and much more timing in order to make that purchase because there's not the excess inventory sitting out there in the marketplace. So the function of low inventory is going to increase our pricing power as we move forward.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Yes, certainly. With the profitability of the company increasing, our incentive comp is largely based on the profitability at our division, region and our company level.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And please realize, as we continue to grow our finished lot supply, there are adequate finished lot supplies available in most of our markets today. There are few of our markets where that finished lot supply is being depleted, and we are having to begin to develop lots for ourselves again. And as we move into this recovery, we will be developing a bigger and bigger percentage of our lots simply because there won't be a finished lot supply available in the marketplace.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Yes, we have, and it's on a market-by-market basis. Let me clearly say, currently, the vast majority of the deals that we are approving at the corporate office and our regions are submitting to us are for finished lots that someone else owns. And a lot of those are rolling option deals where we're buying the lots as we need them. Some of them, there's such good pricing on them, and we have to be a first mover that we've had to cash out those finished lots. But we're supplementing that with development of land deals where we're buying the land and taking it through the -- actually, we're taking it through the entitlements, buying the land and then developing the lots. But that's a small percentage of our business of finished lots, but it will continue to increase as we move forward.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Steve, this sort of goes back to one of my favorite comments by Todd Horton, "No good deed shall go unpunished." We have one of the leading, if not the leading, SG&A rates in the industry. And you're wondering when it's going to get lower. Well, believe me, we're focused on getting that lower, but we pretty much have a core -- if you look at our SG&A for the year, as I recall, it ran $529 million, which is down from like $1.5 billion at the peak. So as a result, I think where we are today, we have a core group of people, core operators, and the business will continue to grow and increase. And that'll drive down our SG&A percentage.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We don't have that at our fingertips here, Jade. We can do some checking and get back to you on that.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I would say yes. But again, I'd go back to my earlier statement and that is, with our low SG&A, we can do much smaller deals than the typical builder. And we do, do. We'll do deals of 20-lot subdivisions all the way up to 200-lot subdivisions. So it's increasing largely because of the fact that a lot of the deals that we're seeing out of the banks and the developers are larger positions that they're just now bringing to market. And so we are focusing on clearly those larger deals because, as we say, it takes the same amount of time to do a 20-lot deal as it does a 200-lot deal. Again, our focus is largely on how do we get our initial cash investment back within 24 months.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And as the market continues to recover ever so slightly, we will and are beginning to take obviously pieces of land out of our mothballed assets. There are assets though in there that could be in there for the next 3 to 5 years, but we will take them out as the market dictates, but they're economically feasible for us to do so.
Donald J. Tomnitz: There is some shortage out there of labor. Clearly, our subcontractors don't feel as, I guess good about the future of the economy, the macro side of the economy. So they cut back on a number of their crews during the downturn. And they're reluctant in some cases and slow in other cases to build their crews back up to where they were before. So as a result, we are dealing with labor shortages in certain markets. But the wonderful thing about D.R. Horton is we still start more homes than anybody else in the industry. We are attracting the labor pool, and our labor pool is growing to support us because a lot of our labor pool works exclusively for D.R. Horton, and they've been with us for a number of years. So they trust us to go ahead and begin to expand their businesses as our business begins to expand.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly, what we see today, especially with our record backlog -- or I shouldn't say record backlog, our backlog being up 49% in terms of units and 61% in terms of dollars, we feel like we're well positioned for 2013. Unless we have some sort of macro situation with the U.S. economy, we feel comfortable that we'll have a much better 2013 than we did 2012. Again, I get back to the one overriding driving force in our industry, and that is job creation. And I still don't see a lot of jobs being created. And I also see the fact that there are potential layoffs in a number of industries, especially the defense industry, which could adversely affect our business. I also believe that a number of small businesses are not incentivized to grow their business as much. They're having difficulty growing their businesses and the taxes and the fees and so forth that are coming their way with healthcare and other types of things. And I also believe that clearly, there's not a focus on a nationwide basis to help those small businesses grow. I think a lot of it is focused more on large businesses and unions, and I think it's going to be difficult as we move forward to generate the number of jobs in this country that we need for us to have a strong housing market on a 2- to 3-, 5-year basis. I just think 2013, unless something adversely affects that I don't see on the horizon right now, we're going in with eyes wide open and great expectations.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, lending has not -- commercial lending has not increased to the level that it should be, or certainly where it was. You bring up a good point. A lot of those subcontractors are dealing pretty much on a cash-by-cash basis, and not a lot of lending is available to them. One of the things I believe that helps our subcontractors is Horton has a sterling reputation of paying on time, and we help support those subcontractors grow their businesses. They need to be paid on a more frequent basis than what we typically pay our subcontractors, we'll work with those subcontractors until they get enough cash flow and they can could grow their businesses to support our operations. So again, we've got a great reputation with our subcontractors. We appreciate them very much, and we're trying to help them grow to support our business.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I'd say we'd have to have increasing demand and increasing margins for us to take that additional risk of going from 24 to 36 months because as I've said on the conference call, what we're focused on is prudently and profitably growing this company. We've been to the movie before, this was my fourth downturn and I think Horton's fourth downturn also. Clearly, the biggest risk in this business is land ownership for too long a period of time. And I've mentioned to you, I believe on other conference calls, we started at 12, we're at 24 months, and it's going to take increasing profitability and increasing demand for us to go to 36. I personally don't believe seeing us buy anything that has a greater return than 36 months of our initial cash. We can keep it for 36 months or less. I think we reduced the risk profile of this company dramatically to position ourselves for the next downturn because clearly, we're going through a small upturn. And hopefully, that upturn will grow. But we all know one thing for certain, there'll be another downturn on the horizon, and we want to be positioned better for the next downturn than we were for the past downturn.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Absolutely no, sir. We have plenty of deals to do with a 2-year return of initial cash and no adverse effect on our growth at all. All a matter of structuring the deal, managing our land development plans efficiently and making sure that we're always focused on returning our cash.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we're not selling a lot of land right now. We are seeing increasing land prices, but they're muted. We're still, as we said, focused on, Alex, our 20% gross margin underwriting hurdle. I don't see increasing land prices adversely affecting our ability to do deals. There seem like to be plenty of deals out there for cities, our divisions and our regions to meet our growth expectations at this stage at an increasing gross margin level.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I don't believe we have a good feel on who's an investor today. I know that we, in certain divisions have found there are certain hedge funds coming into specific markets. Our regional presidents and division presidents have identified those. And we're not interested in selling to -- our business is selling to people who are going to live in the home. And one of our focuses in our communities is I think there are plenty of rental opportunities available in the country. In our subdivisions where we're building, selling and closing homes, we're looking for home buyers who are going to be homeowners and who are going to live in that community. They take better care of their home, so it's something that we monitor pretty closely, the best that we can.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And most of our Home Buyer Club members, Alex, are people who are just not aware of how the financial system works. And ours is largely an educational process to help them understand how the system works because they're being penalized by the system for not understanding how the system works. And we explain to them how they can manage their credit better such that the system evaluates them properly.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Tim, first of all, let me clarify that what I said about the hedge funds was -- is that we've been aware -- our regional presidents and division presidents have been made aware that certain hedge funds have come into certain of our subdivisions attempting to buy multiple homes. But we and I are incapable of managing any hedge fund. Those guys are a lot more pervasive and probably a lot smarter than we are. But I think to answer your question directly, multiple buyers in the same marketplace come up rather easily if it's the same corporation, if it's the same individual. So as a result, what we're focused on once again, and I don't know how we can do it other than being aware of who the person is, who's the buyer. And if it's multiple -- same name, same family, same LLC, whatever that we are focusing, selling to people who are homeowners and who are going to live in our communities, largely because of the fact that, you're right. At some point in time, we compete with them. We don't want to compete with them. And secondly, we want to make sure the people who are buying our homes are enhancing our community by taking care of their homes and their lawns, and a lot of those people who are investors rely upon, and my brother can speak to this very clearly in New Port Richey, Florida, where there are a number of people who are in his cul-de-sac who were renters of assets owned by investors and that investors didn't maintain the homes when they were not rented. And when they were rented, the renters had a tendency to not take care of their homes either. So it's something that we focus on. We're going to do the best job we can, but we can't eliminate all of them.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I'd say the Southeast in particular is the fact that they have entered into a number of additional deals that the Southwest has not. They've grown their community count at a faster pace than the Southwest. I would also say to you that the Southeast has many more multiple markets than what our Southwest market does in terms of satellites and cities, reporting to divisions and reporting to region. The other thing I would say to you in terms of the West is that -- hard to believe, hard for me to believe, but California is improving. And as D.R., who was just recently out there in the last 2 or 3 weeks, indicated that during the downturn, we were struggling to get one net sale per community per month in California. And currently we're getting a lot closer to one net sale per week per community. And as a result, the overall demand is just increasing in the West. And given the state of the California economy, I have no idea why that is the case. But definitely, our demand in California from our buyers is increasing.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I'm not going to get into really where that is. Like I said earlier, to the extent that I will get into it is, is that if you take a look at the eastern half and the southeastern half of the United States, that's where our community count has grown more dramatically than elsewhere. And I think that...
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we're prudently increasing our specs based upon the time of the year and market-by-market where we're seeing the best demand. Increasing specs for this company is an easy thing, and Bill Wheat is shaking his head over there. But at this stage in the fiscal year, we're running pretty much the right percentage, we believe, of our specs, and we've got an effort under way in the company to start a number of specs over the course of the next 2 months. And we're underway with that, have been underway with that for the last 30 days. And I know when you come -- when we report our Q1 spec percentage, I wouldn't be surprised if that's not up closer to the low 50s to mid-50s percent.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Unless sales increase so dramatically that they continue to deplete our specs as we start them. And that would be a great problem to have.
Donald J. Tomnitz: No, it really isn't. Because when we go start a spec, our goal is 20%. Obviously, we're not at 20% yet, but it's not really a spec. It's not really a margin issue. It's just where we believe we have the right number of specs. And as you may recall, realtors sell a large, large percentage of our homes. So we try to make certain in each community that we have the right number of specs to satisfy our realtor clientele because -- and relocation because the combination of people being relocated, which is not as many as it once was. But clearly, our realtor business is still a big percentage of our business, and they have one attribute in common. They want to be able to collect their commission as quickly as possible. And so as a result, the spec inventory helps them accomplish that.
Donald J. Tomnitz: The other thing, our build-to-order business has continued to increase. And so as a result, what we are focused on primarily, between specs and build-to-order, is to get our build-to-order houses in the ground so that we can get them closed and satisfy those buyers. And to that extent, the spec starts are going to have to take a backseat to our build-to-order business.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you. Again, D.R. and I want to thank all of our DHI teammates for having muddled through some tough times in '07, '08 and '09. We had made money in '10 and made money in '11. But we congratulate you because in fiscal year '12, we made a profit in each quarter of the year and had a nice profit for the fiscal year. So we couldn't have done it without you. As Horton says, it's all about the people, and we sincerely appreciate all the people who have been with us through the downturn. Obviously, we've increased our hiring from -- we got down to a low of 2,700 teammates and we're up to 3,500. So it's -- a lot of good things are happening at D.R. Horton. We welcome the new teammates and we look forward to a very good 2013. And we hope that '14, '15 and '16 continue to improve for us. So thank you very much.
Bill W. Wheat: No, Ken. We wouldn't necessarily say that anything has changed. We're certainly trying to make sure we are in a strong position to support whatever growth the market will allow next year, and we're certainly focused on gaining market share in 2013. So we plan to do that through increasing our community count, and we're also going to make sure that our homes and inventory position is in a strong position to capture the growth.
Bill W. Wheat: And then we'll continue to add homes and adjust our spec inventory and our lot inventory based on the demand we see.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, we'll see. It depends on demand. Right now, it's right in line with our first-time homebuyers. We're at 49% specs, and I believe we had 49% first-time homebuyers this quarter. We certainly have a strong first-time homebuyer business, and we plan on continuing to build on that. As the move-up part of the business and the build-to-order part of the business grows, that could result in a lower spec percentage. But we'll really just adjust with what we see in the market.
Bill W. Wheat: And when we put it all together, we do expect margins to probably improve slightly here in the first quarter, the low 18% range. And we do expect further improvement as we move through fiscal 2013, based on what we can see right now.
Bill W. Wheat: Sure. The flat community count was a year-over-year comparison. On a sequential basis, our community count -- our selling communities were up 3% sequentially. As we look at the year for fiscal 2013, the 5% to 10% range is a general range that we would expect to characterize the full year of fiscal 2013. Our average selling -- our communities are growing right now, and we would expect right now for that to continue to grow. But part of that's going to be based on the demand we see during fiscal 2013. So we feel like the 5% to 10% is a fair range based on what we can see today. Is it possible that if demand continues to improve we continue to invest and open new communities that we could be a 10% or better this time next year? That's certainly possible.
Bill W. Wheat: That's really all of the above. We certainly as we see improved sales demand, we certainly have expectations to grow our business and are planning to increase our investments in our business. So we want to make sure we're in good position with our cash balances to support that growth. Certainly, the capital markets have been very favorable this past year, and certain windows have been extremely favorable. So we felt good about our execution on our debt deals and the rates we've been able to achieve there. So the timing of some of the deals was certainly opportunistic from a capital markets standpoint. As we go forward, we are targeting to still keep a healthy cash balance. We have been keeping a cash balance in excess of $1 billion. However, now that we have implemented a revolving credit facility with $600 million capacity, we probably will bring our cash balances down a bit. So it would not surprise us if our cash balances were below $1 billion in some future quarters, because we have the flexibility of the $600 million of extra liquidity available to us through our revolver. But in terms of our overall leverage targets, we would still expect to keep our gross homebuilding leverage in the 40% to 45% range or lower. And then our net basis would -- net leverage would simply be that less whatever cash balance we choose to keep.
Bill W. Wheat: As we buy land and we develop land, we are still focused on achieving a cash return -- initial return of our cash of 24 months or less.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, it's certainly -- it's on the path to getting back to normal. We had 100 basis points improvement in our SG&A ratio this year, even while backlog conversion rates also declined this year. We would expect further leverage on our SG&A as we grow in the coming year. And whether that's -- we're back to 10%, the timing will depend on how much the top line grows and how much we're able to leverage. But we believe we will continue to make steady progress back to our industry-leading level of 10% SG&A.
Bill W. Wheat: And if you go back a little over a year ago, our cash return hurdle was 12 months. So we were doing very small communities, primarily only finished lots at the time. So as the market has turned, we are certainly willing to do a little bit larger communities as long as we can get our initial cash back.
Bill W. Wheat: We have pulled some mothballed communities into production. The land held for development dollars of $644 million is a decline from where it's been. That now represents about 41,000 lots. And I believe this time a year ago, it was around 44,000 or somewhere in that ballpark. So we pulled a few thousand lots out of mothball.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, that varies widely. Typically, it is land that requires development so we would be having to put in almost the full amount of development typically for each lot that we pull out. But the total cash outlays really will be over an extended period of time, and we'll evaluate them one deal, one parcel, one phase of lot development at a time.
Bill W. Wheat: And Tim, as we look across all of our markets right now, we're really not seeing a lot of that activity right now, but that's certainly something that's on our radar that we're on the watch out for.
Bill W. Wheat: And then Stephen, with respect to the South Central, that primarily is Texas for us. Obviously, Texas is our strongest area. It has also been the most stable area. It didn't go down nearly as much during the downturn. We've seen it be our most consistently profitable area. And to the extent that we're still able to grow that area and grow our market share in Texas, we think that still represents a strength for our company.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, this is -- Jack, this is ordinary course for us. I would expect that we will have more than 12,000 homes in inventory at December and then into the January, February, March period.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, and it's just managing the pace and the flow of our spec inventory. Our actual total inventory actually went up from June to September, which you typically would not see that in our business. So we are starting to prepare. But today is November 12. The selling season will begin at the end of January, so we still have a little time to continue starting homes, and we will continue starting homes so we have a pace and a flow of homes heading into the spring.
Bill W. Wheat: Nothing unusual at all. Financial services, anytime they're achieving greater than a 30% operating margin, that's in a good range for us.
Stacey H. Dwyer: One thing that we're very cognizant of, though, is if you take our 13,000 homes and multiply by 2, you come up with 26,000. From an inventory perspective, we think we're well positioned that we can deliver that. However, it's going to take the demand side of the equation as well. So we're ready for the demand, but we do need to see the demand to be able to meet those deliveries.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes. And Mike, I think another thing you're seeing in our margin in particular is we began refreshing our inventory and tying up finished lot contracts way back in 2009. And so the mix of our closings that have been coming from those newer communities last year was already right around 50%. That continues to improve this year, but our margin should already reflect some of that repositioning effort in a year-over-year comparison.
Stacey H. Dwyer: This is really just a return to more normal operating metrics that we're seeing in gross margin and SG&A and also in our backlog conversion. We've seen an increase in the number of build-to-order homes in our backlog. And those, by definition, will just take a little longer for us to build and then deliver. Our spec percentage has worked down to where it's under 50% now. We were running with a higher spec percentage and, more specifically, a higher completed number of specs. We've worked that down, so we don't have the same immediate closing opportunities that we had before, which is really a more normal business model for us. So we still expect our conversion rate in this first quarter of 2013 to be elevated compared to historical norms. We typically see, in our first quarter, somewhere in the mid-50%. That'd be consistent in the second quarter. And then in the third quarter, we'd be getting into the 60% range. And in the fourth quarter, we might approach a 70% on historical levels. So the 76% we just realized compared to what we would typically run before the downturn is very normal. It's actually still high.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Joel, I'm not sure we have that number right in front of us at this moment. It was one of the larger increases in the quarter.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And it's also based on what our stock price. And so our stock price has had a very strong performance throughout the quarter. I'd be happy to follow up with you with a little bit more specific information on that.
Stacey H. Dwyer: First of all, the capture rate was 59%. And really, we don't have great visibility into the credit metrics for the people who don't go through our mortgage company. Part of our capture rate is driven by not having the mortgage company in every market where we operate. So there's a portion of just our national footprint we don't capture. And beyond that, really, what we usually hear is someone has an existing relationship with another lender or they've shopped our rates in the market. It's less about credit quality and more just about cost and opportunity.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I don't know because we wouldn't know if they didn't use our mortgage company, if they used an FHA loan. Or I shouldn't say we wouldn't know that, but we don't track that. We just don't have that information.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And I don't think we're intentionally moving further out. We may selectively do some communities that are a little further out, but our real focus is on staying in the A and the B locations. If we do choose to do something that's a little further out, it's probably going to be under an option contact where we've got a lot of flexibility and not through land ownership.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Those would not have all gone through a foreclosure process, though. Just to be clear, the last I had asked about that, it was a very low single-digit percentage of our buyers that had actually gone through a foreclosure process and then were back in as buyers.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I think part what you're seeing in our product mix is the first-time homebuyer is a self-reported box checked on a mortgage application. And while we have seen a consistent and actually declining from 2010, 2011 to the current level of 49%, percentage of first-time homebuyers, some of the first-time homebuyers have waited longer to buy houses. And so they're not buying your traditional first-time home. So even though they may still be a true first-time homebuyer when they check the box, the product that they're buying is at a higher price point. So you're seeing the mix shift show up in our average sales price kind of regardless of what's going on with the first-time homebuyer mix.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes. When we file our K, we'll have our lot position by region, and you'll be able to see which of the regions are showing the stronger owned lot increases and also the option lot increases.
Mike Murray: We look at every deal and every market individually, and we will still enter new markets on a satellite basis. And we will still look at given opportunities. The Breland acquisition was a bit unique in that we were able to align ourselves with a very strong developer in those markets and maintain an ongoing relationship, that we would start with a large relationship and would continue to be able to be a significant supplier of lots to us for the coming years. We tied up 3,700 lots in addition to what we bought on day one. That takes a little bit of time to accumulate on kind of a greenfield or a satellite market strategy. So we felt very good about the ability to get into those markets in a big way quickly with that kind of a smaller company acquisition. But it's not to say that every market we enter into would have to be through acquisition. We're also still look at greenfields very seriously every time we evaluate an acquisition.
Mike Murray: And also, a positive note on that is we have much better visibility with our backlog than we've had when we were converting 90-plus percent. So now when we look at our backlog and you're going to convert mid-60s, you still have more of that backlog that gives you visibility beyond just the next quarter.
Mike Murray: $22.7 million. Customers made deposits on 7,240 units in backlog, average of just over $3,000 a unit.
Mike Murray: Breland was a very well-run, profitable builder. It wouldn't take them long to be Hortonized. They were actually -- already ran a very low SG&A rate. So I don't look for a lot of improvement in their SG&A rate, but it does leverage more of our central resources across their revenue base. We didn't have to leverage up anything at corporate for the region level to support those operations.
Mike Murray: And it's not -- all of those assets are not all mothballed. Some of them may be future phases of deals that we're currently active in the front of. We just have -- we don't expect to get to those phases for -- generally over 12 to 18 months, is our classification window there.
