Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Holly, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2023. Before we get started, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's Annual Report on Form 10-K and its most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com. and we plan to file our 10-Q early next week. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. We continue to be pleased with our sales pace in April. You heard us say stabilize a lot on the call, and we really feel like we've seen signs of that and everything has continued into April as we would like to see. In terms of what our Q3 sales look like versus our Q2 sales, typically, it can go either way. A lot of times, it's dead on within a few houses. So we could be slightly up. We could be slightly down. Sales-wise sequentially, it's going to be dependent though on the continued strength of the Spring, what happens with mortgage rates and anything else, obviously, economics that could drive that. But right now, it feels pretty good.
Jessica Hansen: And as with everything, we're not directing anything globally nationwide, community by community, market by market, our local operators are making those decisions to maximize returns at the local level.
Jessica Hansen: Yes. Most of our pickup really was absorption versus community count. Our overall community count was only up 3% sequentially. We saw three of our regions up better than normal seasonality, but call it, still less than 60%. And then we have the Southeast, East and North that were much higher. The North is a lot of new communities, new markets, but the Southeast and the East are just showing the continued strength, particularly in Florida and the Carolinas.
Jessica Hansen: Yes. We were in a transition in the last couple of quarters, it was more closely to sales. But really, our focus is tied closings in our search space. And if you look at that, we were kind of neck and neck this quarter. And so with our guide for next quarter and what we're trying to do market by market, community by community to build back our production capabilities, we would expect our starts to increase. The extent to which will be dependent on a lot of different factors, but we do expect our starts to increase next quarter.
Jessica Hansen: Yes. So our average general buy down is typically a point on the loan value. So I would say there's been a lot of headlines out there talking about 5.5%. It fluctuates probably a little bit, but 5.5% is relatively reasonable in terms of what a consumer is okay with at this point.
Jessica Hansen: And what still hasn't changed is the amount of existing home inventory out there and available. That remains very limited. And so if somebody does want to home at a higher price point or a lower price point, new construction is where they can find it right now.
Jessica Hansen: Much easier to manage to the interest rate environment when now you're talking about 20 to 50 basis point moves in rates versus what we were experiencing in the back half of last year. I mean it's just not as impactful as what we had to manage through last year.
Jessica Hansen: That really bounces around quite a bit, and it doesn't really have a whole lot of seasonality. It's just kind of dependent on our inventory position at the time, which is why we were able to sell and close 50% of our homes this quarter, intra-quarter sold and closed at the same quarter, which is very high. A more normalized range would be somewhere between 30% and 40%. So when we think about Q3, it could still be elevated, but we don't necessarily expect to replicate the 50%.
David Auld: In closing, our results and position reflect our experienced teams industry-leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to effectively operate in changing economic conditions and continue aggregating market share. We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your continued focus and hard work. And a special thank you from Don Horton, our Founder and Executive Chairman, to the countless D.R. Horton employees and trade partners over the past 45 years. We participate in the countless D.R. Horton -- we participated in and contributed to our journey to build, sell and close 1 million homes. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: Stephen, in markets where we have our largest market share controlled the largest market share. We see much more stability in both cost and demand and deliveries and margin. So it's our expectation as we continue to consolidate markets. There's going to be kind of a new norm and stability of margin and cost structure, to be honest with you. It allows -- as we get more efficient and more efficient in delivering houses, we can hit the affordability requirements and still maintain margin. So why we focus on it, it's not just about the number of houses, but controlling the percentage of the market that gives us more access to trades, materials and a stronger relationship with developers and third-party realtors, which all drive our business.
David Auld: Carl, it's less, it's about positioning. We like the way we're positioned out there and then driving stability. So consistency, stability, flag count, I'm not sure that we saw significant improvement. But again, it's a part of the overall contributor, so.
David Auld: And you also have the trend of migration from high cost state to lower cost states, what seems like a high price point in Florida where our Florida operators is a relatively low price for somebody coming from New York or California.
David Auld: And I will say it's very difficult to put a lot on the ground had to get a house build, very little inventory out there and a lot of money chasing investment properties. So we think we have high hopes for this product segment.
David Auld: And just certainty of payment gives the confidence to the buyer and at a 5.5% rate, we have more qualified buyers than we do at a 6.5% rate. So it opens up ownership to more people if you're able to present that.
David Auld: Well, we do believe that the capital constraints for the privates and smaller builders is going to be impactful in -- we see opportunities. We evaluate the opportunities and based upon positioning people in market that they have, we'll pursue them or not. But here regardless, it's going to help us aggregate markets, whether it's via acquisition or picking up a lots or just providing more inventory availability than can be done by a private or a small region. So It's an opportunity for us.
David Auld: I think there is just a built-in capacity issue in the industry. And even when you think you've got everything solved, then something else happens. I mean the transformers that bring some innovations for life could be a huge issue and getting lots delivered within the next 12 to 15 months. And so you're constantly looking at how are you positioned, where can we pick up incremental capacity, both in trade and in lines, and from a division level push, that is really kind of what we've been focused on, simplifying our operations, consolidating markets, consolidating trade capacity. And how do we improve our logistics of getting materials to communities. But it's just within the entire industry, if we had 100% of the trade material capacity, it would still be constructed. It's very difficult for lots on the ground, very difficult to get house built. And I do think that's why we're gaining market share because we are 100% focused on controlling capacity throughout the supply chain.
David Auld: Well, let's just continue to work. I mean it's day-in, day-out, developing great -- our development partners and then building a trust relationship with them where they know when we bring up a deal or they bring us a deal that there's going to be the highest level of execution from a housing standpoint of anybody in the industry. And it is hard work. It's to build relationships over time and maintain trust through any kind of market. So -- but we're just going to continue to work on it. Try to get a little better next year. That's -- there's no magic wand to make all that happen. It's hard work. It's trust, it's transparency. It's building relationships.
David Auld: It's going to be market to market, I can tell you. Kind of what Mike said earlier, where we have an opportunity to pick up finished lots on some kind of role or take. We're going to pursue that aggressively. It's consolidating, it's like controlling the lumber yard. If you control the lots, you control the capacity, the ability to meet capacity. So I would anticipate the committed count continue to decline. When it was declining because every time we open community, it sold out immediately, which is a good thing. But the market is normalizing. There's much more stability from the -- are much better ability to kind of look at the market, understand the absorption, set a start pace and kind of drive an efficient production operation. So I guess, loans -- that's a long way to say, yes, I do think you're going to see our community count continue to move on.
David Auld: Thank you, Holly. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our third quarter results in July. And finally, congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton team in producing a solid second quarter. Continue to compete and continue to win every day.
Mike Murray: I think you can look across the board and see that most builders have a pretty good lot portfolio out in front of them. I know we're over roughly 550,000 lots controlled that were owned. So we feel really good about the positioning we have for handling increased demand as well as if we needed -- if demand moderates, we've got flexibility in that portfolio. We will look to continue to add on to our portfolio where it makes sense on a deal-by-deal market-by-market basis. Haven't seen evidence of a big land grab yet.
Mike Murray: Yes. Carl, that was primarily supply chain improvements, finally getting houses through various stages of construction, being better organized and prepared with the labor. And we saw improvement sequentially throughout the quarter, and we're continuing to see improvement in early construction stage movements of homes more recently started. So yes, we expect to see better cycle times as we progress through the year.
Mike Murray: I think we're seeing a lot of stability. A lot of the increases that we were taking over the past year have stopped. But we're seeing the effects of those increases coming through more recent starts would be at the more stable cost benefiting from the lumber commodity price declines. But we're getting to the point we're starting to anniversary well into some normalized lumber market pricing. So I'm not expecting to see huge changes in our cost inputs, but they certainly have been -- increases have been a little bit sticky.
Mike Murray: I think it's pretty much like-for-like. We saw a stabilizing market through the quarter. And in fact, about half of the homes we delivered this quarter were sold in the quarter. And so we feel pretty good about market conditions right now. We've seen good stabilization in pricing and incentive levels and when we see that, we're hitting absorptions in the communities at a community-by-community level, we're looking to adjust incentive levels and pricing.
Mike Murray: We definitely saw a strong start to the spring selling season in the March quarter. And as I mentioned before, half the homes we closed were sold in the quarter. So they benefited from some of the stabilizing and improving price environment. We carried a fair number of completed specs in the quarter.
Mike Murray: I think we are seeing some buyers willing to buy earlier in the production process. There's been a little bit of stability in market rates, and they feel good about that. But the better thing for us is we're seeing our cycle times improve. So we're still able to give them sort of a shorter period of time in backlog than they would have had six months or certainly a year ago. And so there's a confidence level that we're able to sell from that helps that buyer quite a bit.
Mike Murray: I think we've seen certainly through the fall with the disruption in the capital markets, increases in cap rates for disposition of those properties. But largely what we saw this quarter was a change in mix of geographies of where those homes were being delivered and related rental rates and NOIs on those projects. So still feel good about the overall platform for sure. Very excited about the opportunities that are in front of us with that and excited that the capital markets have been stabilizing a little bit, which is going to help execution for sure, on the disposition of those properties.
Mike Murray: What are we -- other than saying higher than they were a year ago. On a go-forward basis, it does seem to have stabilized. I don't think it has been changing between the multifamily and the single-family rental. The relative gap that's there has not changed. Generally, the multifamily projects underwrite at a slightly lower cap rate. Like-for-like, it's a more established market. It's a more known market, but still very pleased with the performance we're getting from that segment and the disposition opportunities ahead of us over the next several quarters.
Mike Murray: We have so many deals under contract and evaluation at any point in time. It would be really hard for us to have any sense of what fell out or was falling out and leading our global operations teams to think this deal doesn't work anymore, and now it might. I can tell you, as David said, anytime we have an opportunity to get finished lots that are increasingly difficult to get produced these days, we are aggressively looking for ways to work with our development partners, landowners to make the deals work and to find ways to bring those lots to market. So it's a constant evaluation process and the transparency and the relationships we've built over 45 years of doing this really help us achieve that.
Paul Romanowski: Stephen, as we see stability in the market, it certainly allows us to pull back on incentives and where we have the opportunity, and we have some pricing power. We're taking advantage of that. We aren't seeing a significant change in what we offer in the market. We have some smaller homes that we've been able to put out and where it makes sense, we're taking advantage of that. So we do see an opportunity to continue to peel back on incentives and take advantage of pricing power on a go-forward basis.
Paul Romanowski: We haven't really seen any significant shift in how they're operating in the market. A lot of builders certainly have come out of the end of this calendar year and had inventory that they may have gone through cancellations. They've been working through that product. Not seeing significant starts on a go-forward basis for most of the smaller privates or regional, and we certainly have picked up a few land positions, a lot of positions here and there, but no significant shift in how they're addressing the market.
Paul Romanowski: We have seen good pace on our ability to rent up both our apartments and single-family for rent. We have seen stability in rent rates. They've been increasing quite a bit over the prior 12 months, and we've seen stability there. On the purchase side, we still see activity in the market. We have certainly some units that we pushed out and sold consistent this quarter really would last in terms of number of units. And although we have seen the number of buyers back off some and a little bit of tightening in credit in terms of their ability to get to these financed, but we still see pretty solid demand for the communities that we have out to market.
Paul Romanowski: It's been pretty consistent certainly throughout the quarter, and rates have stayed relatively consistent. And we will fluctuate our rate to the market based on what we see in the overall market rates. So for the last quarter, it's hovered right around that 5.5% and seems to be accepted by our homebuyers.
Paul Romanowski: No, Alan. We really haven't seen market to market a significant difference in terms of levels of demand as we go up and down the price curve, even where we are at the higher end of the price market in any given market, we're still at the value price point for that price. So we're still seeing that demand. And for us, if they've come off of a $700,000 price, that means they may be looking for 6 or 5. And so we are catching those people, I think, as they move down the curve.
Paul Romanowski: And also expect, on a go-forward basis, to see a little more variability in our rental platform just because we're selling whole communities at a time, and they could be townhomes or smaller homes or geographic location can cause that to move around a little more than our for-sale business.
Paul Romanowski: I think you could certainly see, as rates shift in traffic, you're going to see that change either up or down. But the sales cycle time isn't immediate. And so our agents and our realtor partners do a good job of maintaining those buyer relationships and our ability to offer some stability in and that rate helps us really at the close.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Mike, I think the key word we keep using here is stabilization. We've started to see pricing and incentive levels stabilized during the quarter. Naturally, as that stabilization remains in place a bit longer, you are able to tighten things up a bit. And as we've been able to move through the Spring selling season. Community by community, we see strength, we see good turns. We're able to tighten those things up. So that's certainly overall an expectation, but it's community by community. So there are still places where we are seeing pricing still slightly decline, some places where we're seeing it stabilize, some places we're able to start pushing it up a little bit. So on a net basis, as we look forward, we expect our margins to stabilize around current levels. So that's why our guidance range anticipates perhaps slightly below this quarter, perhaps a little above this quarter. And it's too early to know for sure how that will play out over the remainder of the coming quarter.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Mike, I think that's just all part of the mix here, slightly reductions in the size of our homes trying to address the affordability equation. That's an ongoing effort for us. And that's why we leave a little room around current levels there because we were always going to try to be as affordable as we can. But at the same time, if we have a good market and we're able to take advantage of some pricing power, we will do that also community by community. So stabilization is the word for the day and obviously, we don't guide sales prices very far out. And it's largely going to be dependent ultimately on market conditions over the remainder of the year and what happens in the rate environment.
Bill Wheat: Yes, obviously, with all the headlines that we've had this quarter, we have been watching that market very closely, having a lot of conversation with our banking relationships, but I would echo what you heard. At the moment, it's still business as usual. But obviously, that's something we'll continue to monitor. We just renewed our mortgage warehouse facility this quarter, and we kept basically the same bank group in place. And so that -- that market is still functioning and working as normal. But obviously, if we see further distress in that market, that's something we'll need to be prepared to adjust to.
Bill Wheat: Yes, absolutely. We all see the same headlines there. And depending on what happens in the rate environment and across the spectrum of banks, so there could be further headlines, obviously. But today, no, we have not seen a significant impact.
Bill Wheat: I think the range we provided for the year is a realistic range given current conditions and our homes that we currently have an inventory and in production, as we've already stated, we do expect to incrementally increase our starts in the coming quarters. We saw a nice step-up in our starts this quarter and would expect that to incrementally improve from here. But in terms of significant upside to the delivery this year, I think we would say that our current range is a realistic one under all circumstances.
Bill Wheat: Yes, current conditions. We guide based on current conditions. If things change, that obviously could affect our outlook.
Bill Wheat: We're really just continuing to look at replenishing the supply market by market. We've got a good lot position, a good flexible lot position. So we'll continue to incrementally to just replenish it. I don't necessarily expect significant moves 1 way or the other. But as our volume of sales and closings increase, then we'll be -- to be replenishing a little bit more to match that.
Bill Wheat: I think the main difference was our pricing stabilized at a slightly higher level than we were projecting. We were not seeing signs of stabilization at the end of the Q1. But once we've gotten into the spring, we've been able to see that really start to stabilize. So I think that -- I think we're seeing that stabilization a little sooner or a little earlier than we would have projected a quarter ago.
Bill Wheat: Roughly 60%, 65% of our buyers are utilizing that buy down through our mortgage company. And so they're getting that benefit of that point buy down.
Bill Wheat: Until the volume and the number of projects closing in the quarter gets up to larger level in a steady state, you're going to see a little bit more lumpiness in the quarter-to-quarter stats there.
Bill Wheat: Versus the guidance we gave, it was the latter. We did not have to lower as much as we had been projecting necessarily. But in terms of how we're actually managing community by community that's a mix bag as we got into the spring, and we did, as Mike said, we sold about half our homes that we closed this quarter in the quarter. So as we started hitting our pace, seeing solid demand into the spring, definitely in certain communities, we are starting to push pricing up, carefully, but are pushing it up.
Bill Wheat: Yes. It's always -- obviously, we're looking at both the dollars invested as well as the impact on the share count, and you will never hear me complain about a higher stock price for sure and with respect to our repurchase activity. So -- but end of the day, it's dollars that we're investing. And so we look at our cash flow, we look at our earnings, we look at our liquidity levels, we look at our projections going forward to the extent that our projections are improving and our cash flow prospects are improving versus what we had previously thought then that increases the chance of increasing share repurchase levels. But as of right now, and as we're looking at the rest of the year and our positioning there and our needs for our capital to invest in the business, guiding to around the same level of dollar investment as last year is still where we expect to be, but that's something we'll be constantly reevaluating.
