Donald J. Tomnitz: Simply put, our business feels more positive. We're entering fiscal year '12 feeling better than we have in 6 years, and it's been a long 6 years. We've started the year with $28 million of net income and double-digit percentage increases in our sales, closings and backlog in the first quarter. January sales are also up year-over-year in line with our expectations. Both our gross margin and SG&A percentages improved versus last year, and our balance sheet and liquidity remain strong. While the housing industry and the overall economy have not gained significant traction, we are increasing our market share by finding attractive opportunities across our markets that are producing improved results for D.R. Horton. We remain focused on achieving profitability in each quarter and for fiscal year '12. As always, we want to thank all of our DHI team members. We've been the largest builder in America for the past 10 years, and you have just delivered a tremendous first quarter. We are very proud of the results you have produced, and we look forward to a great fiscal year '12. We’ve worked hard to position our company for profitability. Now let's go lead the industry into the next up cycle and sell more homes, leverage our fixed cost and continue to outperform the competition. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now we'll host any questions you may have.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I do believe we have adequate lots for the next 2 years, as I mentioned in my comments. I do believe, as we work through this calendar year and somewhat into calendar year '13, that the finished lot supply in good markets is going to be depleted. And we're focusing on tying up as many good deals as we can currently to, in anticipation of that. Clearly, at some point in time, we'll have to get back into the land development business, as we have been in the past. I want to remind you that our go-forward plan is to have a lean -- really, a light and lean land supply. Our current underwriting guidelines require that with any land that we invest in and any land that we develop, that we get our capital returned in 18 months, sometimes, at the worst-case basis, if it's a great deal, 24 months. But currently, our plan is and has been for the last several years, as we move forward, anything greater than a 2-year supply, we're going to be partnering with other land developers and make sure that they hold those lots that will require greater than 2 years, as opposed to us holding them on our balance sheet. So I feel good about where we are. We still are, clearly, the preferred buyer of banks and developers because we're the largest builder. We're also starting the most specs of anybody in the market. And we're selling the most homes of anyone in the market. So I feel like, as we continue to work on a depleted land and lot supply, we continue to be the preferred buyer.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, frankly, we're cautious. I think, clearly, we have clearly repositioned this company, have it in a great position today to capitalize on the market that is going to materialize, given the current economic situations. I think the cloud that hangs over us and the reason that we use the adjective "cautious" is because there are a lot of issues both internationally as well as nationally that we have no control over. So as a result, we're just focusing on probably the next 12 months ahead when we say "cautious" because there is an election coming, there are a lot of issues on the table and we don't know how those are going to impact the homebuilding business, Dan.
Donald J. Tomnitz: The demand clearly is still in the A markets, and that's where refocusing. And clearly, to the extent that we bring a portion of those or all of the 27,000 lots into development, those are going to be in good locations where basically, heretofore, we've been able to find option lots that would have precluded us from having to develop the lots.
Donald J. Tomnitz: What I can tell you is, as you know, Don Horton and I spend quite a bit of time in the field, 2 to 3 weeks a month. And both his travels and my travels, which have been to separate markets, as we visit with each and every one of our sales people as we travel through the markets, indicates that our sales people are optimistic because their traffic's up and there are more buyers in their models each and every week that we have progressed since December. So obviously, December is a very slow period of the year for us, with the holiday season and so forth. But certainly, into January, we felt very, very good about our traffic and our sales.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think that the 3% down is just, it's an accounting issue. It's a point in time. And we expect our community count and count in the rest of the calendar year '12 to increase, and that's going to be contingent, obviously, on our ability to find good and profitable land and lot deals. I'm going to refrain from commenting on markets because of 2 things: One, I think Bobby [ph] does a great job of grading the markets; and secondly, I think that our good markets need to be kept to ourselves as we continue to exploit the markets ourselves, as opposed to letting our competitors know about our good markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think the real key factor is that the availability of foreclosed homes still remains low. And, but most importantly, the process through which the buyer has to go through in order to have a small-percentage chance of securing, actually, closing, on a foreclosed home is very laborious. Furthermore, the state of most of these foreclosed homes are in a difficult position. They require quite a bit of work. And even though the buyer has to come up with a down payment and with our homes, they typically would have to come with what we call a lot of cash out of pocket to make the foreclosed home more livable. So if you take a look at that process and those factors associated with foreclosed homes and then take a look at the fact that they can buy a new home in a new community that has better school systems, in many instances, and better neighbors than what they're living around, then in many instances, we have the best buy for that buyer out there in a timely process. Also, you have to remember, a number of these buyers are all of the sudden becoming qualified or they're getting the down payment, and they don't want to have to wait 3 to 4 or 5 months to see if they're going to get a foreclosed home and be able to close on it and then take the cash out of their pocket to own it. The new homebuying process today is a very seamless process and a very timely process. With the number of specs that we have available out there on the ground for realtors and our buyers, we offer the preeminent buy relative to the foreclosed homes.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I would say to you that, clearly, there've been a number of small- and medium-sized builders who have left the market. They do not have the financing. If you look at the public builders, we have continued to acquire more and more market share in each one of our markets. As we continue to control the land and lot supply, which is necessary as we go forward, and of course, with our strong balance sheet, that affords us the opportunity to control the land, control the lots and to be able to, most importantly, develop the lots when the demand increases. I believe that D.R. Horton, as a company, has an opportunity to continue to acquire market share and increase our market share in each and every market. My personal goal, and again I'll say my personal goal, as we go through all of this, is I believe that, 5 years out, that we're coming very close to our 50,000 units that we closed in 2006. So that tells you what I think the possibility is for us in this industry.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And perhaps, the last thing I'd like to say is that, clearly, if you look at all of our competitors in the industry, we have the strongest balance sheet in the industry. So clearly, we have the balance sheet to get to that 50,000 units and continue to meet the demand as it moves forward and continue to take market share.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I'm going to be very general because, again, I don't want to talk specifically about our markets any longer. But I would say to you, as Don Horton says, the Sun Belt continues to be where a lot of people want to live and are focusing on living in the future. So those markets are good for us. And as a comparison, I would say that the North continues to be weak for us compared to the Sun Belt markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, first of all, I qualified that as a personal goal. I thought that was a major accomplishment for us in 2006 to close 50,000 units, more than any builder in the U.S. had ever closed before. And certainly, we led industry with that number. I don't know if it's going to take us 5 years, I don't know whether it's going to take us 7 years. I just know that our balance sheet is positioned for us to be able to come back to that number more quickly than many anticipate and certainly quicker -- more quickly than other competitors in the industry.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, again, I would say to you, and I'm not going to, again, not going to speak specifically about specific markets, Steve. But again, if you look at our Sun Belt markets and certainly our coastal markets, I think that's clearly where we’re seeing some of our best gross margins today. And I think there's a reason for that, and I think a number of our coastal markets have had horrific declines in lot prices over the course of the past 5 or 6 years. And in many instances, we're offering houses, finished houses for what the lots were costing 5 or 6 years ago, so there's an incredible buying opportunity for people who have that -- who can qualify and who want to own a second home in those markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And I just came out of one of our markets where our gross margins were running 25% to 30%. And you wouldn't believe me if I told you that, and I certainly wouldn’t tell anybody where I was. So as a result, we do have some markets that are over-performing.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Okay. Well, first of all, let me say, clearly, it goes without saying, but I want to say it, clearly, and that is we're interested in growth, but we're always at this company interested in profitable growth. So notwithstanding the fact of my personal goal, we're never going to achieve my personal goal if the profitability is not there first. Secondly, we have, as a company, and especially in the 2003, '04, '05 and '06 time period, had a myriad of products out there on the marketplace, anywhere from single-family detached to single-family condos, detached condos, to townhouses, to triplexes, to podium-type buildings. And so we're capable, as we've proven, to build any type of product. Where we see the demand today clearly is in single-family detached with a small smattering of townhouse and, to a lesser extent, detached condos, single-family detached condos. So as a result, what we're focused on today is single-family detached. When that market becomes saturated, then we clearly have the experience and are prepared to move into the other different types of housing products, which we've proven that we can do in the past.
Donald J. Tomnitz: What you should look for is for us to continue to lead the foray into increasing our sales, increasing our closings based upon acquiring additional land and lot positions, as we continue to do today. Our only caveat is, is that we're not going to risk our already sterling strong balance sheet by getting into land positions that are in excess of 2 years. And we believe that we can continue to produce the kind of volume and the profitability by laying off anything that's greater than 2 years to an investor or to a partner to hold that land that's in greater than 2 years. No one in the home building industry that I know of, including ourselves, were intelligent enough to figure out when to start laying off land quickly enough. So all of us ended up trashing our balance sheets within -- and had future impairments based upon our inability to determine how much land we should hold at a specific time. So I guess, after all these years with Horton, 28 years, and D.R. being in the business longer than that, we've got our balance sheet back to the strongest in the industry. We're not going to risk that in anticipation of a market that may have a future dip. And who knows what the market may bring? Currently, we sort of think that this is the bottom of the market. We're not certain. If you’ll recall, back 3 and 4 years ago, there were a number of people who were a lot smarter than we, or at least they thought, who were out picking out finished lots deals and land positions, and basically, the market continued to work downward from that position. So once again, our position is we're going to grow profitably and we're going to grow faster than virtually any other builder, but we're going to do it in a sane way to preserve our balance sheet.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think a lot of it has to do with DR and I being in these markets and assessing the situations ourselves. Clearly, I will say to you, as I said earlier, where we're getting better traction than -- is in the Sun Belt areas and the coastal markets than we are in the northern markets. And I think that will continue to be true.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think that we could see a slight improvement in the overall market for the entire industry in 2012. We would be disappointed if we didn't get our lion's share of that increase, so as a result, it's just slow methodical improvement. We don't expect the new home industry to go back to 750,000 units overnight. I believe that, for the new home industry, clearly, as I've said before, that we are seeing some drivers coming our way from people tired of dealing with foreclosures and short sales, and also the affordability that's present in the new home industry today. So as a result, all those factors combined, I think there's going to be a slight upward trend in 2012 and, hopefully, a slightly better upward trend in 2013 as the economy, U.S. economy begins to recover and we start generating some new jobs in this country. The one driver that we're missing in our industry and the reason we're scrapping around in the marketplace trying to get additional market share is because there are no new jobs being created of any significance. And until we get our act together, the new job creation -- the new home building industry will continue to scrape along the bottom with little ups and little downs, but no significant improvement.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, we're cautiously optimistic, and I think that's a good analogy: We've got one foot on the brake and one foot on the accelerator because, again, we don't see any substantial, significant, immediate improvement in the industry. It's going to be slow and methodical as we work our way back up, so we are very, very, very protective of our $1 billion in cash. And we are also very, very conservative, so we look forward in terms of land positions. And as I said earlier, we're not interested in buying anything where we have to get our capital back in greater than 2 years right now, and frankly, most of it's 18 months. So we're prepared and positioned and experienced to do whatever is necessary to capitalize on an expanding market, if and when we see a substantial increase in the market.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think we have seen those people. And we have people in our own company who have gone through the short sale and the foreclosure process who thought they were going to get a great deal, and many of them have come back and bought a D.R. Horton home, thank you. But at the same time, I think that, that's still a very laborious process, as I've said.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I don't see any -- well, as Stacey said earlier, the mortgage qualification process is still a strenuous process. And it's -- the mortgage companies, in general, have higher underwriting guidelines than they had 3, 4, 5 years ago. So we don't see any relief in that respect at all.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We still have a few of those coming back to us. We have had very few relative to the number of mortgages that we underwrote over the years. We continue to be well accrued for any potential put-backs. And frankly, we evaluate each and every put-back, and to the extent that we disagree with it, we're fighting very hard with those mortgage companies who are trying to put those back to us for reasons that are difficult to understand.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly, we have continued the culling process of our lower-margin subdivisions. We try to retrade them initially, rework the sales price on the lot. If the seller is not willing to do that, then we exit that subdivision. Where most of that happened, quite frankly, is in the Carolinas, and we've made a lot of progress in terms of culling our lower-margin subdivisions in the Carolinas. It's a continuing process, and even though we believe we are entering into profitable contracts, at times, we don't, and we go back and rework those contracts or cull those. But that'll be a continuing process of the company.
Donald J. Tomnitz: But as far as our specs are concerned, we continue to offer the right number of specs in the right number communities. Every once in a while, we'll get an aged spec, and there is an incentive to move that spec. But it's a strong position for us to be in because realtors across the country sell -- still sell a large percentage of our homes, for which we are very grateful because they bring a qualified buyer to us, and it's a seamless process once that realtor brings that buyer into our sales office.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think, one -- the answer to your question, our spec strategy has not been dictated or changed much by the rent increases that we've -- that other buyers -- or renters are experiencing. I will say one thing: They may be disappointed with the increases in the rental rates, but one of the big factors that's preventing them from becoming a non-renter is the fact that either their credit history needs to be improved or the fact that they don't have the down payment. So as a result, as Stacey mentioned earlier, our Home Buyers Club are taking those people and converting them into homebuyers as we educate them on the financial system, which most of those people are good credit risk. It's just that they have not understood the financial reporting system and gotten themselves into some difficulty in terms of their credit history. And our Home Buyers Club is doing a fantastic job of converting those people into homebuyers. And most of those that we get through the process and graduate are D.R. Horton buyers.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think, generally, we have less, as we mentioned, land. It's all in a continuum of probably from 1 to 10 years, but most of it's somewhere in the 3- to 5-year range, my perception is. And as the depleted -- as the lot supply, the finished lot supply becomes depleted, and that's going to be one driver. The second driver is just, clearly, the land component of a finished lot today in many markets is nominal, and so as a result, we're going to have to have some increase in housing prices to justify being able to pay the land seller something for their land or for our land to have the value that we've got on it in our books today in order to bring it into development. So I think it's a function of 2 things. But clearly, we're depleting the finished lot supply. And as we finish -- we deplete that finished lot supply, we're going to have to start developing lots. And as a result, there's going to be some increase in the value of housing prices as that depleted lot supply occurs, and land will become developable for us that we've got mothballed.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you. And thank you for joining our Q1 Conference Call. As you can tell, we are very pleased with our Q1 performance. And again, we'd like to thank all of our DHI team members for a great quarter. And as usual, and as I saw on the back of a ship in the harbor recently, to quote, the name of the boat was "Never Enough." And frankly, there's never enough performance and good performance from us, and as you can tell, our investors and our shareholders expect more from us, so please, go out there. We have a big challenge in Q2. And we expect to be able to achieve profitability in Q2, Q3, Q4 and have a very, very good and profitable fiscal year '12. Thank you.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I don't think there's any substantial change in underwriting. We noticed the same thing you did, that Q1 was a little bit stronger. It was in line with Q1 last year but stronger than the balance of fiscal year '11. I don't know that we can attribute to that in -- to anything in particular.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I think another factor that's driving some of the demand, Adam, is we've had very high affordability for a while. But rents were also relatively low. And now we're starting to see more headlines and hear from more of our buyers that they are seeing their rates increase, and that improves the equation when they're looking at their house payment compared to their rent payment.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Sure. We had an opportunity in the spring where we still had an abundance of cash above our $1 billion target goal. We were, at the same time, retiring debt and increasing our land investment, and we were also taking the opportunity to retire some stock at prices we thought were attractive at the time. Going forward, we're closer to the $1 billion target cash that we have, and we're going to be weighing all of those opportunities, going forward. Our capital structure on the debt side is much more in line with what, where we need it to be. Our gross leverage is now down under 40%, but we're starting to see more opportunities to invest in our core business, as well. As demand increases, we'll need some of our capital for cash -- or for homes in inventory. So we're going to be weighing those. So I don't know that we have any firm expectations of what further share repurchases would be, but we're going to take care of the core business first.
Stacey H. Dwyer: The diluted share count is actually an earnings calculation, and we need to earn a certain amount of net income. Right now, I believe the number is around $70 million in a quarter, before the convert would become dilutive because, for the calculation to include the shares, we would add back the interest that's flowing through our income statement related to the convert. So it's really more than the stock price. It's the amount of earnings that we have and whether the share count would be dilutive. And actually, if we earn $70 million even if the stock is below the 13.06 [ph], we would include the shares.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We would expect our percentage to be improved compared to '11. A lot of what the absolute dollar amount does, though, will be dependent on the absolute level of homes closed because a portion of that is going to be a variable cost. So if we have significantly higher homes closed, the dollars will be higher. If we have flat homes closed, then we would expect our dollars to be lower than what we incurred last year.
Stacey H. Dwyer: There's generally, in each of our markets, at least one firm that tracks the relative performance of the homebuilders in that market, so that information is generally available. And we can track by specific market what our market share is based on either sales or building permits, generally are the 2 metrics that are tracked.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes, and Alex, I think you may be asking a different question in terms of people who actually had their home foreclosed on and are now looking to buy another home. Is that right? We'll assume it is. But yes, we do see some of that. There's a certain time frame after a short sale and a little bit longer time frame after a foreclosure where people can come back into the market. And their credit doesn’t reflect the effects of those occurrences. So we have seen some of that picking up, and that's one of the things that we've mentioned a few times. Our mortgage company has the DHI Mortgage Home Buyers Club that helps people work toward home ownership, and we have been working with some people who have been through those situations before.
Stacey H. Dwyer: At a very high level, Jay, without reading the whole thing, we basically said: with a lower backlog and a conversion rate below 90%, fewer closings in Q2 than Q1; strongest sales in Q2 and Q3 lead to strongest closings in Q3 and Q4; gross margins to remain in the mid-16% range; sequential increase in SG&A expense in the second quarter, which will result in a higher SG&A percentage, but in Q3 and Q4, higher absolute SG&A but lower percentages.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, Nishu, I can clarify just a bit. The 27,000 lots, those are lots that we own today that are either partially developed or undeveloped but that our expectations with our current business plans would anticipate that we would begin to develop those lots in the next 12 to 18 months. Obviously, the choice of whether to invest the capital and develop those lots will be dependent on our sales base. But in terms of looking at our land and lot pipeline, those 27,000 lots are available to us to be developed and to be finished for our sales if the sales warrant it.
Bill W. Wheat: No, this is really no change in our outlook in terms of C markets, as you call them. We still have about 43,000 lots that are mothballed that we do not expect to be developing within the next 12 to 18 months. Some of those might come online after that time frame, but some could be much significantly longer.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, Jade, we do review this every quarter. And I can update you on where we are this quarter. If you recall, last quarter, at the end of our fiscal year '11, we commented that one of the significant pieces of negative evidence that weigh into our decision is the fact that we have been in a cumulative loss position on a 3-year trailing basis. And based on the way the standard reads that we have to apply, that is a piece of evidence that is very difficult to overcome to justify reversing the valuation allowance. At September 30, that 3-year loss position was at $445 million. At December 31, that 3-year loss position has dropped to $355 million. Our expectation is that we will emerge from a 3-year loss position by our fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, and at that time, that significant piece of negative evidence gets pulled out of our valuation. And at that point in time, then that could be the earliest possible quarter in which the valuation allowance could be reversed. And at that point, we will have to weigh in on how profitable our year has been, how significant it has been and how sustainable we feel our earnings stream is at that point in time as we look forward into fiscal 2013. And we certainly do expect the valuation allowance to be reversed. Q4 this year would be the earliest, and, but there is the chance that it could be a few more quarters into fiscal '13.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, second part first. When we reverse the valuation allowance, we will be accruing our standard income tax expense. In the past, that has been, for federal and state combined, around a 38% rate. That would be our current estimate after we reverse the allowance. In terms of taxes paid, there will be state taxes that we would to expect to pay in the states where we are profitable. Right now, our estimate on that is around a 3% rate on our pretax income. We will, perhaps to the extent we have taxable income overall, have to pay a slight amount of federal income tax due to the alternative minimum tax requirements in the tax law. They won't let you get away with 0 tax. Right now, our estimate for what we might have to pay in Alt Min Tax is 2%, an effective rate of 2%. So that's what's reflected in our current quarter. We have a 5% effective income tax rate. That reflects 3% for the state, 2% for federal. Now Alt Min, when you pay it in the future, we will get to use that as a credit against future income in later years after we've used up our NOL against future years of income.
Bill W. Wheat: Just to tag on with operating margins, in terms of our historical operating margins, we have always targeted a 20% gross margin, 10% SG&A, so 10% dropping to the pretax line. So we are working towards that. We're not there today, but we believe we'll continue to progress. And as the market improves, we will get back to those historic operating margins, as well.
Bill W. Wheat: And there will be additional information in the 10-Q on a regional basis. We report our 6 operating regions in our segment reporting in our financials and in the MD&A that will have some commentary around the reasons why certain regions are more profitable and what's driving the changes there as well, so there will be some additional color in the 10-Q.
Bill W. Wheat: In terms of the number of mothballed lots, we're 4-flat with a quarter ago. And a year ago, we were at 44,000, so we're down about 1,000 there. And then in terms of the location of our mothballed lots, typically, these are in areas that are a little bit further out from where the development is occurring today. It will take some market improvement and market expansion in general before we would feel the need to bring some amount of that land on. And then the other element that characterizes some of the, our held land is the fact that it would take significant development investment to bring that, those lots to market. And today, the returns aren’t sufficient to justify that additional investment.
Bill W. Wheat: Then in the current quarter, we did have $1.7 million of recourse expense, so still some impact there. And our total accrual or reserve in the mortgage company remains at about $32 million.
Bill W. Wheat: It's the same thing on our spec inventory. It's a continual process month to month, week to week. Our sales teams are focused on moving aged inventory and keeping our spec inventory in line with sales, so it's just an ongoing part of our management.
