Donald J. Tomnitz: In closing, this quarter was D.R. Horton's most profitable first quarter since 2006 with $189.7 million of pretax income. The majority of our operating metrics continued to improve on a year-over-year basis this quarter. The value of our sales, closings and backlog increased by 14%, 33% and 20%, respectively. Our pretax income increased 76%. Our pretax income margin increased 290 basis points to 11.4%. Our gross margin on home sales revenues increased 350 basis points. Our SG&A, as a percentage of homebuilding revenues, improved 20 basis points. Our average sales price increased 10%, as we experienced pricing power in many of our markets. We are better prepared this year than we have been for any recent spring selling season. We have a strong finished lot position and an attractive cost basis. And we continue to bring new communities to market, which reflect extraordinarily competitive finished lot costs due to our excellent low-cost land purchases over the last several years. January sales are accelerating into the spring and we have a supply of spec homes available to meet that demand. We look forward to a very strong spring selling season. We'd like to personally thank all the D.R. Horton team, let's keep the momentum from January going. This concludes our prepared remarks and now, we'll host any questions you may have.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think where we are clearly -- and it's the same place where we were at the end of the fourth quarter -- and that is, we're holding our pricing strong and firm going into the strong selling season. And we feel like there's a limited supply of new homes on the market. And I think as we move into the strong selling season, that we'll be able to continue to maintain our pricing, if not slightly increase it. So we don't see any real reason, as we said at the end of the fourth quarter, David, to begin discounting early. There's no use to get -- to overreact. We think we're in an extraordinarily strong position. And based upon our sales in January and especially this last week, we feel very good about the strong spring selling season and our ability to continue to maintain our pricing stability and raise prices.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, we opened Emerald Homes probably about 6 months -- or actually longer than that, 9 months ago -- and we're bringing that into fruition in a number of our divisions and that's focusing on the higher end. And that product line has met with a lot of strong demand in the marketplace and we're expanding that into more and more divisions. And we expect to continue to grow that to the point where it will become a significant portion of the corporation on a go-forward basis.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I would relate it to, specifically, my expectations. And as you know, I'm a more conservative person. So I would tell you that in January and especially this last week, that our sales have been better than I had expected. And I'm excited about where we are and I feel like that we're right on the cusp of a strong selling, spring selling season. And from my own personal perspective, I think the spring selling season has started a little early for our company and that's a very positive thing that I'm seeing.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I also think that the buyer is becoming more accustomed to the current mortgage rates. If you recall back a couple of quarters ago, there was a pretty adverse reaction to the increase in mortgage rates even though they were slight and they're still historically low by anybody's standards. But frankly, over the last 4 to 6 months, the buyers have become accustomed to the mortgage rates and I think that, that will be less and less a factor as we move into the spring selling season and fiscal year '14.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I personally believe that rates are going up, as I've said for a number of quarters, although they haven't gone up significantly. I don't believe rates are going to go up significantly. And the way I look at it today, the affordability index is still at one of the highest it's been in many, many years. I look at current opportunity for the buyers to buy a home at still reasonable prices relative to where they've been on a historical basis. And where the mortgage rates are, that it's certainly a great time to buy a home. And I think that a lot of buyers are continuing to accept that and believe that.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Dan, I've passed that stage in my life. I'm going to pass on that question. This we -- we just look at the business overall and I'll leave it other people to make the commentaries on the various markets and grade the markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we're constantly looking for year-over-year improvements on the sales basis, but to your specific question, we're always trying to increase our absorptions on a per community basis. That's our best leverage of our SG&A and that's a focus in each one of our communities. So we are focusing on how we penetrate each market deeper, but also how we increase our absorptions on a community-by-community basis.
Donald J. Tomnitz: On the SG&A certainly as a percentage, but certainly not in terms of dollars. And if you'll notice that our Q1 SG&A dollars were down. So as a result, we expect the same thing to happen to us in the second quarter. Community count...
Donald J. Tomnitz: We think on a percentage basis, we'll be up because typically, our second quarter, we -- is our slowest quarter for closings. And if you take a look at our expectation on our backlog conversion, 75% would produce slightly fewer units in Q2 closed than what we did in Q1. So our SG&A, as a percentage of revenues will be slightly up.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, on our gross margin basis, obviously, what we've been doing is we've been holding our prices steady even though the demand, if you look at our fourth quarter sales and our first quarter sales, we've been able to hold it, even in a slow part of the time period. And as Stacey had said earlier, clearly in the West region, as well as other regions, we are not discounting homes and we're maximizing our prices. So in terms of gross margins, our gross margins are basically close to their historical peak, but we don't think they're -- we're at peak pricing in most of our markets. We strongly believe one of the factors that will continue to improve our gross margins -- actually, 2 factors. One is our very competitive land positions that we're bringing to market in the form of finished lots. And secondly, if you take a look at what we think is a constrained or reduced demand or -- of inventory of homes out there for the expected demand, I think that we're going to have pricing power because of those 2 factors. But especially the limited amount of inventory that's prevalent in most of the markets today. I'll let you guys handle the SG&A.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And to digress just for a moment, obviously we're expecting to close more units in fiscal year '14 than we did in fiscal year '13. So we've added -- we've had to add the additional SG&A particularly on the construction side to get our homes built and to have them available for the spring selling season. And as the market continues to improve, as we think it will, throughout the third and fourth quarters, we've got to have superintendents to deliver those homes.
Donald J. Tomnitz: No. I think it's a function of the first quarter improving. Like I said, that improvement has continued over into the second quarter. And we're very happy, even though we're focusing on double-digit increases in all the important metrics, except for SG&A. The fact that we are up 4% in units and 14% in terms of dollars in our sales, we're very pleased with that. So we continue to feel like there's momentum building and we're pleased with those numbers.
Donald J. Tomnitz: One of the factors in the marketplace today is that the number of markets have land prices reflecting continued increase in median house prices, and we're very, very pleased with our current land position because we bought before the prices ran up as dramatically as they have. And clearly, that's what we're expecting in terms of complement to our gross margins. Because we do have less expensive land than what the market is reflecting in terms of land prices today.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And that's reflected in our first quarter land spend because basically we had -- what $45 million worth of land spend in the first quarter. So that's less than what we've had for quite some time.
Donald J. Tomnitz: First of all, we're in a very strong position given our specs. Although our specs as a percentage of our total inventory are nowhere near what our peak specs were at one point in time as a percentage of our inventory, our specs as a percentage of inventory increased from 53% to 56% sequentially, which is normal process, so that we get ready for the spring selling season. But we don't share your concern about a weak selling season. I think there's going to be a strong selling season. But, Kim, to your specific point, if there were such, currently, our spec gross margins are continuing to exceed our build job gross margins. So we feel like that we're in an extraordinarily strong position, given one, our spec count; and two, the margins built into our specs, so that even if we have to discount -- and we don't think that we're going to be eroding our overall gross margins significantly. Ordinary course of business.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Yes, when we're managing specs as ordinary course of business, the ones that really will receive more discounts are those that are aged. And that's what we really monitor very closely, to manage our specs. And our aged completed specs continue to stay at a very low level.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, it's always interesting. Has been for 30-some odd years, but I'd say that we're -- the key in the land side is to be proactive earlier in the market, just like we do on the acquisition side. So I would say to you, the wonderful thing about where we are today is we were proactive. We have some great subdivisions and masterplan communities that we're bringing in at lower than current prices, which gives us that pricing power. We're proactive in the market. We're always taking a look at opportunities. And I wouldn't describe our land acquisition policy as on the back burner. We're always out there aggressively looking for quality deals that we can make our return on.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, currently, we're sitting on approximately a 2.5-year supply of finished lots, both owned and option. And our total lot supply, both developed -- and our finished and unfinished is right at 5 years. So my definition of a conservative but more than adequate land supply is a 5-year supply. And we're right on that number right now. And 2.5-year supply of finished lots, that gives us more than enough lots to meet the demand and meet the construction cycles and so forth on the land development side. So we think we're well positioned. Those are good numbers, 2.5 and 5.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, not to create a higher hurdle for Mike sitting over here to my left. But I guess it all depends upon the premium that he has to pay for lot positions.
Donald J. Tomnitz: The key in the land acquisition business is to be able to be opportunistic based upon your inventory of land and loss supply for your expected housing production. And we are right in the right place, right now in terms of where we bought and when we bought. And we're not -- we don't have to be desperate to go out and replace lots. We see land transactions taking place in several of the markets that I've been in recently, where it doesn't make any sense to us -- the prices that some of our competitors are paying for land prices. So again, we feel like that, that 2.5 and 5-year supply at the prices we have, and we can replace those as we see fit and as demand dictates, but we don't have to overreact on the land purchase side.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think in particular if you look at the southwest, basically, our ASPs out there are flat. And, essentially, the southwest for us is Phoenix and New Mexico -- or Arizona and New Mexico. So as a result, I just came out of Phoenix and Tucson. And if you look at Phoenix, specifically, this -- at this point in the year, they have about 25,000 or 26,000 existing homes on the market compared to 16,000 last year, so that's a lot of competition for all sellers. Secondly, that the ASPs in calendar year '13 in Phoenix increased 25%, and that's not expected to happen in fiscal year or calendar year '14. But as a result, I think that pricing ran up dramatically and quickly in Phoenix and has plateaued. And I think that it will stay flat to slightly decreased in Phoenix, and maybe to a certain extent in Tucson. But that's the wonderful thing about where DR Horton is and in our footprint, because we're well diversified. And we want to be a bigger builder in Phoenix, but right now is not the right time, given where the demand and the pricing point is. It's a good market for us, but it's not a great market. And it's going to be weaker, I think, in '14 than what it is -- was in '13.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think if you're a seller in the marketplace, and you have 26,000 homes on the market versus 16,000 homes, I think that notwithstanding the fact there's a percentage of the buyer out there who is a new homebuyer and not an existing homebuyer, that nevertheless that additional inventory in the marketplace creates a more competitive environment.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think it's difficult to ascertain what the level of investor ownership is in each one of these markets. And I do believe that the investors are still holding. But as the ASPs flatten year-over-year, I think that'll create more opportunities for those -- or create more reason for those owners to bring those units to market. So you could face more increased competition especially in some of the Sunbelt cities like Phoenix and Las Vegas and so forth, where there has been a huge investor participation. I think there's a possibility those units will start coming back to market and compete with all sellers.
Donald J. Tomnitz: A lot of that is a function of the fact that we've been steadfast and holding on to our margins though through the fourth quarter of fiscal year '13 and, clearly, the first quarter. And I will say, with the demand that we're experiencing in the first several weeks of January, I feel like with the limited inventory that's prevalent in the marketplace today, that we should be in a pricing power position -- strong pricing power position in most of our markets on a go-forward basis for fiscal year '14.
Donald J. Tomnitz: It depends upon a couple of factors. If we continue to do a good job of controlling our cost -- our stick-and-brick cost, as we have been doing relative to our sales prices, as well as, as I continue to say, everything that I read, everything that I see in the marketplaces. There's a limited supply of new homes on the marketplace. If the demand is as good as we think it's going to be in fiscal year '14 spring selling season, we will have an opportunity to expand those margins.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, first of all, it's not impacting our input cost simply because we are not having to buy land at those higher prices today. Clearly, we see a little bit of increase -- potential increase on the drywall side. And I don't know how much that's going to be. But we think it's going to be a low total dollar amount per home. Lumber prices right now have been working in our favor, clearly. The one thing that is pretty constant in our business is that the lumber companies know that we have a strong spring selling season; and typically, lumber prices will increase in the spring selling season as the demand increases. So I would anticipate lumber will do the same thing that it has historically done for some-30 on years I've been in the business. They'll continue to raise prices in the spring. Other than that, those are my reflections. I don't know if you guys have any additional thoughts.
Donald J. Tomnitz: But just as a point of order, if you take a look at our year-over-year stick-and-brick cost per square foot, they were up less than what our year-over-year increase in our revenue per square foot is. So we're continuing to be able to raise prices at a faster pace than what we are experiencing cost increases.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We, personally, are counting on higher sales this year than a year ago. A couple of factors that I think are impacting that. One is that even though not overly excited about the growth in the economy, the one -- national economy, the one thing that is accurate is that there seems to be a slowing improvement in the overall economy, and that's good for our business. I think that translates into increased jobs, especially permanent jobs or full-time jobs, that will be additive to our business. Also, as I've mentioned earlier, there's been an adaptation to the current mortgage rates by the buyer over the last 4 or 5 years. And I think that's going to be -- or 4 or 5 months, I should say. And I think that's a positive to our business. And I also believe that when buyers are going into communities and looking for new homes, and there's not an excess inventory of new homes, I think that's a positive factor. One of the most negative things about a selling environment is if there's excess inventory in the subdivision, or in the market in particular, because then there's very little urgency on the part of the buyer. So I think the supply side is definitely helping the demand side, if no other reason from a psychological point of view is that there's not a lot of excess inventory out there.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think, largely, as we said, Alex, from our fiscal year end '13 conference call is that we were not going to overreact. We looked at the inventory levels across the country and our markets, and we didn't see any excess inventory out there. And as a result, we -- and then especially places like the west, in particular, all the way from Seattle to Portland and northern California to Southern California, there's just not a lot of inventory out there, both in terms of finished lots nor finished homes. And we decided that we would not overreact, and that we would maximize our margins in that area. And if you take a look at the west in particular, our average sales price in the west was up 21%, and our operating margins increased from 9% to 15%. So I feel like that we called it perfectly out there, and we are in a strong position, like I said, in almost all of our markets, and we're going to let the market come to us.
Donald J. Tomnitz: That's very little. That's been declining every quarter for the last 3 years, so it's pretty minimal now.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think the land market for most of the small builders is still a difficult proposition, simply because of the fact that banks are not lending, and a lot of those smaller builders are still reliant upon forming LLCs and finding private investors to finance it for them. And obviously, those are at higher interest rates than what you could get from a commercial bank, except that the commercial banks are not lending. So as a result, we still believe the public builder has a very advantageous opportunity, both on the land side, as well as the cost side and the houses. The smaller builders are not that significant a competitive environment for us, simply because of the fact -- the lack of financing.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Oh, at some point in time, I presume the banks will begin lending, but I don't see that imminent on the marketplace. And one of the things that Mike is seeing on the acquisition side are smaller and medium-sized builders who are having difficulty acquiring financing and as a result are soliciting or interested in, I guess, liquidating their companies -- selling their companies. It's very competitive on the financing side out there for small people.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Our specs are across all subdivision, all product lines and all price lines. Clearly, from a volume perspective, we're going to have more of them on the entry-level and lesser in the move-up buyer, and even lesser into the second and third time buyer on our annual[ph] side. But clearly, we're, as Stacy said earlier, the heart and the core of D.R. Horton is still that first-time, and to the lesser extent, second-time homebuyer, but that's the vast majority of our focus. And that's where our specs are.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We have not been approached to that on a large-scale. That happens from time to time. We're in the business of building, selling and closing single-family homes to individual homebuyers. We have avoided selling blocks of homes to investors. That's not our business, and that's not a business that we want to be in.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Yes. Thank you very much. D.R. and I would like to thank all of our D.R. Horton employees. We've done a phenomenal job over the last 3 or 4 years. I can't say enough kudos to you. We continue to outperform our competitors. I've been here for 30 years. We've never been better positioned than we are today for the spring selling season in terms of opportunistic land purchases that we made, finished lot costs that we have in our land development deals as well as our inventory that's in the field. All of our salespeople are totally in a position of power, because you're well inventoried with specs in your communities. And we ask you to do the same thing that we've always asked you to do and that you've done: sell our specs and close them. And let's move onto a fantastic year. We're very optimistic about fiscal year '14. It's the culmination of a lot of hard work over the last 4 or 5 years. And it's time to slam dunk it. Thank you very much.
Bill W. Wheat: We are seeing a lot of opportunities as we have been and we're evaluating them. There was a bit of a pause in the sales environment late last summer into the early fall. And that perhaps did bring a few more people to coming out and trying to look at their alternatives and options. So we continue to look at opportunities, and hopefully, we'll continue to be successful finding the right acquisitions. We're not stressed to have to do any one given deal. We're looking for the right thing that fits strategically with what we see as a company and improving our footprint and our capabilities.
Bill W. Wheat: Really, our sales pace through the quarter was fairly consistent. Each month of the quarter was up on a year-over-year basis. So we saw just very consistent sales trends and then we've seen that accelerate in the month of January.
Bill W. Wheat: And still, with the number of changes in the mortgage underwriting guidelines, it's taking longer to qualify a buyer than what it has in the past. And we're processing those as quickly and as efficiently as we possibly can, but that is a slowing process to our business.
Bill W. Wheat: Community count, on a sequential basis, our average community count was up 2%, and year-over-year was up 13%.
Bill W. Wheat: And in terms of SG&A, clearly, we are prepared for stronger volumes in 2014. So we have been building infrastructure on our sales teams and our production capabilities. And so from that standpoint, we definitely are prepared for some stronger volumes. And on a year-over-year basis, we did leverage it 20 basis points. So we are ahead of the pace that we set last year. In Q1, we finished the year at 10.7% last year so we're on pace to do better than that. Clearly, we're always looking to leverage SG&A as much as we possibly can. And our expectation is with higher volumes later in the year, that we will leverage it further.
Bill W. Wheat: James, we would expect it to moderate a bit. We do expect our community count to continue to be up on a year-over-year basis, but it may not continue to be double-digit based on what we can see right now. But really, what will ultimately happen will depend on what we see in terms of the strength of the market as we get into the spring and later in the year, if they have -- if the strength exceeds our current expectations, we could end up adding some additional communities. But right now, we'd expect it to stay positive but perhaps not at the double-digit level.
Bill W. Wheat: For the remainder of '14, we would expect to be between 35% and 36% this year. The primary difference this year is that we're going to able -- we expect to be able to fully utilize the domestic production activities deduction, which has been limited for the last few years as we've been utilizing our NOL carryforward. We've now fully utilized our federal NOL carryforward, so now we'll get that deduction, which helps to offset our overall tax rate. So our expectation's between 35% and 36%.
Bill W. Wheat: Based on what we can see right now, I wouldn't guide to anything really different than that. There could be changes between now and then. But as of right now, I wouldn't see any significant difference from '14.
Bill W. Wheat: In terms of -- we've seen very good average selling price increases throughout '13. We have stated previously that we -- while we do expect to see some further pricing power into '14 depending on the strength of the market, we don't expect the prices to continue to increase at the same rate. So as we sit here today seeing early results that points towards a strong spring, we would expect to continue to see some further pricing increases over our current levels, but perhaps not the same pace we saw last year.
Bill W. Wheat: If you look at the course of history, if you have sales price increases in the mid-single digits, that's a very solid year, so we would certainly take that. We'd expect more, but accept that.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, certainly. As you well know, the whole year will be -- will really be determined by how strong the spring selling season is. So there certainly is some uncertainty about where it can go. But where we stand today with where our backlog margins are, with what we see in our communities across our operation, we feel good about our current margin levels. We feel like we should able to sustain them in the current range. And we certainly expect to continue to be able to leverage SG&A. We've got 20 basis points in the first quarter. We would expect to continue to get further leverage through the year and improve on our previous years' operating margin. Past that, it's really going to depend on the strength that we see in the marketplace as we get into the spring.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, I would expect that gap to narrow over the next year as we began capitalizing all of our interest costs, beginning in Q3 of last year once our active inventory exceeded our debt. The amount of inventory and interest in inventory has started to rise a bit, so I would expect that gap between interest incurred and amortized cost of sales to narrow a bit over time.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And in terms of the first-time buyer, though, I mean, I don't ever want people to think that, that's not a core part of our business as well. The first-time buyer and the first-time move-up buyer have been our bread-and-butter for many, many years and we're going to continue to focus on those segments as well. But we have seen an opportunity to expand our product offerings so we're offering more things to more people in many of our markets.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I think we're seeing some improvement in the move-up simply because we've added that product line. And so it's really hard for us to gauge what the incremental demand in that is. Overall, for our business, it's been an increasing portion of demand.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And we've looked at numerous charts over the past few years and the tightest correlation in terms of new home sales isn't with interest rates, it's with jobs. And so if interest rates are rising because the economy is improving, because more people are employed, we view that as a strong positive boost[ph] for our business.
Stacey H. Dwyer: More of our specs are probably going to be targeted toward the first-time buyer and the first time move-up buyer. In terms of time to contract, I don't think we're seeing anything that's significantly different. We had expected, as the economy recoveries and the demand recovers, that we'd see more build-to-order, and we actually did see our backlog conversion rates slowing down some. We're still running above historical trends and we're still seeing more compacted contract to close than we've seen historically.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I would add one thing on that. If you look at our West region, we actually have been raising our sales prices and really improving our operating margin, that we're not focused on absorptions in that region just because of the lot supply dynamics there. So there's always the nuance of we're going to approach our business differently based on the different market conditions everywhere. So again, it may not be a one-size-fits-all answer.
Stacey H. Dwyer: It's probably a smaller impact for us now than it would've been a few years ago, because we've already seen the mix of the mortgages that we're writing through our mortgage company come down significantly in the FHA category. I think part of that has been intentional, as they've raised the down payment for the last 3 years and then increased the insurance cost, both on the upfront and the monthly premium. So the cost of an FHA loan compared to an initial loan is getting to be in the same ballpark. So if people had the 5%, they're probably going to choose to put the 5% down. So I'm sure that there will be some places that are impacted, some buyers that are impacted, but there are good alternatives for them with the conventional financing that's available as well.
Stacey H. Dwyer: So far, we've not seen any impact on the closing of the mortgages. We have added some level of overhead for additional staffing, because we have implemented additional review processes at different points during the originating process to make sure that we are complying with the new regulation. So the customer's ending up with essentially the same mortgage product, and we've added a few more costs to deliver that product.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I'd just add labor to the bucket in selected markets just based on the construction level that we're seeing there and the availability of labor amongst the various trades, but that's not a consistent across the nation increase.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes, that's stick and brick, sorry. Right, yes. And we do that on homes closed because on homes sold, it's not final, final. Closings, we can actually measure that and know that's a final number.
