Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you. Fiscal year '12 has been a pivotal year for our company, in which we reestablished our industry-leading profit levels and began to take advantage of the flexibility provided by our strong balance sheet. We transitioned from defense to offense, raising new capital, investing our cash in the business, improving our operating margin and growing our profits. We believe these are the initial stages of long-term growth for D.R. Horton. D.R. and I would like to personally thank our employees for their hard work and accomplishments. You've kept us in the #1 builder slot for the past 10 years. We are better positioned than we've ever been in my 29 years with D.R. Horton. We're excited by the opportunities we see in fiscal 2013 and beyond. And as I always say as I travel around and meet all of our sales people, kick tail. This concludes our prepared remarks and I'll host any questions.
Donald J. Tomnitz: First of all, I would say too that we are not going to be decreasing our spec level from our historical levels. Typically, we're running somewhere between 50% to 60% specs, depending on which quarter of the year it is, and we anticipate that we will increase our specs in the first calendar quarter of fiscal year '12 in anticipation of the selling season, which historically starts in the second quarter. Clearly, we moved a lot of older specs this quarter, which was a remarkable accomplishment. It was even more a remarkable accomplishment that we increased our gross margin while we moved those older specs. But on a historical basis, our build-to-order business has been a higher margin business for us, so as we transition into fiscal year '13, I anticipate that we will have some upside in our margins just simply because of the mix change in build-to-order versus spec and also combined with the fact that we've gotten rid of a lot of older specs that -- and cleansed our spec backlog.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Absolutely. We continue even though we're closing more homes than anyone else in the industry and we were able to add to our lot supply as we indicated in the most recent quarter. We clearly are going to be buying land and developing lots where it makes economic sense for us. Fortunately, in a lot of our markets, we're still able to execute option contracts.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly, our build-to-order business is being driven by our customers. There are a number of people who are coming in who are either retirees or they're buying their third home. And clearly, their desire is of having their home their way, that's what we're accommodating. On a go forward basis though, as I said earlier, we are going to continue to maintain and as you said, we are comfortable, we have always been a spec builder and we are comfortable with our specs. We will continue to maintain, depending upon which quarter of the year it is, a spec ratio somewhere of 50% to 60%.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well in 2012, the percentages really haven't changed frankly even during the downturn because there are period of time last year in 2012, certainly in 2011, where we were running 61%, 62% specs. So it just all depends upon what we see in the marketplace. And one of the things that has brought us to where we are today is we were willing, during the downturn, to put our specs out there and have homes available especially we saw that pretax credit, and those are one of the things that led us to having such a successful '11 or '10 was having the homes on the market to take advantage of the tax credit when our competition really did not.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, a number of our buyers come in preapproved by some other mortgage company, and that's one of the major drivers of someone not using our mortgage company. We also have an association with the SAA, where basically, they are also offering their mortgage company to our buyers. And many of their -- all of their buyers are military or ex-military buyers, and they offer an incentive for their buyers to use their mortgage company. Our mortgage company has always been in the business of absolutely competing with the competition. They don't really have any upside, they don't really have any downside. They're just out there on a daily basis having to earn our business. So to the extent that someone must use an outside mortgage company, that's fine with us.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And certainly I don't think, if you're inferring that perhaps the people who use our mortgage company have lesser credit qualification, that's not the case. And if you look at the solid results of our mortgage company in a great view, millions of dollars they've had to reserve against billions of dollars of mortgages they have issued over the year. The quality of our buyer going to our mortgage company is extraordinarily high.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well largely, it's -- that's dependent on our regional presence because obviously, they spend a lot more time in those specific markets than D.R. and I do. Although D.R. and I clearly bless every one of the new markets that we enter, but clearly, what we're looking for is an opportunity to go -- when we go into a new market is to make a major -- take a major position in that market. Typically, the market is underserved by a production builder or not served by a production builder at all, where we can go in and actually provide the homebuyers in that market with a more competitive house and a better built house with a better margin. So one of the things that we focused on at Horton over the last couple of years is moving into what I call ancillary markets or tertiary markets and I have another name for them, which I won't use for in the conference call, but they're smaller markets. And I think with our low overhead, we can go in and take lot position, so they're smaller than many other builders and to be able to offer the buyers in that market an extremely competitive value. And I think you're seeing that in a number of markets where we have gone into in the Carolinas and in Florida where we don't find competition for many other builders, certainly not production builders
Donald J. Tomnitz: The way we look at new community count is each one of our division presidents and each one of their markets are charged with how do they become the #1 builder in their market, all the while focusing on our #1 goal which is profitability. So as I tell each one of our division presidents and the role they're taking, is how do we tie up and contract for any and all lot positions in that market that makes sense for us to build that product and if it's a profitable transaction for us. So we're trying to expand our subdivisions in each one of our markets as aggressively as the business will support.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Some of those community counts are relative, Steve. Basically, some markets are a lot easier to sign up contracts on finished lots or option lots or even land deals, which take less risk and less capital than other markets like California in particular. That market seems to me from a land perspective is overheated right now, and it takes big dollars and there's a higher risk, given the state of California's economy. We're trying to choose land and lot positions in low-risk areas to provide us the best return.
Donald J. Tomnitz: In fact, I think as you begin to see and who knows whether the calcs are right or not, but as people begin to report some increase in average sales prices or median prices in various markets, that's going to solve the appraisal issue substantially for all builders.
Donald J. Tomnitz: If our income remains flat with fiscal 2012 levels, we expect to be able to recover our federal NOL carryforwards. That's a portion of our DTA. Our federal NOL carryforwards will capture that in less than 5 years.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I can tell you right now we're really comfortable with our net debt to cap, Ken. And our focus is on how we continue to grow the business without increasing our leverage significantly.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And a lot of that has frankly to do with the low new home inventory basically. Across the nation, we're down to 4.7 months supply of new homes. We have pricing power in a number of our markets, not as significant as what we had back in '04 and '05, but I'm not sure we need to get back to that point. But nevertheless, we are having pricing power in most of our markets which is improving our gross margins.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Our company goal has always been 20% gross margins. We're working toward that, but we're not going to be tell you we're going to be there next quarter, but we're working on it.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well clearly, our position in the north is small, and frankly, if you take a look at the markets in our north region, they're small and they continue to be weak. And so as a result, it's an insignificant number really, but those markets have been hit a lot harder, and they are slow to recover. And largely if you take a look at some of them have high unemployment still and their state economies are weak.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Yes. Clearly, the improved gain on sale as part of the increase in margins this quarter in financial services with a 40% operating margin. That's at the high end of our historical range and clearly higher than where we have been more recently. I would say a more typical operating margin over the long term would be more in the 30% range -- 30% to 35% perhaps so 40% was a bit higher than usual.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think it was clearly an opportunistic approach to the debt market at the time. Certainly, the coupon was extraordinarily low. Are we going to step on the accelerator? We are moderating the accelerator. One of our focuses still at this company is to underwrite land and lot deals, specifically the ones we have to cash out and our underwriting guidelines are pretty specific. We desire right now to get our capital back within 24 months. We do have some deals we are proving that are greater than 24 months, but we're very focused on not overextending our land and lot position to an excessive number of years to get our capital back. So we are -- just to be clear, we are optimistic about the housing market today, but we're also realizing that the U.S. economy is still weak, and so I wouldn't say we're stepping on any accelerator. We're just adjusting to each market and trying to take profitable market share from our competitors.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, as one of my favorite division presidents, Todd Horton always says, no good deed shall go unpunished. Clearly, we outperformed everyone during the downturn and so obviously, we have a much higher comp as we go through each quarter relative to our peers who performed much more poorly than we during the downturn. So as a result, we are continuing to focus on growing the company, but again, we're focusing on growing the company in a profitable manner.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly our balance sheet is extraordinarily strong, so we're in a position to capitalize on any opportunities that we see on the land and lot side. Clearly, land prices in certain markets have moved up more dramatically than we think they should have. As a result, we're being more conservative in those particular markets. But we are putting our balance sheet to work on good deals in good markets with good returns. And the great thing about this company is we pretty much have maintained our original footprint during this downturn. And as opposed, like a number of our competitors having to focus on just a handful of markets to generate their growth, we've got a huge footprint and so we can selectively invest in each one of those markets or selective markets such that we don't have to take the risk that our other competitors do. And we can focus on growth and risk in the markets that we think are the best for us at that particular time without pushing the window too hard in any one market. We clearly are focused on one thing. We're not going to take the hook at this early stage in the housing recovery with the weak macroeconomic scenario that we see. And bet the balance sheet of this company that we've cleaned up so nicely and it's the strongest it's ever been just because of the fact that there are a lot of people out there thinking that land prices are -- need to be a lot higher than what they deserve to be.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, first of all, we have a lot of partners who we've been doing business with for a number of years. We just completed our every 2-year Purchasing Managers meeting in Las Vegas with our vendors and our manufacturers. And so as a result, we set the expectations for them where our volume is going. Clearly, we're a big portion of a lot of their business, and as a result, we continue to work together to keep our prices and our cost moderated. And we expect them to cover their overhead with D.R. Horton business and make their profit off of our competitors.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly, we've been the #1 builder unit-wise for 10 consecutive years. And all the while, I think clearly out earning most of our competitors, a few handful have done slightly better than we, but not significantly. And our goal on a go-forward basis is to continue to be the largest builder in the U.S., but most importantly to continue to focus on profitability. As Horton has said many times, it's easy to make money in this business. It's harder to keep it. And as a result, what we're trying to focus on and we are focused very hard on is profitability. But we're going to win profitability with volume, but what clearly our division presidents know one thing. They're not to take a backseat to any builder in any market because we have the best cost and the best pricing and best balance sheet of anybody in the industry. So you can add all that up and divide it up and see what I really said.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I don't mean to be rude, Steve, but I just stopped giving the Bobby toll market grade by markets because frankly, we have some preeminent positions in a lot of our markets and I just don't want to be telling our competition where we're doing better.
Donald J. Tomnitz: No, you're not. And frankly, our spec level, as I said earlier, has run pretty consistently year after year after year, and we run somewhere between 50% and 60%. We may get into the 62% or 63% level at the right time of the year, and we dropped down to the mid-40s at other times of the year when we get closer to our third and fourth quarters. So as a result, our game plan has always been in this company, we know how to build specs, we know how to make money off specs, and we believe it's really a keystone of our business. So as a result on a go forward basis, notwithstanding the fact that we have more and more build jobs, we are also continuing to offer the same level of specs at the specific quarters in the year where it makes sense. We increase and decrease dependent upon the quarter of the year.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well clearly the bigger percentage of our backlog that's move-up should have a higher margin than the spec margin. And we should be rewarded for that simply because of the fact that we're building a home for a particular person as opposed to having -- building a production home which takes slightly longer. So we should get a higher return on a build job.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well clearly, I think that the more build jobs we have, that's going to drive our margins, the best of those 3 categories. The completed specs basically what we're talking about is that we have fewer aged completed specs, specs that have been completed for a period of 6 months or less. So to the extent that, that makes up a smaller percent of our backlog, that would be really the #2 driver. We have focused for years on making sure our specs have been completed for a period of greater than 6 months are moved and sold as quickly as possible.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And I'd say 2 factors are driving that. One is how many build jobs we have, build-to-order houses we have, move-up homes we have and also frankly our pricing power. And right now, the pricing power is small, but is there, so I think that's one of the things clearly contributing to our increase on our ASP.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think when we went back and did the math, that's probably -- that's assuming about 20% to 25% growth each year for 4 or 5 years. And to answer your question directly, I would be disappointed in 5 years if we weren't closing over 50,000 units.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I have seen a couple of cycles in my day, yes. And to your point about peers, we do focus on our competitors out there because frankly, that's a daily focus of ours. I would say to you on the -- as D.R. and I travel around the markets, one of the things that we don't see a lot of is activity in the small and medium-size builders, and that's directly a function of the unwillingness of the banks to lend to them. I think as the market continues to improve, obviously, the banks will begin to lend to them. But clearly, most of that lending will be done for the vertical construction and not the land and lots. So as long as the banks continue not to lend to the small and medium-sized builder on land and lots or independent developers to sell to individual builders -- small and medium-sized builders, I think that production homebuilders, in particular D.R. Horton will be in a preeminent position. And a lot of the developers over the last 4 or 5 years who did concentrate on developing lots and selling them to the small and medium-sized builders have learned a valuable lesson, and that is they need to deal with well-capitalized builders, so we're finding a number of the developers who focused on that portion of the market as they try to get back in the market and some of them are getting back in the market. They're definitely focused on dealer with well-capitalized production builders like Horton.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think the key today is that the banks are -- obviously, they've gone through a very difficult time period themselves. And as I read, they're still not willing to lend to very many people, including well-capitalized and strong balance sheet companies like D.R. Horton. So clearly, they're not in the game to lend to the small and medium-sized builders. I think where the builders, small and medium-sized builders clearly have an advantage is in the less capital intensive markets. Clearly, Texas is a less capital intensive market. Places like Louisiana, even New Mexico and Arizona. But you get into places like California and Florida and particularly in the northeast, the average lot price is extraordinarily high, and so as a result, it cost -- it's a high risk and a high loan amount for a builder to get a loan from a bank and that takes a lot of equity on many occasions for those small and medium-sized builders on those capital intensive markets to even be in the market.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Just from a personal standpoint, I think the banks today are in a preeminent position. They have the U.S. taxpayers backing, so as a result, they're stronger than they've ever been, and that's different from the last time because in the 80s and the 90s, clearly, the bank failure rate and the savings and loan rate was extraordinarily high so there were very few players in the market to even lend. But today, all of our banks are, I think, extraordinarily well-capitalized. I think what they're waiting for is clearly, some indication that when they make a loan that they're not going to be underwater on the loan 3 months later or 6 months later, because asset values have depreciated. So I think from their perspective and being an ex-commercial banker, I think it's tough to make a loan today just simply from the perspective that your loan-to-value ratio could change overnight. So I think there needs to be -- as it relates to the housing industry, I think there needs to be some small, but rather consistent increasing in valuations on houses and land and lots such that the banks feel comfortable that they're not going to be taking a write-down after they made the loan 3 months later.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you. Thank you for joining us on our Q3 conference call. Obviously, we're very proud of what our company has accomplished and most importantly, we're proud of what our people have accomplished. It seems like that people key in on our conference calls to try to determine the level of confidence that we have in the homebuilding industry going forward. And clearly, you should have concluded from this conference call that we feel very good about the U.S. housing market. We feel very strong about our position in the U.S. housing market and that's all on the face of a rather weak macroeconomic environment. We're confident about our future, we're confident about our abilities to continue to capture market share. We're confident about continuing to be able to expand our market share and our profits and our profit margins. So thank you. We'll see you after the fourth quarter.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Sure, Dan. One of the things that we look at on our backlog conversion is really just going back predownturn. And our expectations will trend back to the backlog conversion rates that we've traditionally seen. And those rates would typically be between about 55% and 65% in quarters 1 through 3, and then quarter 4 could be up into the 70%, possibly into the low 70% range. We've been in an accelerated backlog conversion rate because our spec levels have been higher. As we went through the downturn, we had a higher level of completed specs than we currently have, and so those were available for a very quick sale and quick close in the same quarter. We would expect that to begin to slow down a little bit as we focused on reducing our completed specs. And the other thing we're seeing is more build to order. Sales come in and those typically stay in backlog a little bit longer because we actually work through the permitting process, people selecting their options before we begin the construction on the home. And so our expectation is for Q4 that the backlog will still remain in the high 70s to the 85% range, but going into next year, we are going to actually see that continue to trend down a little bit.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We don't necessarily have a clear visibility into that, David, but I would be surprised at this point. I mean, mortgage standards are pretty consistent across all of mortgage products right now especially ones that are backed by the governmental industries and that tends to be the majority of the market. One other factor that impacts our capture rate is we don't have our mortgage company in every homebuilding market where we operate. So there's certain segments of our business that we just won't capture.
Stacey H. Dwyer: We wouldn't call that a meaningful impediment. We do still continue to see challenges with the valuations on appraisals, more specifically with the VA loans than with other loan products. And there are a handful of markets that seem to have more ongoing challenges than some other markets. But generally, it's just an ongoing annoyance, but not a huge impediment.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes. Right now, we are very concentrated with the first-time homebuyer. We've typically been running between about 50% and 55% of our business to the first-time homebuyer. In terms of opening it up, that's been actually the most consistent part of the homebuyer population, and one of the things that we're looking to do is not necessarily to decrease the number of homes and the number of first-time homebuying customers that we have, but rather to increase incrementally the product that we have available and the number of people who are buying more of a move-up product. So our goal is actually for that percentage to work its way back down closer to the 35% to 40% historical range as we see the higher end of the market recovering.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Yes, Josh, we can pull that up, and I can get back with you and kind of see what we've done historically. You're absolutely right though our seasonal trend is that the March quarter and the June quarter are usually pretty similar within a few basis points, then we'd see our sales trend down into the September quarter, down a little bit more into December and then start back up in the spring selling season into the March quarter. And I'll follow-up with you in terms of kind of historically what percentage we see.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Well, in terms of the year-on-year order growth, we haven't actually seen the end of July yet, so we'd prefer not to comment. But while we would expect the absolute orders to go down, we'll see what happens with the year-over-year order growth. Because even with a decline in orders, it could still hang in there very strongly.
Stacey H. Dwyer: There has been a pretty good range on that, Jade, and a lot of it has to do with the amount of refinance that's going on in any individual quarter. We've probably ranged between maybe 5% to 20% would be outside business. One of the things that we do like to focus on though is increasing that non-captive business even beyond the refi business because that helps us leverage the overhead structure in those markets. So that is one of the focus points for the mortgage company is to continue to look at the outside business.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Steven, if you look at our land position in the regions that are improving most in terms of the lots that I have under control, the 2 standouts for us still continue to be the southeast and the south central region. Those are where we're finding more opportunities. And those have been consistently where we found more opportunities.
Stacey H. Dwyer: I think the other thing that maybe a little bit confusing is when we were talking about the ability to turn the backlog more quickly and some of the drag on the margin we were talking about completed specs. Completed specs have come down year-over-year from about 2,500, I believe, last year to about 2,100 this year. And as a percentage of our inventory, that's even a greater drop because our overall inventory has been growing. So that's another factor that we look at just in addition to our overall spec percentage.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And just to be clear, that sales commissions, it's bonuses for the superintendents, it's division level comp, it's region comp and its corporate comp, all of those have some component that's either tied to volume, revenue or profitability and stock price.
Stacey H. Dwyer: Mike, we typically don't comment about the intra-quarter trends, but the results that we posted where June was a little bit higher than our March quarter. Typically, March and June are pretty close together, but usually only in about 1/3 of the situation is June higher than March, so we would view this as a very positive sales trend.
Stacey H. Dwyer: And to answer your question from a slightly different angle, I think if you look back to the early 80s, even the public builders were dependent on a significant level of bank debt. So we were still talking to the same sources of capital for growth during that time period. Now when you look at the balance sheets, we're using capital markets to pay for it. So it's a different source of lending for us that comes with fewer covenants and a defined timeframe that can't be taken back.
Bill W. Wheat: Clearly, with our increase in investments in land and our increases in our option lot positions. We are targeting increases in our overall community count. You are correct that with our increased sales this year, we have probably rolled out of more communities than we might have anticipated at the start of the year, so the net count has not increased quite as much as we had maybe originally planned, but with the increased investments, we expect to be growing our community count sequentially as we move in to 2015.
Bill W. Wheat: We have a lot of flexibility obviously right now. If the market's there and the demand is there, we have the ability to invest a lot with our balance sheet, both in our liquidity right now and the ability to add additional debt in the future. But right now, we're increasing our investment significantly, and our leverage is still holding in there at a pretty low level. Of course going forward, we also plan on making a lot of money, and to the extent that we generate a lot of profits in the future, that adds to our equity, which helps keep our leverage in balance as well.
Bill W. Wheat: Sure. On the sequential increase, it was about 40 bps from Q2 to Q3. The entire amount of that increase is due to pure core margin improvements attributable to fewer discounts, some increases in average selling prices that we've been able to implement in some of our markets. And so it's just a very simple improvement in core margin. Specs are always a portion of that, but as Don mentioned earlier, we have reduced our -- some of our aged completed specs, and we're starting to see improved margins on our specs this quarter relative to some prior periods in the past.
Bill W. Wheat: And obviously, we sound -- we certainly sound more confident in our guidance on margins today because our trend has been positive here for a couple of quarters, and the driver of the improved margin is truly based on our core operations. So that's what's driving our guidance to be able to hold the margins that we have today. But clearly, our goals are to continue to improve margins over and above the 18% we reported this quarter.
Bill W. Wheat: That would be a stretch. We would expect we'll be in the -- we'll be in the 12s this year, which is going to be a good improvement versus last year. As we continue to add volume, we clearly have more room to leverage our SG&A infrastructure on the fixed cost side, and so we would expect to continue driving that down. But our company goal remains at around 10%. We have had some short periods in the past when we've been below 10%, but those have typically been periods and we've seen significant selling price increases that have driven that. But to the extent we're able to drive it towards 10%, that will be in line with our targets.
Bill W. Wheat: We will see an increase both sequentially and year-over-year, as we'll have a higher activity level, more homes closing, more revenue and that results in more sales commission and more activities around the home construction. But we'll also see a bigger piece of that increase being incentive compensation, both to increase revenues, profitability as well as share price adjusting some accruals.
Bill W. Wheat: That was by far the largest portion of it, and it's simply a matter of the significant profitability we have year-to-date this year and last year at this point. We were not profitable on a year-to-date basis. So that's a huge swing.
Bill W. Wheat: And then you are right that we had been reluctant to add interest expense to the company. And I think this reflects that we have more confidence in our ability to generate profits and cover that incremental interest expense than we may have had in the last couple of years.
Bill W. Wheat: We began growing our sales sooner, which got us to profitability sooner. Now we have much more substantial profits and we plan on growing on that. And we expect substantial sales increases in the future. We're focused on our sales.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes. In terms of the variable portion of our SG&A, when we are looking at revenue increasing sequentially, typically, our variable SG&A will equate to between 3% and 5% of the increase in revenues. So if revenues increased by $100 million, then we would expect the SG&A to -- the variable portion to increase between $3 million and $5 million. This quarter, the sequential increase from Q2 to Q3 was 5% of our sequential revenue increase.
Bill W. Wheat: Right now, we are seeing margin improvement in every component of our business. And we think we have a good trend going. We're going to work on continuing to improve that in every component of our business.
Bill W. Wheat: The trend has been up. We hope it continues, but that's a week-to-week, month-to-month thing, but clearly, the trend has been up pretty consistently the last several quarters.
Bill W. Wheat: We'd have to get back to you on the specific numbers on that. But that is the -- on the year-over-year change, that is the largest component of the year-over-year increase and directly related to the profitability of the company and the change in share price.
