Donald J. Tomnitz: In closing, this quarter, our pretax income increased 42% to $201.9 million. The majority of our operating metrics continue to improve on a year-over-year basis this quarter, highlighted by the value of our sales, closings and backlog, increased by 20%, 23% and 18%, respectively. Our net sales orders increased 57% sequentially on a 3% increase in average active selling communities. And our pretax operating margin increased 170 basis points to 11.6%. We are well-positioned to improve our profit and return metrics with our broad geographic footprint, diversified product offerings across our 3 brands, an attractive finished lot position and a solid balance sheet. We continue to focus on our core D.R. Horton brand, as well as striving to become the leading luxury builder with our Emerald brand. We believe the next leg of this recovery will be driven by the true entry-level buyer, and we're prepared to capture that demand with our recently introduced Express brand. We like to personally thank all of our D.R. Horton team for another great quarter. D.R. and I request that you keep up with the good work and finish off the spring selling season strong. This concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now host any questions you may have.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think it's a combination of all. But I think if you remember, we had and we still have the broadest geographic footprint on the industry. And during the downturn, we kept our footprint, we consolidated our divisions within our footprint in anticipation of a housing recovery, and we're now prepared to continue to expand those markets where we kept our footprint. So clearly, we're not dependent on any one market, and there are weak markets across the country, so we're able to supplement those weak markets with stronger markets in our footprint. So clearly, I think our geographic footprint is a key to our great performance.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, as you know, at Horton, we like to dip our toe in the water before we jump completely in. So clearly, we're going to roll out the Express brand on a market-by-market basis, focusing perhaps more on the affordable markets than the higher end markets. And we will roll it out on a national basis, but we're going to focus first and foremost on where we feel like we have the best chance of affordability.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, our sales improved on a month-to-month basis sequentially each month in the quarter. And as we mentioned in the last quarter's conference call, we expected to meet -- that there was challenge in demand in any of the markets. We indicated that we are more than well-prepared with our low-cost basis and our low construction cost to be able to increase incentives as necessary. We did increase incentives some within second quarter, primarily toward the end of the quarter, but not significantly. And we'll continue to do that because one thing that we're focused on is inventory turn hitting our absorptions in each one of our respective markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And really, we've managed our specs very, very well over the years, as you know. We look at [ph] this account for over 60% of our sales. And they have one thing in common, they like to put a buyer on almost quickly as possible, and also collect the commission quickly as possible. So we're well-prepared to meet that realtor support and demand that we have across the country. But typically, if you look at our spec percentage, it went down from 55% to 49%, our completed specs declined and our sales -- our specs greater than 6 months were pretty much stable, so we're in a very strong position spec-wise.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And taken into consideration the increase in ASPs and the pricing power we've had over last couple of years, I think it's only natural that incentives begin to kick in some.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We think that, obviously, on that first-time mover -- first-time buyer market with margins are more challenging. We're budgeting as close as we can to our current margins, but probably slightly lower. But don't forget, we're planning on turning that product line as much as 3 times per year. So basically our return on that segment of the business will be just as good, if not better, than our normal business. In fact, it will be better.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Our community count was up about 11% year-over-year, and I think we'd expect to see that community count continue to grow year-over-year, albeit at a slower pace than 11%, probably single digits -- high single digits for the balance of the year.
Donald J. Tomnitz: So longer-term shift to a multi-brand strategy. We believe, from our perspective, that we have underserved that luxury buyer, and that was the reason we started focusing on the Emerald brand. It also helps us gain entry to some of the master-plan communities, where there are no or very few custom builders because of a lack of financing for those. And so we're able to backfill the space left by them because banks are still not lending to that small custom builder and provides us a great entry with a great capital position and a great balance sheet to become a major player on that higher end market, especially in master-plan communities. So we're focused on truly becoming the leading luxury builder with that brand over the next 3 to 4 years. On the Express side, there's no question that with the price increases that we've experienced in our industry over the last couple or 3 years with all the pricing power we have had, we've really depleted that pool of affordable buyers. And so as a result, by going down into the price range where we think we'll be in a typical market somewhere between 120 and 150 on the price point, but that truly is going to create for us a whole new pool of affordable buyers that let us expand our footprint and our revenues.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly, as interest rates rise, I think that the Express brand is even going to put us in a stronger position, because as buyers have more difficulty qualifying, just as we saw 6, 9 months ago as the 30-year mortgage moved up, then we had higher cancellation rate during that time period and was primarily because of the fact that lack of affordability. So key, I think, to expanding our business on a go-forward basis in a rising interest rate environment is to be able to offer a lower-priced but competitive, well-built house.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Certainly, on the express side, we believe we're going to be able to turn that inventory a lot faster because the cycle time on the construction side of the business is going to be significantly less and we are focusing on that -- those cycle times on Express, but also across the other price points. But if you take a look at Express in general, we are going to be offering essentially a product that's not going to require options, not going to require upgrades. It's going to be basically a turn-key operation. When those people show up, they basically are going to be able to not have to go to the design center and purchase a lot of upgrades and options because they have difficulty qualifying, so basically, it's going to be pretty much a turn-key product.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Dan, we're in an extraordinarily strong position, because as we've talked about on other conference calls, we've accumulated a very attractive land and lot position over the last couple of years. We're glad we're not on the market having to be aggressive on the land side today, because we've got built in gross margin in our existing land supply. So as a result, we assigned certain absorption level for each community, and we're going to move forward with our low cost structure, our land side and our construction side in order to meet our target.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, on the Express side, we have our targets. And 2015, it will be a much greater growth rate than what it is in 2014. I can tell you that D.R. has given us guidance in terms of where he wants to be with Express in 2015, and our goal is to hit this aggressive targets. On the land side, we're focusing right now on finished lot deals. And in terms of having to develop land for Express, we may very well have to do that. But I will remind you of our strict underlying guidelines, and we're adhering to those as we move forward even into Express. And that is our goal is when we buy piece of land, that we get our initial land expense back within 24 months, and Express will adhere to those guidelines.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Mike, we've had tremendous, as you know, pricing power over the last couple of years, and that's one of the things I think that's depleting the pool of buyers out there. So clearly, with our Express brand, we're going to try to increase that pool. But yet, at the same time, we don't see major pricing power opportunities in as many markets as what we've had in the last 2 years.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Clearly, with most of -- with approximately 60% of our annual closing is coming in the second half of the year, we are anticipating stronger SG&A performance in terms of decreasing our SG&A as a percentage of revenues in the second half of the year. So we would not be happy with a 20 bp decrease.
Donald J. Tomnitz: With our expectation that it would decrease by even more in the second half than you would infer for the year, it will also decrease by even more than the 20 basis points we've been showing.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, clearly, I think if we gain job growth in this country, which I think ultimately, we're going to experience and I think, clearly, that's where a lot of those first-time home buyers are going to come from. But I also believe strongly that as we move into this recovery, first-time home buyer is not participating at the level that a lot of our political leaders would like for them to be participating. And I think that they will see some encouragement from the government in terms of trying to get more and more people into entry level homes. So my focus is really the affordable buyer, job creation, as well as a little help in the politics.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I'm supposed to do the take-away close. We wouldn't be getting into the Express brand, if we didn't feel like that, that was the next segment of the business to recover. And clearly, I do see more favorable job growth, and I think a lot of that job growth is more on entry-level jobs and that's going to translate into entry-level buyers. So improved job growth in the country, as well as I think that we start looking at the underwriting guidelines and moving forward to try to get more people qualified, I think that we're going to get some help on the qualification side. And I think you're seeing that with several lenders today.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think the biggest thing that we're seeing is the lack of affordable buyers out there. And as we increased our prices, new pricing power over the last couple of years, as I say, we depleted that pool of the first-time homebuyer. And our goal is to have a more competitively priced product with Express. And as I said, we are focusing on, in a typical affordable market, somewhere between $120,000 and $150,000 as an average sales price. So we have not had product offerings in that price point. So I think it's more of us trying to bring those people into the market as opposed to those people being out there and being underserved and driving to qualify. I just think it's a function of there's just not the product out there for those people to qualify. And if we can get that product price point down, then I believe there are people out there who truly will buy just simply because they've been priced out of the market.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think clearly if you take a look at our West. Our West had better sales and better closings. And that's a function of us over the last year and 2 years, taking good land positions in California and just now bringing those to fruition with model grand openings. So I think that clearly helped a lot. If you look at the East, the East performed well for us. And that's because David Auld was the previous regional president for the East. And the only reason he's sitting across on this conference call table is because of his performance in the East. But we entered into a lot of rolling option and a lot of good land deals in the East during his tenure. And they were penetrating those markets deeper. And we expect to continue to do that. The South, on the other hand, it's been strong all during the downturn, and it continues to be strong. But it's being -- to our credit, the South is being outpaced, as we always said, by the East and the West. And we said that will be a great position for this company to be in because the South region held us up and supported us during the downturn. And as Rick Horton said, the best thing that could ever happen to him is for the East and West to take the pressure off of him. So they are doing that today. And we're in a great position.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think most of the jobs being created in this country, Steve, are entry-level jobs. And as a result, just by definition, I think they're having to save a lot longer. I think the other thing that I was talking about earlier, the help from the political side, is with the high student loan debt that these people get, these college kids are graduating, young adults are graduating. And there's work on the political side that would help relieve them of some of that burden with the college debt. So as a result, even though they are graduating from college, many of them have had difficulty finding higher-paying jobs. And secondly, they're burdened with typically $26,000 with the student debt. So a function of getting them that entry-level job, which is pretty much a lot of them having to go into at perhaps a lower salary than what they expected, and some relief on the student loan debt, I think, that pool begins to grow.
Donald J. Tomnitz: As I'd like to say, I watch too much Fox News. But on Fox Business News yesterday, there was a discussion on that. And I just caught the headline as I was walking by the conference room. So I don't know specifically about that, but there was a discussion yesterday on that in terms of how they can work with the people who have the college debt. I don't know whether that's forgiveness, forbearance or whatever. But I think you're going to have some relief.
Donald J. Tomnitz: We are clearly focused on one thing on the land side, I assure you. And that is how do we get our initial investment on our land back within a 24-month period. And that's going to apply to all 3 brands.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, obviously, D.R. started in Texas in 1978. And I will tell you, you can go to almost any community and turn the corner, and there are multiple builder signs on every corner, 20 to 30. So Texas is one of the most competitive markets, but it also has few barriers to entry. And that's one of the things that makes it so attractive, and that is that land prices are still competitively priced, so we can deliver a competitive lot. And there's ease of entry in terms of not having to go through, as we do in a number of markets, a 2- to 3-year entitlement period. Most of our land, we can get entitled and plotted within a period of 6 months or less. And there are adequate general contractors to develop lots down here. So in general, we think Texas has been a strong market. It's a very competitive market. We continue to lead every market in Texas. One of the things we're most proud of recently is that we're on our way to being #1 in the Houston market. We've been in the Dallas/Fort Worth market #1. And we're focusing on San Antonio and Austin. And I'll tell you that all of those markets are very, very strong for us and we're very competitive in those markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think it's a good housing market because of the strong economy and as well as it's a great place to live with the people coming in and being able to buy a nice house that's affordable. And land prices are competitive. So there's no income tax in the state of Texas, so there are a lot of attractive reasons and the weather is great here. So I don't know why. There aren't many states that are as centrally-located with as many attributes as the state of Texas has. I mean, we've been a leader in Texas, and we'll continue to be the leader in Texas as we move forward.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think we said it all when we said we are focusing on being the leading luxury builder in the U.S. And we anticipate that, that's a good growth segment for us and very profitable growth segment for us. But we're expanding it where it makes sense. And just like we said on the Express side, we started slow, dipping our toe in the water. And we found a great success in that market, great demand for our product out there. And the product line that we're offering is extraordinary in terms of finish out and quality of homes. So we expect Emerald to continue to be a bigger and bigger portion of our business. And as I said, our focus is how do we become the leading luxury builder in the U.S.
Donald J. Tomnitz: And we thought it was abnormal that we had an 80% backlog conversion in the second quarter. But usually, second quarter is slower or lower backlog conversion than the first quarter. So I guess, our builders out there just decided to close a lot more homes in the second quarter than we anticipated.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think it's a combination of both with a lot of them are new option lot deals that we entered into. And typically, it's in a market clearly where we've already been building the D.R. Horton brand and we're trying to increase our affordable buyer pool in that market because we have seen people coming into our model homes in the D.R. Horton brand, who can't qualify because of the pricing power that we had over the last couple of years. So primarily, it's expanding and supplementing our existing markets.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Actually, we've heard the same thing you've heard on the media over the course over the last 60 to 90 days. We, from our mortgage company perspective, don't see a lot of institutions willing to buy that kind of paper. So as a result, it's limited from that perspective.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Very, very limited. And thank goodness for our strong balance sheet because, frankly, as we've worked through that supply of finished lots that were generated in '07, '08 and '09, we've had to begin developing obviously. It takes a strong balance sheet to be able to do that. Clearly, that small builder, small developer, not back in the business because of lack of capital.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we have a policy at D.R. Horton. And it's a sincere policy. And that is we don't want our division presidents to give us a weather report. And so we're not really -- we work with our broad geographic footprint to the extent that we did have weather-related issues is really a nonevent.
Donald J. Tomnitz: I think costs are going to continue to increase. We are fortunate that we have a lot of volume in most of our markets so that we can be more competitive with our subcontractors on the cost side. But clearly, labor is one of the cost components that's going up. And lumber, I don't think is going to come down nearly as much as what it did last year. It seems like it's going to hang high at where it is currently right now. But it's a day-to-day process for our purchasing managers to work with our vendors and our suppliers and our trades out there to get the benefit of the volume that we can offer our vendors and our trades.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, I think it's a different type of marketing. I know that as you clearly are trying to attract the entry-level buyer, a lot of them living in apartments. And so we try to do a special marketing with the apartment complexes that are near us. And another potential pool are the people living with their -- the college graduates and others that are living with their parents. And I think we do that primarily through realtors. I also believe that our Express brand, that it's going to be easier for perhaps parents to help their children get into homes because they could help them a lot easier with a lower price point, as we have, with the Express brand than they can in a standard price that's with D.R. Horton. So I look at both those avenues as trying to get with the realtors to make sure that the parents or the kids who are living at home, we can attract them with a lower price point as well as focusing on those apartments.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Well, we don't -- I don't really want to comment on the stock buyback. I do know one thing on our business that's pretty general. And that is our focus is how do we get to a free cash flow position. And I think, Alex, if we adhere to our business plan that David is helping us implement, I think that we'll clearly get to a free cash flow position. And when we get to a free cash flow position, we're going to be in a position to do a lot of things. And one of them will be perhaps buying back our stock. But the key is how do we get to that free cash flow.
Donald J. Tomnitz: Thank you. And thank you for joining this call. D.R. and I and David want to thank everybody in the field because we had one heck of a quarter, as you know, and we turned in a sterling performance in the month of March, and we appreciate that. The key is how do we go forward, execute the business plan in Q3 and Q4 and deliver a very, very outstanding year for us in 2014. We're welcomed to have David onboard. He's a good addition to the 38th floor up here. And we've got a great team of people here as well as in the field. So thank you very much. And as I say, execute the competition and don't take any prisoners.
Bill W. Wheat: And as you know, David, we're always very focused on our execution and our operation of the business controlling our cost, and we're always focused on sales. So I think that's just been a hallmark, a consistent aspect of our approach to the business.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, our spec strategy is still clearly at a very important part of our business. We're getting closer back to a more normal environment as pricing power is still there in some markets, but it's not across the board as much as it was. And so today, our spec margins are more in line with our dirt margins. And over time, we would expect that our build jobs will have slightly higher margins than our specs.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, Mike, we've taken a very targeted approach to incentives. That's community by community. Each community has their sales absorption plans and they make sure that they are meeting the market, meeting the competition to hit those plans, so they need to add some incentives, they do. In general, we saw a very slight increase in our incentives over the quarter, but we really expected to see that. Some markets increased incentives, some did not. We're still seeing many markets where we're increasing prices and incentives are still very low. So it really is in line with our overall assessment of the market is that the market is improving very differently from market to market. In some markets will see incentives, and some we will not.
Bill W. Wheat: For the quarter, it was a slight increase on the margin. And of course, that's coming off a very low incentive levels a year ago, abnormally low incentive levels a year ago. So really, we just view that we're coming back to a more normal level where community-by-community basis, some having incentives, some do not.
Bill W. Wheat: So the primary driver would be increased volumes. As you well know, our long-term target on SG&A is 10%. We're working our way there, but we're not there yet. But as volumes increase, we would expect to get there. There's always places that we can continue to get more efficient throughout our company, we continue to focus on that. But we would believe that the larger driver of those efficiencies going forward would be volume increases.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, we will expect much higher absorptions in those communities, and so certainly in a high much higher absorption, you can take a slightly higher margin and you'll see as good or better returns in entry level community.
Bill W. Wheat: No, no, we're not really saying that we expect margins to go down. What we're saying is we expect any further significant increases to be challenging. We really don't expect significant increases or really any significant decreases in margins, but we feel like they'll operate in a range similar to where we've been the last few quarters, including this quarter. Obviously, there is a number of -- there are number of factors that could push margins up or compress margins on an individual quarter. We expect some fluctuation from quarter-to-quarter. But in general, we expect to stay in the same range we are right now.
Bill W. Wheat: We are focused first and foremost on returns. We have achieved a lot of pricing power, a lot of operating margin, improvement over the last couple of years. Now we're focusing on maintaining that, improving our volumes to drive stronger returns. So continuing to increase to strengthen our returns versus where we've been.
Bill W. Wheat: It's hard to make it a call quarter-to-quarters. But in a specific discrete time because of mix changes and things like that. But we said consistently that we do expect -- we still expect further price increases, but we expect it to moderate down into the single-digits. Whether that will occur in Q3 or Q4 or sometime in fiscal '15, we can't tell you. But we do expect it to moderate back to the single-digits.
Bill W. Wheat: It will be both, Stephen. There are some properties we have that we can bring out. And it will be a good fit for Express. But then there's also finished lots out there in areas that have been underserved that because there hasn't been anybody out there building this kind of product that are available to us as well. So we will look at all sources. But yes, it will help us a little bit on our land held piece, too.
Bill W. Wheat: I think that there's recognition that it's an issue and it is holding back economic growth, I think there's a general sentiment that there will be some improvement or help along the way.
Bill W. Wheat: That owned and controlled position of 170,000 lots, that will support much higher revenues than what we're generating today. So we believe that we can increase our revenues on the lot supply we have. And then if we need to augment it -- so at some point down the line, we will. But today, we feel like we're in good position.
Bill W. Wheat: But even just to replenish our lot supply, there's still a significant spend. They're still on pace of a $2 billion year in terms of land act and land development, just to replenish and keep our lot supply where it is. And so this is not that we're not investing, we're just not necessarily growing our investment from the current level right now.
Bill W. Wheat: We think we've absorbed most of it, thus far. Obviously, we don't -- we can't tell what the future holds. But we certainly are encouraged when our volume is going up. And typically, in the quarters, when we have higher volume in our financial services segment, we'll see a better operating margin. And so Q3 and Q4 typically will show a better margin than we do in Q1 and Q2.
Bill W. Wheat: On a year-over-year basis, our revenues per square foot were up 9%. We usually talk about our vertical costs, our vertical's stick and brick costs during the quarter on a per square basis were up 10%. So essentially, our costs and our revenues increased at about the same rate on a per square foot basis. Now in aggregate per unit, revenue still exceeded our cost increases.
Jessica Hansen: Yes. So in terms of what we're seeing today, we're only 3 weeks into April, so we really don't have a whole lot to share, but we would expect our strongest sales quarters to be our fiscal second and third quarters of the year. So with our positioning, we would expect to have a strong Q3.
Jessica Hansen: We're continuing to do what we would do on a day-to-day basis, which is meet the market on a community-by-community basis and do what we need to do to hit our targeted absorption.
Jessica Hansen: Yes. There definitely is seasonality, Jade, to our backlog conversion rate. As we said earlier, we'd expect it to be around 75% in our third quarter, which really is our historical average at this point, if you look over the last 10 years. And then traditionally, our fourth quarter would be a higher backlog conversion rate than our third quarter. With as many homes that we sell and close in the same quarter, it's hard for us to give you guidance much further out than the next quarter. But yes, I think we'd expect our backlog conversion rate to increase somewhat in the fourth quarter from whatever we end up doing in the third quarter.
Jessica Hansen: I think in the back half of the year, yes. And in the first half of the year, seasonally, it's usually a little bit lighter.
