Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Holly and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. Before we get started, today's call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call, and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton's Annual Report on Form 10-K which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning's earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com and we plan to file our 10-Q later this week. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the presentations section under News & Events for your reference. Now I will turn the call over to Paul Romanowski, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Forestar, our majority owned residential lot development company, reported revenues of $306 million for the first quarter on 3,150 lots sold with pretax income of $51 million. Forestar’s owned and controlled lot position at December 31st was 82,400 lots. 61% of Forestar's owned lots are under contract with or subject to a right of first offer to D.R. Horton. $270 million of our finished lots purchased in the first quarter were from Forestar Forestar had more than $840 million of liquidity at quarter end with a net debt to capital ratio of 14.9%. Forestar remains uniquely positioned to capitalize on the shortage of finished lots for the home building industry and to aggregate significant market share over the next few years with its strong balance sheet, lot supply, and relationship with D.R. Horton. Mike.
Jessica Hansen: Although volatility in mortgage rates and changes in economic conditions could significantly impact our business, for the second quarter we currently expect to generate consolidated revenues of $8.1 billion to $8.3 billion and homes closed by our homebuilding operations to be in the range of 20,000 to 20,500 homes. We expect our home sales gross margin in the second quarter to be approximately 22.6% to 23.1% and home building SG&A as a percentage of revenues to be in the range of 7.5% to 7.7%. We anticipate a financial services pretax profit margin of around 30% to 35% in the second quarter, and we expect our quarterly income tax rate to be approximately 23.5% to 24%.  We are well positioned to continue consolidating market share in all of our operations. Our full year fiscal 2024 revenue, pricing, and margins in our home building, rental, financial services, and Forestar businesses will be determined by market conditions and the strength of the Spring selling season in addition to our efforts to meet demand by balancing pace and price to maximize returns. For the full year of fiscal 2024, we now expect to generate consolidated revenues of approximately $36 billion to $37.3 billion and expect homes closed by our homebuilding operations to be in the range of 87,000 to 90,000 homes. We expect to generate approximately $3 billion of cash flow from our homebuilding operations. We also plan to repurchase approximately $1.5 billion of our common stock to continue reducing our outstanding share count in addition to annual dividend payments of around $400 million.  Finally, we now expect an income tax rate for fiscal 2024 of approximately 24%. We remain focused on balancing our cash flow utilization priorities to grow our operations, pay an increased dividend and consistently repurchase shares while maintaining strong liquidity and conservative leverage. Paul.
Jessica Hansen: Yes, Steve, that's correct. For the second quarter, $8.1 billion to $8.3 billion of consolidated revenues and closing to 20,000 to 20,500 homes. And in terms of home sales gross margin, you're also correct that 100 basis points of the impact was due to the rate buy downs that we've been offering and adjustments we had to make to that position during the quarter on a sequential basis. But what we've guided to for Q2 versus Q1 is relatively flat in terms of a 22.6% to 23.1% gross margin in Q2 versus the 22.9% that we posted this quarter.
Jessica Hansen: And if you were to exclude that charge, we would have landed in the gross margin that we had guided to for the quarter, that was really the reason that we came in below.
Jessica Hansen: And in terms of the overall capital allocation, as you already alluded to, we did guide to the $1.5 billion of common stock. We've got the annual dividend payments of $400 million. We also have a sizable debt maturity that's very early in fiscal 2025 of $500 million in October. So too early to say what we're going to do with that, and we're very focused on maintaining conservative leverage and we'll see as we get closer, but that is something we're going to be prepared to potentially pay out of cash if we don't feel like the market is right to go refi that.
Jessica Hansen: Pretty similar to what we said last quarter. That was a year-over-year comp. And so we still were up low double digits on a year-over-year basis, and it did continue to have a little bit of geographic mix. But I would say, stripping out geography, our lot cost on a year-over-year basis probably are up high single digit. And until we cycle an entire year, it probably stays that way, and then it would moderate in terms of year-over-year because it's certainly less than that on a sequential basis.
Jessica Hansen: And that $65 million mark-to-market is in cost of goods sold, whereas the just standard routine interest rate offering does net against revenue and flows through our ASP. But the $65 million specifically is in cost of goods.
Jessica Hansen: And all of that continues to be managed market by market, community by community based on what our local operators are seeing and believe it's the best to drive the strongest returns. I mean, even with a little bit of giveback in our gross margin, our improved cycle times and what we're going to turn this year in terms of inventory is way more important to our bottom line and the returns we're going to generate than giving up a little bit of gross margin and still being at roughly 23%.
Jessica Hansen: But great point, Truman, and that when we think about overall industry constraints, finished lots are going to continue to be an issue in terms of builders being able to put more houses on the ground today. It's not getting any easier to put a finish lot on the ground and so we continue to have a focus on building out our lot position and our relationships with third-party developers to make sure we're positioned for growth. But when we think about the biggest constraints to the industry overall, it definitely starts with finished lots.
Jessica Hansen: And it was really restructuring so it could be used, not that we weren't going to fulfill the pool. We just had to restructure it so it was usable.
Jessica Hansen: We're probably up, call it, roughly 10% sequentially in terms of the take rate on that buy downs. So we were in the 70s and now we'd be in the 80% range of the buyers that utilize our mortgage company. So the 60% you said was on our overall business, so say 60% to roughly 70% of buyers took that this quarter.
Jessica Hansen: We were just over four months this quarter, Reese. And when we think about our historical norm, it really is right at that four months in terms of start to complete, and then there's an additional time from complete to close. That's down from seven months a year ago. So a very substantial improvement in terms of year-over-year basis. Sequentially, it improved by about 10 days. So when we think about further improvements from here, they're not large moved, they're just continued improvements on average. So where hopefully, we can get below four months but that's not something that we expect to drive from 4 to 2.
Jessica Hansen: So our square footage was down again about 3% year-over-year. It was relatively flat sequentially, but we would expect just continued gradual moves down from a mix shift perspective in terms of average square footage.
Michael J. Murray: Financial services earned $66 million of pretax income in the first quarter on $193 million of revenues resulting in a pretax profit margin of 34.3%. During the first quarter essentially all of our mortgage company's loan originations related to homes closed by our home building operations, and our mortgage company handled the financing for 78% of our buyers. FHA and VA loans accounted for 57% of the mortgage company's volume. Borrowers originating loans with DHI Mortgages this quarter had an average FICO score of 724 and an average loan to value ratio of 88%. First time home buyers represented 56% of the closings handled by our mortgage company this quarter. Bill.
Michael J. Murray: Steve, when we look at our land position, we feel that the forward one year's roughly supply of land that we own is important to maintain the production velocity in our neighborhoods. Bringing that down significantly is going to be incremental because it's going to be with more developers providing finished lots for us versus self-development. And I think we're back up to 76% controlled which is up from where it's been in the past few quarters. So we're going to continue to incrementally look to control more land and acquire lots that are being finished by others, but we will still need to maintain a supply of land on our balance sheet, lots primarily on our balance sheet to feed the production.
Michael J. Murray: And the rental inventory, we'll probably invest in some during fiscal 2024 to grow that platform. It's getting closer to a good sustainable volume that will produce consistent revenues and profits quarter-to-quarter, but it's still in the growth mode.
Michael J. Murray: There were two very significant moves in interest rates in the quarter. They went up significantly in the middle of the quarter, and they came down significantly to the end of the quarter. Kind of a very unique dynamic that we have not experienced. That's what led to the mark-to-market adjustment being more severe than it's been in prior quarters.
Michael J. Murray: Little headwind on the community count market growth, but a little tailwind in Q2 on the equity comp position recognizing that in Q1 versus Q2.
Michael J. Murray: We've been very focused on creating a quarter-to-quarter consistent starts plan where we're feeding our neighborhoods with lots that are available in front of us and making sure we have those lots supplied and secured to us. At the same time, we've made a tremendous amount of progress reducing our cycle times and coming back to sort of our historical norms of around four months from starting a home to completion. And so that's giving us much greater flexibility going into this year with the strong finished lot position we currently have, combined with the reduced cycle times, we're able to reduce our homes in inventory and still deliver a closing target that's going to be at or in excess of our two times beginning of the year housing terms. So we really feel good about what's happened there. As to what the upside top side is where the bottlenecks would come in, hard to speculate on where that would be. We feel really good about our lot position, neighborhood by neighborhood and the trade partnerships that we have and the supplier relationships that we have, they've been very supportive of us.
Michael J. Murray: I think it's pretty consistent across the board. We're feeling really good across all of our offerings. I mean as 55% to 56% of our deliveries have been to first-time homebuyers, that's generally where we've kind of geared our neighborhoods that we're positioning and the product that we're positioning with that. I think 70% of our deliveries were at $400,000 or less, which for us is maintaining a focus on affordability and a payment that works for people in their monthly budget. Hence, we've used the interest rate buy downs quite a bit. But feel really good. Coming out in January does not make a quarter or a Spring selling season, but we're very encouraged by the early trends in January and are excited for what the spring is going to hold.
Michael J. Murray: Even with the decline in existing home sales, they're still three to four times larger of a market transaction volume than new home sales. So we've always tried to position ourselves to compete against those homes rather than just other new home providers.
Michael J. Murray: We're allowing -- we're not restricting the sale of homes. Seasonally, you'll see the completed spec inventory, the completed home inventory tick up through the fall and be positioned that we have houses available for quick deliveries beginning in January for the Spring selling season. So we're able to deliver the homes that people are coming in and needing in 30 or 60 days. At the same time, with the compressed cycle times, as Paul mentioned, we are very comfortable selling and locking a rate in for a buyer earlier in the production process than we were a year ago for sure.
Michael J. Murray: Certainly we have seen that with the change in the capital markets, that demand environment became much choppier last year. But we still had institutional buyers that were anxious to get the product we were delivering to the market, and they continue to be so. We delivered projects in the first quarter, we expect to deliver more in the second quarter and then throughout the year with the pipeline that's there. I mean, for us, it's a strategy to help us derisk land positions and more rapidly monetize our land portfolio. And so we are still seeing good demand for the product, good demand on the rentals and the lease-ups when we're taking the stabilization process on and continue to expect that to become a growing part of our business.
Michael J. Murray: I think, Susan, that we're continually looking to provide affordable homes that hit a payment that's going to work in the monthly budget for our buyers. And that is what's oftentimes overlooked, especially by the smaller markets, a lot of the builders that are currently existing have capital constraints on what they're able to build and start. And so they're looking generally to maximize revenue per lot or margin per lot and go with the lower volume. And so they're leaving that first-time homebuyer, that family that needs a more affordable home, kind of not really their target. So that's the target customer we seek out and we see good results when we go into a new market, greenfield a new market and focus on the affordable price points.
Michael J. Murray: I think there's lots of reasons people are out looking for houses, but ultimately, they need a house, and we're seeing both good traffic and good convergence early in the Spring. And so we have set up operating plan for the year. And so far, we feel really good about how the market is responding to that.
Michael J. Murray: Product selection, generally, they'll buy a smaller home to make the payment work. And sometimes that's within an existing neighborhood or moving to a different neighborhood that's offering a smaller set of plans.
Bill W. Wheat: Our balanced capital approach focuses on being disciplined, flexible, and opportunistic to support and to sustain an operating platform that produces consistent returns, growth, and cash flow. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet with low leverage and significant liquidity, which provides us with flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions. During the first three months of the year, our consolidated cash used in operations was $153 million. At December 31st, we had $6.4 billion of consolidated liquidity consisting of $3.3 billion of cash and $3.1 billion of available capacity on our credit facilities.  Debt at the end of the quarter totaled $5.3 billion with no senior note maturities in fiscal 2024. Our consolidated leverage at December 31st was 18.6% and consolidated leverage net of cash was 7.8%. At December 31st, our stockholder's equity was $23.2 billion, and book value per share was $69.70, up 19% from a year ago. For the trailing 12 months ended December, our return on equity was 21.8%, and our consolidated return on assets was 14.8%. During the quarter, we paid cash dividends of approximately $100 million, and our Board has declared a quarterly dividend at the same level to be paid in February. We repurchased 3.3 million shares of common stock for $398 million during the quarter. Jessica.
Bill W. Wheat: Steve, this quarter is the first time that, that amount has been significant at all. It is essentially adjusting the valuation of our hedging positions that we have in place to offer our programmatic rate buy downs across the country, and it's typically a very small move either up or down. But this quarter, given the significant volatility in rates during the quarter, of course, mortgage rates moved up to 8% in November and then dropped sharply in December, those hedging positions had to be adjusted to reflect that. So it was an unusual situation this quarter. Generally, we don't plan for any significant move one way or the other.
Bill W. Wheat: Sure. Yes. The first factor this quarter, we could point to our 14% increase in our average selling community. So that's obviously a significant increase, and our SG&A is up 14% this quarter year-over-year as well. So that's a bigger move than we have had in a while that's positioning us to be able to provide the increased guidance, and you have seen our market count increase over the last several years. Obviously, we expect in time to achieve some leverage on that. And as we grow our revenues, we would expect our SG&A to come back down to historic levels. But I think we've got a couple of quarters here where we're going to see our SG&A little bit higher as a percentage of revenues, primarily driven by that.  This quarter, we have one additional factor and really, it's just a timing factor in terms of the impact of equity and stock-based comp. We typically have an amount that we incurred typically in our second quarter or third quarter, but the timing of some grants this year were a little bit earlier into our first quarter. And so there's an amount of roughly $13 million that it was incurred in Q1 of this quarter that typically would be a Q2 or Q3 event.
Bill W. Wheat: Well, it starts with -- we sold homes with an increased level of incentives while rates were higher during Q1, and some of those closed in December, but there are still a number of them that will be closing in Q2. And so far on a core basis, we still are entering the quarter a little bit lower margin than what the average presents. And so that's -- but obviously, rates have dropped, and so those incentive costs are a bit lower in the later sales. And so on balance, we expect we should be able to hold margins around the current levels, excluding the hedging going forward.
Bill W. Wheat: Joe, the charge -- the amount of the charge was $65 million approximately, and that's basically what hit during the quarter. In terms of our position, outstanding. We believe that our position is -- reflects the current market and the valuation adjustment in the December quarter takes care of all of it. There's always some sensitivity. We always have some hedging position outstanding. And so anytime there is a significant sudden change in rates that can leave some exposure there obviously, the opposite side of that is the benefits to the business. When rates drop, obviously, that improves affordability and improves our ability to sell at a price point in the core business. And so what this hedging position allows us to do is offer below market rates on a consistent basis on a broad basis across our business. And like we said, we try to manage that as best as we can, but in a period of significant sudden volatility, there can be some exposure to the position.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes, the last part first. Yes, our broker commissions are in and our gross margins are in our cost of goods sold. So that's not part of the equation. And I think your general commentary there is fair. We only provide specific SG&A guidance one quarter out. But generally, our expectation over the longer term is that we would get back to a similar SG&A level as last year and beyond. So I think it is a phenomenon here for a couple of quarters where we're guiding a little bit higher than last year.
Bill W. Wheat: And we're also -- also ASP is down year-over-year. And so it's always a little bit more of a headwind on a percentage basis for SG&A when ASPs are down.
Bill W. Wheat: Yes. We provided guidance one quarter out so we've guided to 22.6% to 23.1%. So essentially straddling the GAAP margin that we reported in Q1. Coming into Q2, the closings that we will have early in the quarter are at the -- probably the low end of that range, maybe even a little below that. But then later in the quarter, margins are improving because of the cost of buy downs after rates have dropped is lower. And so -- but on average, that's -- we believe that, that will balance out to a margin in the 22.6% to 23.1% range. What will occur after that we can't really comment. It's really going to be a matter of what’s the strength of the Spring selling season, what does demand look like through the Spring and what happens with mortgage rates. And so -- but on average, that's where we believe things will fall for margins in Q2.
Bill W. Wheat: No, you've described it exactly. We typically will buy those forward commitment pools really for the next few weeks of deliveries essentially is the plan. We're not going out very far, but it is a few weeks and so that's when we say a very sudden sharp change in rates, that can present some exposure there, but it has not occurred in the past, but the circumstances this quarter were pretty unusual in terms of the significance and the suddenness of the rate moves.
Bill W. Wheat: And then at the end of the quarter, we always have to mark-to-market the value at the end of the quarter. So that's always a factor there as well.
Bill W. Wheat: Sure, yes. I mean our returns are in line with our plans, and our divisions are out there executing on their plans, their start plans week-to-week, month-to-month and deliver the homes that we expected to this quarter, plus a few hundred more. And so as we enter the Spring, we're continuing with that and very consistent with our expectations from an inventory turn standpoint and a return on our assets, our investments in inventory.
Bill W. Wheat: And as we consistently look to position ourselves to grow, we would certainly love one position ourselves to grow fiscal 2025 over fiscal 2024. So we would expect our inventory at the end of the year to be a little higher than it was at the start of the year with the expectation of turning it a little more than two times in fiscal 2025.
Bill W. Wheat: Susan, from the size and scale of our business today and the volume that we have in terms of just our constant production of inventory, the cash balance we have on the balance sheet today is in the range of where we'd like to be. So cash across our business segments and the availability under our credit facilities. We would like to maintain the current level and as we scale up over time, we'd incrementally increase that level over time. With our plans this year and our guidance on share repurchase in fiscal 2024, we are increasing our share repurchase by 25% this year from $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion, and that's just part of our plan to be consistent with our distributions to shareholders as well, increased our dividend this year as well, expect to spend $400 million on dividends this year. And so that is an increase over last year and our plan would be to -- as we continue to scale the business, continue to be able to increase incrementally those repurchases and dividend levels.
Paul J. Romanowski: In closing, our results and position reflect our experienced teams, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint, and diverse product offerings. All of these are key components of our operating platform that sustain our ability to produce consistent returns, growth, and cash flow while continuing to aggregate market share. We will maintain our disciplined approach to investing capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton family of employees, land developers, trade partners, vendors, and real estate agents for your continued focus and hard work. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
Paul J. Romanowski: Yes, Carl. We still today look at -- continually look at acquisitions. And for us, we're more interested in the smaller tuck-in builders that may add to our market share in an existing market or give us some entry, but we do always have that opportunity to greenfield those. I don't see on the horizon, a significant large acquisition. Certainly, the acquisition that you're referring to make some sense. We speak to scale a lot in market share, and that makes some sense to us. But today, we're going to continue to look at those as they come available, but no significant shift in what you've seen us do over the last couple of years.
Paul J. Romanowski: Yes, we're seeing some relative flatness in our cost side of the business and would expect to see similar all things stay consistent through the next quarter. Certainly, with the encouraging signs early in to January, it's possible that we see some increase in starts from all of our peers. That could put pressure on labor and on materials, which could cause some headwinds or some increase in the cost side.
Paul J. Romanowski: And we still sell a large portion of our homes inter-quarter. So 35% to 40% is our kind of historical average. And so those are being sold now and as we look through the quarter and into the Spring selling season. So certainly, as the Spring selling season emerges and continues, it's going to give us better visibility as we look towards the end of this quarter in to 3Q.
Paul J. Romanowski: Truman, I think that as we look at this today, it's still very early. And for us, consistency of activity has been important. So we haven't made any significant changes in our incentives if the market gives this to us, and we continue to see the early encouragement that we are, then we'll respond to the market in kind. If rates continue to stay up, then we'll need to lift our rate offerings like we've done in the past and will fluctuate as those rates move. Still it has been our best incentive is the rate buy down and consistency of rate, consistency of payment to our buyers as they shop in market.
Paul J. Romanowski: I think we have made adjustments as the market has shifted over the last 12 to 18 months and feel comfortable with our trajectory and the product offering that we have. Certainly, as you look across our communities, they're going to trend inside of the product offering that we have based on rate and monthly payment environment, whether that means that they're buying up in size or down in size. But we feel like we have a good offering across our markets, and we'll continue to stay as we need to respond to a monthly payment and interest rates and provide affordable opportunities across all of our platforms.
Paul J. Romanowski: I think today, we are still seeing people looking for closing with certainty of close date and in that 30 to 60-day time frame based on their ability to lock in interest rate. And so I don't know that we've seen much significant shift from the build-to-order builders being able to deliver a presale into those time frames. We are very comfortable with our inventory position, both in the total homes and in a completed home scenario. It's continued to play into the shortness of resale inventory across our markets and I don't expect a significant change for us. We're going to continue to stay focused on inventory sales and consistent production community.
Paul J. Romanowski: The timing of that sale has been able to move up earlier in our stage of construction just because we have gotten back to our historical norms of months of delivery of our houses.
Paul J. Romanowski: And the use of those rate buy downs is not just new to us over the last 12 months. We've been 24-plus months utilizing that incentive. So I believe on a go-forward basis, staying competitive to not only the new home market, but especially to the resale market for us, and the ability to have a lower monthly payment for same cost of home is advantageous. So we have no plan in the near-term to stop utilizing it even if we see rates shift down.
Paul J. Romanowski: Yes, Ken, as you look at our past year plus starts space, it has been inconsistent and a lot of that has been in response to the market, in response to the elongation of cycle times and then further reduction of cycle times. As you look at our inventory today and our guide to basically turn a little more than two times that inventory, we can expect to see consistent and sustainable starts expansion over the next few quarters. We want to maintain the level of inventory that we have and be in a position as we respond to the Spring selling season to stay consistent with our starts, but we do need to grow our starts consistently quarter-to-quarter over the remainder of the year.
Paul J. Romanowski: For us, we are set in terms of our consistent delivery of loss into our starts plan. And so that plan is in place for us as we look 12 months out. We have not seen much reduction in development costs and wouldn't expect with the shortness of lots across the industry that we're going to see, and we're not anticipating much reduction in either the labor side or the supply side, product side of the components that go into developing lots. But we have a plan that we have stuck to and are consistent with, we feel good about our lot position in the near term and as we look next year or two out.
Paul J. Romanowski: Thank you, Holly. We appreciate everyone's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our second quarter results in April. Congratulations to the entire D.R. Horton family on producing a solid first quarter. We're proud to represent you on this call and appreciate all that you do.
