Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Holly, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal 2022. Before we get started, today’s call includes forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligations to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about factors that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and it’s most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, both of which are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q in the next day or two. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News and Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Carl. We put out pretty much what we're going to say about Vidler in the press release in terms of the owning a portfolio of premium on rights and other water-related assets across several of our Southwest markets that generally lack adequate supply. We mentioned the total value of the transaction approximately $290 million and we do expect it to close in the next month or two. But considering it's subject to the successful completion of a tender offer, we don't have much to say at this time and I look forward to talking about that in coming quarters after it closes.
Jessica Hansen: Yes. So I looked at it actually on a forward-looking basis, and we have essentially our next month, so April, 100% locked. And then as you would expect, that percentage ticks down, but it's the majority of the quarter's closing that are locked and you got to get to four-plus months out before that's a more de minimis percentage.
Jessica Hansen: And at a 40% to 50%-plus margin on these sales if the market were to soften a bit, we still expect to generate very strong profits and returns.
Jessica Hansen: Sure, Anthony. I mean we look at a 1% change in our cancellation rate is essentially flat. It's still abnormally low -- historically low. We typically run in the high teens to low 20s. And that's a can rate we're very comfortable running at. The main reason continues to be that buyers can't ultimately qualify for the home purchase. So, that 15%, 16%, 17% wherever it falls out each quarter, really no concerns from us on that end. In terms of rate sensitivity analysis, we did run the same sensitivity as we've talked to each of the last few quarters. I think rates have already kind of run up to where that was run at a couple of weeks ago, as we prepped for this call, but it had only ticked up to, call it, roughly 10% of buyers and backlog today would be at risk. As I mentioned earlier in answer to another question, all of April is already rate locked if they're going through a mortgage company. So, that piece wouldn't be at risk. And then we also would work to look to move people from a different loan product or see if they could document additional income. And then to kind of second some things that the guys have already said today, for those buyers that do unfortunately fall out because they can't qualify, there's no shortage of buyers behind them to take their place.
Jessica Hansen: It really was relatively flat throughout the quarter, give or take, a 1% change. So sequentially, we were -- I guess, we were both a year ago and in the last quarter, we were at 15%. This quarter, we were at 16%, and it was right around that range for the duration of the court.
Jessica Hansen: Yes, I think we would agree with you on the Omicron front. I mean there's certainly still labor challenges in labor and manufacturing facilities, distribution centers, it's still harder to come by, but it does seem to be slightly improving. Drivers continue to be a really big area of need to be able to get products to job sites. In terms of if we're baking in any incremental improvement in our build times. I think, I would tell you for us to achieve the high end of our guidance range. And certainly to do any more of that, we would need to see improvement in our build times from what we've seen today. But we do feel like we're maybe in the early stages of that to where we felt comfortable still, although we lowered our closings guide. We did leave 90 in the range of closing 88 to 90 because we have the houses. It's just a matter of getting them completed and across the finish line with the buyer.
Jessica Hansen: It's -- when our homes are going to be completed and the ability to close those in what quarter, yes, there's no transition to build for rent in those numbers. We've kept our homebuilding for-sale completely separate from what we're reporting on a rental basis.
Jessica Hansen: And organic growth in our core markets is still going to be the biggest driver, but we did add a few more new markets to our market count this quarter. We're now in 104 markets and have another list of markets behind that that we're planning to expand into as well.
David Auld: In closing, our results and positions reflect our experienced teams and production capabilities, industry leading market share, broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings across our multiple brands. Our strong balance sheet, liquidity and low leverage provide us with significant financial flexibility to continue aggregating market share and effectively operating in changing economic conditions. We plan to maintain our disciplined approach to invest the capital to enhance the long-term value of the company, which includes returning capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases on a consistent basis. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. We are incredibly well-positioned to continue growing and improving our operations during the remainder of 2022 and in future years. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: From the overall auction lot percentage, we have been focused on it. We're going to continue to focus on it. There is -- obviously, it's going to be capped at 100%. But our goal is just to continue to get better and more efficient. And as to Forestar, very happy with Forestar. I mean -- at some point, yes, it will deconsolidate. But there's still a lot of markets that we think we can help scale Forestar into and if you look at just the earnings we're making, our shareholders are making of Forestar. It's a very good investment and kind of not a bad place to be -- but yes, at some point, it will deconsolidate, but it's more geared toward their platform build-out than it is our desire to liquidate some percentage of our shares.
David Auld: Stephen, I think to your first question, in terms of community design, plan design, I think we are going to continue to focus the affordable range and work towards those buyers. I don't see a significant change in how we build, what we bill. But if it continues to be a push on affordability, then we'll put the appropriate homes in place. It may mean some smaller homes, but not a significant shift from where we are today. In terms of -- in our communities and in our sales offices, certainly, there is a concern from the buying public over rates, but selling later in the process like we do. We don't have as much exposure as we could if we were selling far out to the shifts and rate conditions. And that's why we've continued to restrict our sales to a later time frame, so that we're putting people in backlog at closer to the rate that they're going to close at.
David Auld: I'd say the overall land market as track the sales price of homes. So, it is good to be in a position where we control 550,000 lots at prices contracted two years ago, three years ago, four years ago and not be in a position today where we have to go buy something. So, we are looking at that. We're monitoring it. I believe liquidity is going to drive market share gains and the ability to not be at risk of credit markets and/or banks is a huge competitive advantage for us and we're going to protect that. We're going to be conservative in our land searches there are good deals out there that we put under contract this year that we will take to close. But we are not in a position where we have to go buy anything. And we're going to, I think, see a significant benefit of that as we proceed through this market.
David Auld: The rate increase is -- it's eliminating some people from the home buy experience. But we still have more people qualify buyers trying to buy homes than we can produce today. One of the things that really, I think, has impressed me back in 2018 when you saw a rapid rise in rates, demand just was significantly reduced. And then after the rate shock to -- after the rate shock was mitigated, we saw demand come back and come back strong. But through this cycle, which is in even more rapid rate increases, yes, we've had people that don't qualify anymore, but the demand side is still very strong. So just the desire to own homes, and it may be the fact that prices have escalated very fast and rents are escalating even faster than the price of new homes and all the talk about inflation and then locking in your housing costs for 20 years. I mean, it is -- home ownership is a cherished thing today. And the people coming out of the -- millennials coming out or even individuals relocating from other markets to where the growth is taking place. Its just they want to own a home, they want to lock in their housing cost, and they want to get in the neighborhoods that they can raise families in.
David Auld: I just -- I've been doing this for a long time. And the desire to own a home is, I think, kind of an American or part of the American culture. It gives you a sense of safety and a nest to build your family. So, I think the downturn in 2008, 2009, 2010 where home values were just decimated that put a big pause on the desire to own homes. I think as this cycle continues and I think it's going to continue to elongate, the housing formation, the desire to get close to neighborhood schools, all those things, it kind of returned home ownership to kind of the American dream again.  So, it's getting in a home today is harder. But it's not nearly as hard as it was when I bought my first home. So, it's it feels like it's almost a cultural shift from -- or a return to family community and I think the demand is significantly higher than the homes that can be produced. So.
David Auld: I don't know that it's going to force a larger M&A program. I do think that their inability to secure financing to move forward on different projects or even to start houses is going to open up market opportunity for us, both in our ability to aggregate market share on the home sale side and the ability to control longer and longer land positions at very favorable numbers. So, it's a -- when you look at the impact of a two-plus month expansion of our cycle time and what that's done to our liquidity, and then I understand that we are still building houses much faster than anybody else, and we started at -- and are going to continue to protect a very strong liquidity position. It's -- I got to believe there's tremendous pressure on the -- especially the private builders. And at some point, these guys have made a lot of money over their careers. And they're guaranteeing loans. And at some point, you're just not going to put everything at risk. So I do think that's going to open up market share gains for us. And we are very well-positioned to take those market -- that market when it does open.
David Auld: I think we’ll be able to produce great value at the lower end is a tremendous advantage that we have. The bar pool significantly deeper there, qualification may be a little tougher. But as kind of referenced before, people really want to buy home and especially their first home. So I see that segment of our business just continue to get stronger. And, whereas, somebody may have pushed up and price at a very low rate, which we have a lot of first-time homebuyers buying in the Horton brand, ultimately it comes down a payment. And if their desires to own home in a very, very nice community location, our competitive advantage just gets better and better.
David Auld: Thank you, Holly. We appreciate everybody's time on the call today and look forward to speaking with you again to share our third quarter results in July. And to the D.R. Horton family, Don Horton and the entire executive team, thank you and congratulate you on delivering an outstanding second quarter. We are incredibly well-positioned today. You once again have proven you are the best of the best in this industry. Thank you.
Mike Murray: Carl, I think it was all our decision to slow sales orders based on production capacity. I think we saw and continue to see very good demand and more buyers, qualified buyers out there for our homes today when we release them for sale. But we did see during the quarter that our cycle times continue to extend, and we made the decision in several of our geographies to delay the release of homes until we could give a better delivery date to those customers and provide a better experience for them in the backlog process. So we saw a very strong demand in the quarter, but we did see the cycle times elongate. I think we added two weeks this quarter, unfortunately, and we wanted to make sure we did not create more buyers in backlog with an unhappy experience.
Mike Murray: Thank you, Ivy. We do see a lot of very strong demand and strong execution on the pricing; we do not sell any of our communities at this point during the development phase. We're selling them at -- in the lease-up phase at stabilization. So, we're seeing still very good demand and very good pricing execution on those transactions that we have closed on. So, current outlook, you would expect cap rates could be affected by rising interest rates, but we're also seeing very strong leasing demand and very strong rental growth, which certainly affect cap rate outlooks.
Mike Murray: Well, I think you've got certainly municipality challenges through the entitlement process in terms of bringing new lots to the market. And we still haven't seen full return of municipalities when you're talking about permitting and/or inspection process. So, it certainly is impacting some of that as we work through the supply chain challenges and then you finally move homes on to the next stage, it is -- we do see some delays in inspections and some of the municipality services that we were seeing. So, it's certainly been part of the impact to our cycle time extension.
Mike Murray: Matt, we're very much a bottom-up community level driven company, and we're going to evaluate demand we see at each individual community and submarket and look for home starts to match that demand that our local operators are seeing. And that couples with community replacement needs in those submarkets based upon demand we see in real-time in the field. So in the near term, we'll continue to adjust starts. In the more medium term, we'll look at subdivision openings and phase sizing. And then as well as Paul touched on before, we may be adjusting some product to some smaller sizes, if that's appropriate for the given market.
Mike Murray: We really haven't made any significant shift and don't see a need to as rates rise. It's going to be more of that shock to payment for folks when they have to reset maybe the size home or price that they can then qualify for. So, we're going to catch those people that have been buying up that may fall down the price curve and/or size of home and still be able to pick them up in a majority of our communities. So, no real shift in what we're doing with any of our buyer demographics. We're still seeing strong demand, as everyone's mentioned, across the spectrum.
Mike Murray: Truman, I think on the markets, we see markets have varying levels of performance and demand, but they're all very strong. relative to where they've been. I mean certainly, the migration patterns within the country and the areas that are gaining population have incredibly strong demand, but markets across our footprint, we still see more buyer demand than we have production capacity for today. And so we're still very encouraged by that. Some of those buyers have been in the marketplace for quite a while. Others are more recent entries, but we don't have any hard data we could share with you on how exactly long they've been conducting their search.
Mike Murray: We have a plan for both businesses. One for the for-sale side of the business and one for the rent side of the business. And the change in the guidance has nothing to do with transitioning communities from one to another. It's solely dealing with completion of homes, putting the buyer into a completed good-looking house when that house is ready.
Bill Wheat: Thanks John. We're always focused on aggregating market share and we're positioning ourselves to continue to do that through any economic cycle. Certainly, at some point, impact of rates and impact of affordability will have some impact on demand, and we certainly will adjust our capital allocation at that time. But we believe we're in a strong position to continue to grow. But certainly, those impacts on demand would impact our investment decisions in land at that point in time.
Bill Wheat: Mike, we have seen consistent ability to raise prices through the quarter, seeing consistent increases in our sales order pricing that then flow through our backlog and through our closing pricing. That's what gives us the confidence to say that our margins are going to be slightly better next quarter, because we can see those sales prices coming through in our closings in the next quarter. So to date, we have not seen a change in our ability to raise prices. I think naturally as we look a little bit longer term with the impact of rates and impact of overall price increases. At some point, we would expect that to moderate. But at this point, we have not seeing any signs that as of yet.
Bill Wheat: A little bit of both, Mike. As we look at our capital allocation for the year, our expectations for how much we would utilize, I mean dollars we would utilize a share repurchase has gone up versus our prior estimates. But then certainly, the current valuation of our stock does allow us to buy more shares per dollar as well. And so it's a little bit of both, and that's allowed us to increase our estimate from 2% reduction to a 3% reduction.
Bill Wheat: Yes, it is a constant balance, Truman. We're not giving specific dollar guidance regarding our operating cash flow other than we do expect to generate positive cash flow from our homebuilding operations. On a consolidated basis, our operating cash flow also includes the investments we're making in our rental platform, which obviously are significant, increasing those by $1.5 billion this year. And then certainly one factor today that is tying up some of our capital is the extension of our build being longer than two months longer than a year ago, certainly does tie up a significant amount of capital. But certainly, we are working towards stabilizing that and improving those cycle times, which we would expect to start to bring that cash back some towards the end of fiscal 2022 and then certainly into fiscal 2023. So, it is a balance -- and as we plan our capital allocation, we plan our liquidity targets, we are just seeking to make sure we stay in as a strong and flexible position as possible to handle the -- what we see in the market today and position ourselves for further growth, aggregation and market share and generating returns to our shareholders.
Bill Wheat: Yes, Deepa, we do only guide one quarter out on gross margin, but I would agree with you that currently, we do have some tailwinds with the average prices that have been in our backlog and in our recent sales orders that, some of which will be homes that would close into Q4. I think we do have some tailwinds. But as we've said many times, our true visibility to margin really doesn't go far beyond the quarter. So we only guide specifically to Q3. But we do feel like we're still going to see very good gross margins through Q4 as well.
Bill Wheat: Thank you, Sue. Obviously, an important part of our culture and our business model. We are very focused on ensuring that we stay very efficient with our overhead, while still making sure we're building our overhead and our infrastructure to support the growth. But with the price appreciation that we've seen alongside that that has certainly aided in dropping the SG&A percentage as a percentage of revenue a bit faster, and then honestly, than we would have modeled as well. And so we've been very pleased with that. Certainly, we want to make sure we continue to position ourselves adequately there. But with the prices that we have seen and that we see coming over the next quarter or so, we do expect to still see very good SG&A leverage with the guidance that we're providing for Q3, that assumes another 50 basis point year-over-year improvement in SG&A. So yes, we do see ourselves with an SG& A rate getting down into the sixes and four at least the near term staying there.
Bill Wheat: We're still looking at the low single-digit increase, but we -- yeah, it has been good to see more communities get opened, starting to basically replenish our communities from -- we ran them down a bit early a year to 18 months ago. So still see a solid incremental increase in communities.
