Jessica Hansen: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2020. Before we get started, today’s call may include comments that constitute forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although D.R. Horton believes any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there is no assurance that actual outcomes will not be materially different. All forward-looking statements are based upon information available to D.R. Horton on the date of this conference call and D.R. Horton does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance is contained in D.R. Horton’s annual report on Form 10-K, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This morning’s earnings release can be found on our website at investor.drhorton.com, and we plan to file our 10-Q in the day or two. After this call, we will post updated investor and supplementary data presentations to our Investor Relations site on the Presentations section under News & Events for your reference. Now, I will turn the call over to David Auld, our President and CEO.
Jessica Hansen: Part of it is regionally driven. If you look at our orders this year, the South Central was down 2% in terms of just the mix, the overall mix, and that’s actually our lowest ASP region. So, we continue to expect just modest sale price increases as we move throughout the year, and to cover our costs increases, but on the like-for-like basis nothing significant in the way of price.
Jessica Hansen: And we have to replenish it at a faster rate as we continue to grow our sales and closings pace. You have seen our owned lot count remained relatively flat for quite some time. So, it’s really just a function of having to replenish at a faster rate.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. High level, I think we’d agree with what you’re saying. That being said, it’s super early and out there and it’s not something that we spend a lot of time on. I’m sure our mortgage company would have a much more detailed response for you. But anything that continues to improve mortgage standards and makes it easier for people to get into a house clearly would be a benefit for our business. That being said, as David mentioned in his opening, financing availability is still good. I mean people that should be buying houses are who are buying houses today. And we’re not necessarily in favor of people with significantly high DTIs or really low credit scores being in a house because we’re very cognizant of what happened last cycle, and we don’t want any repeat of that.
Jessica Hansen: Our guidance already incorporates a higher housing inventory turnover than what we did last year. So, it reflects an improvement in terms of building, selling and closing more houses this year than last year, which is what we continue to be focused on is there’s efficiencies in the business. But that is what limits further upside to our current guidance.
Jessica Hansen: Sure. So, when we think about community count, Mike, it’s the hardest one for us to predict, quite honestly, which is why we never give formal guidance on it. I think, our base case would be that we would anticipate it to tick up at some point, as we move throughout the year. But when that inflection point actually happens, it’s hard to call exactly. In terms of the sales pace, as we mentioned in the script, that does reflect the moderation in demand we saw in late calendar 2018. So, we did have -- although we generally don’t talk about comps, we did have a relatively easy comp, when you look at that. And what our guidance reflects for the year from a closings perspective would infer that our sales year-over-year increase is going to moderate from Q1 and it will fluctuate Q2, Q3, Q4 in a range that supports that closings growth guidance that we’ve alluded to.
Jessica Hansen: You are correct that beat that. This quarter, it was 40% that we sold and closed in the same quarter, which is slightly higher than we would typically do. I don’t know that I -- I do have last year. Last year, it was 37%.
Jessica Hansen: On the first part, Ken, I would say, it’s pretty much in line with what we would expect, especially with the number of completed specs that we have. That allows us the opportunity to sell and close more homes within the quarter. So, I would expect that trend to continue. Last year, in the second quarter, we actually sold and closed 45% homes in the same quarter, sold and closed. If you look at the margin differential, that stayed relatively consistent and that there is a slight differential and a slightly lower margin on specs than there is build jobs. That being said, really the only big differential is on our completed specs that have been completed and unsold for a period of multiple months. So, the earlier we sell it as a spec, the tighter that differential is. And as a reminder, about 80% of what we closed in a quarter started as spec. So, when you see that 21% home sales margin we reported this quarter, that’s by and large is a spec gross margin.
Jessica Hansen: No. it’s that we’re underwriting to a return. And as we turn our spec housing more quickly than build jobs, we are able to work for a slightly lower gross margin and get an equivalent return. In the build job, you are actually going to lose the price appreciation, if you walk in before you start construction. And so, we like selling more in real time and capturing that margin as we move along the way.
Jessica Hansen: When we talk about a lot, our revenues per square foot, that’s a metric people -- we’ve consistently reported and we have given that yet today. Year-over-year, our revenue per square foot was up about 3%, and our stick and brick costs were down about 0.5%. Sequentially, our revenues per square foot, and our stick and brick costs per square foot were essentially flat.
Jessica Hansen: Really just more of the same, so modest increases. I’d say labor has stayed in the low single digit percentage range. Now that we’ve kind of cycled through the lumber headwinds that we had, materials, we essentially would expect to be net neutral. We always have some categories where costs are going up. But, our purchasing teams do a fantastic job of finding other categories to lower our costs and offset whatever increases we’re not able to push back on. And then, land really has been kind of a low to mid single digit percentage increase, at least on a per square foot basis. And that really is not expected to change either. I mean, land costs aren’t coming down. As home prices, land costs typically follow. So, really just more of the same in ‘20 as what we experienced in ‘19, if you take out late calendar ‘18 incentive environment and the lumber costs that we cycled through.
Jessica Hansen: We’ve got price protection on most everything. If there is a modest impact from any of the tariffs, we’ve identified ways to offset that.
Jessica Hansen: It slightly trended up here over the last couple of years, Jay, as our absorptions have improved, that does allow our underwriting to hit our standards and use slightly larger communities. So, I would say that is incorporated in what we’re expecting for fiscal ‘20, but that’s really just been more of the same of what we’ve experienced each of the last few years. Multiple product types and larger communities allows us to drive more absorption. So, I don’t have our current average lot size or a lot count. Rough, I would say probably 150, 200 lots. But obviously, we’ve got significant variation in that. We’ve got communities that are 30 lots, we’ve got a communities are a 1,000 lots.
Jessica Hansen: So, Alex, not to be repetitive, but really, it is a function of where we sit today, the number of houses we have, the number of houses we had going into the year. We did have a much easier comp this quarter compared to late calendar last year, when the market was completely different than what it is. And to remind everyone, we heavily incentivized into December and really ended the spring to continue those sales increases that we saw. I think, we were the only builder in calendar 4Q of ‘18 that had an up quarter. Our sales were up about 3%, and that really was just a function of how heavily we incentivized in December to get there. So, October and November, you can read into were very tough months. And that led into a good comp this year, and 19% you though. I mean, it’s a good market. As Mike’s alluded to several times, we feel very good about the market today. But, we sit here today, we haven’t seen the spring selling season. We’ve got 5% fewer houses in the ground. So, if we’re able to push and get a few more starts in, and the spring is stronger than expected, could there be a little upside, potentially, but we don’t see a whole lot. And we did already raise the higher end of our guidance by about 500 homes.
Jessica Hansen: It depends on the community, Alex. It really just depends. If we’ve got another community replacing a community ready to go behind it, we’re going to most likely push more pace than we are priced because that’s the best thing that we can do is continue to turn our inventory, generate more revenue and profits in a shorter period of time. But, if it’s an area of the country where we don’t have a replacement community or for whatever reason that community is not replaceable, we are going to be more likely to push price. So, it’s always a balance community-by-community.
David Auld: In closing, our results reflect the strength of our well-established operating platform across the country. We are focused on consolidating market share while growing our revenues and profits and generating strong annual cash flows and returns while maintaining a flexible financial position. Our return on equity of 18.2% and our homebuilding return on inventory of 18.7%, demonstrate our consistent focus and efforts. We’re well-positioned to continue this performance with our conservative balance sheet, broad geographic footprint, affordable product offering across multiple brands, attractive finished lot and land position and most importantly, our outstanding experienced teams across the country. Thank you to the entire D.R. Horton team for your focus and hard work. We are incredibly well-positioned to continue growing and improving our operations. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now host questions.
David Auld: Well, the cash out in two years is something we stayed with through this -- from the downturn on. And I can tell you that that model has worked very well for us. And I don’t see that changing. And as to the overall market for buying land, again, it comes back to the people we have embedded in these markets and relationships they have with the land’s owners. And we feel very good about our opportunity to replace what we’re building through, and through this market have seen that happen over and over and over again, so.
David Auld: I think, there’s always going to be that pressure on the cost side. Definitely, labor is getting tighter and continues to -- I think going to restrict a lot of people’s ability to deliver houses. Again, it goes back to the kind of operating profile we adopted and continue, and that is consistent starts throughout the community, expanding the labor base, the efficiency, not necessarily just bodies. And we feel very good about what we’ve accomplished. We have a very loyal trade base. I think I said on the last call, our traders don’t have to go chase their paychecks. So, all of that combines to put us in a great position. Is it going to be a problem? I think less so for us than other people.
David Auld: I think, we’re going to see consistent margins into the second quarter. And then frankly, as usual this time of the year, the spring selling season will really dictate where margins go in Q3 and Q4. Early returns in the spring selling season have been very positive. So, we’re confident in giving our guidance of consistent margins in the Q2, but we’re going to have to wait and see what happens in the next several weeks.
David Auld: A couple of things going on with that number, Alan. One, the comparison to prior year, we’re actually down 5%. We’ve changed the way we report homes and inventory to exclude the model homes. So, last year, we were -- where we were last year, like 31,800; and so, this year, we are at 30,200. So, we’re down slightly from last year. And last year may have been a bit elevated with softer sales and operating environment we saw in the fourth calendar quarter of ‘18. Another thing we’ve talked about is getting better at turning our housing inventory to drive a higher return with those investment dollars. And then, we’re also seeing the ability to push starts in as we’re seeing demand come on. We’re not noticing any kind of a difference in the mix between to be built versus our spec starts, continuing probably an 80-20 consistent approach for that.
David Auld: We’re not going to set a hard target. Internally, we talk about goals, but that’s an internal conversation. And it’s kind of a balanced program. I think, the Forestar platform is again built out. We’re very happy with the progress we’re making there. But, we are also equally focused on our third-party developers. And they are a part of the D.R. Horton family. And that pipeline continues to get better and bigger. And so, it’s a collection of the two. Primarily, it’s just focus. We’re treating capital as if it’s a precious commodity. And we’re going to try to treat it better than anybody else in the industry.
David Auld: It gets back to -- to me, it gets back to relationships with trade base. And for the last, I don’t know, ever since the downturn, we’ve had a steady and consistent level of production going in our communities. And so, our trade base has gotten better at building the houses. And when they’re not out there chasing work, then they can build more houses. What I look at is the same labor. We build more square footage with the same labor hours. So, it’s a process. It’s something we’ve worked on all the way through this cycle. I think early on, we felt like labor was going to be the constraint on housing. And we have done I think a great job of managing the trade base and making sure that those guys were making money. And we were still delivering houses at a reasonable cost.
David Auld: No. I don’t think so. We’re responding to market out there. And certainly, the solar mandate is going to increase cost. But, pulling a permit and building a house when there is not a market forward is going to create a whole lot less return than pay any additional cost. So, it’s kind of business as usual for us out there. And the solar mandate was -- we’ve known about that for several years that we’ve had the ability to prepare, and that’s in our underwriting and we knew those costs were coming and as more and more homes are being built with solar, our base case expectation is that those costs will come down.
David Auld: We continue to work on that product offering presentation and lifestyle. It’s something we’re happy with. I think, it will be a larger and larger portion of our deliveries in the future. It’s a growing demographic. And we think we can provide a product and lifestyle that people are going to move into.
David Auld: It’s still the entry level bar driving the market. The Freedom brand for us is part of our long term meet the needs of as many buyers out there as we can. And I think as the market moves, it will become a more and more important part of what we’re doing.
David Auld: I’d say, the market is good. People are, as Bill said, performing rationally. It -- good time to be a homebuilder.
David Auld: Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate everybody’s time on the call today and look forward to speaking to you again in April. And to the D.R. Horton team, outstanding first quarter. Thank you for your focus and hard work, and we’ve got a great year set up, let’s go deliver it.
Mike Murray: Yes. We’re still on track with our plan there John to ultimately deconsolidate Forestar. We were pleased when they were able to issue their first primary equity offering in September, which diluted our position down from the original 75%; here in December, we’re sitting at 65%. We would expect additional equity issuances from Forestar over time that could continue to dilute our position. And then, as we’ve also said all along, there’s a potential that we could sell some of our shares. And at the point in time that we are ready to do that, we will have a plan in place that will complement the primary equity issuance. And those two things together would result in further dilution in our ownership position.
Mike Murray: Sure, Stephen. As you know, you start your land spend, there is some lumpiness kind of from quarter-to-quarter. And so, one quarter, just based on the timing of when deals close and when they get ready to go and based on our business plans, there can be a bit of lumpiness there. One thing I would point out is that over half of our land acquisition spend is for finished lots. And so, we continue to dedicate a lot of our spend to finished lots which turn very quickly. And so I would really just attribute -- I wouldn’t say there is necessarily any changes in our plans, but I would attribute a bit of this to a bit of a lumpiness, point out that finished lots are a heavy part of the spend. But, then we do -- we are optimistic. We do see growth, certainty in fiscal ‘20. And right now, we still see very good underlying fundamentals for the business. And so, we are still actively replenishing our land and lot supply.
Mike Murray: Truman, we’re really excited about the way this year started off the first quarter and through the first several weeks of January, and we have increased our guidance as a result of that. Structurally, it’s a question of the lots that are out in front of us. We feel good about the community positioning we have, getting some communities opened. But right now, we’re not going to increase our guidance, based on where we are today in the spring selling season. But, we will certainly look to deliver all the homes we can. That’s the best returns we can do in fiscal ‘20.
Mike Murray: There is a finite number of homes we can build over the next 8.5, 9 months and deliver by September 30th. But, we’re comfortable with our guidance range today, and we’re just going to have to see what the spring is going to give us and where we end up in our inventory positioning in March and in April and May.
Mike Murray: Matt, the other thing we look at here and we watch sort of from a high level perspective is what our build times are doing in our process when we start a house, can we get it completed and then closed. And we’re not seeing those times elongate, which would be real, more acute indicators of labor shortages in various markets. So, the longstanding deep relationships we have with a lot of the labor suppliers, combined with a more efficient plan set, if you will, in our communities and focus on the first time homebuyer and affordability, has driven our ability to continue to turn houses a little bit better, and we’re going to see a lot of improvement in that metric this year.
Mike Murray: We expect it to be just continued incremental improvement on all for us. We do expect to continue to -- and our goal is to continue to push an option percentage upward. We’re not going to set necessarily an upward target. But, we do expect to incrementally improve that as Forestar grows, build out its platform even further, that’s going to continue to be part of that growth story as well as expanding relationships with our developers. We’ve already alluded to on this call we’re expecting to turn our housing inventory faster this year. And so, that’s going to be an incremental level in terms of returns this year. And then, as our operations are more efficient and generate more cash that gives us more flexibility on the capital allocation side. And so, over the last several years, we have instituted an increasing level of share repurchases and dividend payoffs to shareholders, which has enhanced our ROE. And so, as we continue to incrementally improve each year, I think each one of those levers is going to allow us to continue to incrementally improve both operational returns and returns to shareholders.
Mike Murray: I think, we’re seeing generally increased absorptions at our more affordable price points, whether that’s the entire community or certain plans within more the traditional Horton branded communities. We are not heavily exposed to the luxury end of the market. So, we’re not experiencing if there is any lift there or not lift going on there. We can speak to that very well. But, across all of our geographies, we’re feeling pretty good about the traffic, pretty good about the demand, in the most recent quarter and in the quarters leading up to it.
Mike Murray: I’d say, we’ve seen normal seasonality week-to-week as we progressed in January. It seems like historically people talked about Super Bowl Sunday being the kickoff to the spring selling season. And we’ve noticed the past few years that seems to be starting a little bit earlier. And maybe it’s because the Cowboys did make the playoffs, people are buying houses sooner. So, we’re excited for Chiefs. And I think…
Mike Murray: Yes. We’re currently think about the business, we’re still early stages on it and we’re trying to get in and really understand the operations of the business and see where we add the most value to that process. Today, it’s probably more dipping our toe in the water on the owned side, but we are certainly looking at it hard, and have not shut the door on any possibility today.
Mike Murray: Ken, a lot of our build job sales are actually sales of homes that we had planned to start anyway. They were in the production planning process to start. They just had not stated yet, but they were released to sale on the sales floor. Our average time in backlog for a customer that’s in a build job is not terribly long because our homes -- generally, we are building through affordable price point, homes build fairly efficiently. And so, the customer is not sitting for a long period of time going through a large design selection process, lengthy permitting process till we get to start. A lot of these homes will be starting very soon after they sign the contract. So, it’s a very tight margin differential between just a traditional spec sale to the marketplace.
Mike Murray: Buck, we don’t have that information in terms of tracking across our neighborhoods. We’ve really have empowered our local operators to be looking to meet the market to drive returns, and that is certainly a function of pace and margin. And they’re looking to maximize that at every community, every week, every day frankly as to looking at what that pace is. And that’s something that we’re managing centrally. So, we don’t really have the ability to give you that color today.
Mike Murray: Sure. In terms of timing, we expect to close a total of two projects in fiscal 2020. We closed our first one here in Q1. We did say that one of our communities is substantially complete, and so the process of stabilizing the rental situation and marketing it. So, we would expect to close that one later in fiscal 2020, don’t have a specific quarter guide for you on that. And then, we do expect the investment level in the DHI Communities to grow this year. We expect it to grow approximately 100% from the point at the start of the year over the course of this year, as their pipeline is growing, and their number of projects will begin to grow more directly over the course of fiscal 2020, which will ultimately result in some future years, delivering more than two a year. The lead time, the pipeline on those deals is 2 to 3 years long. So, we’re still a couple of years out from a significant increase of volume of project sales in DHI Communities. 
Mike Murray: The primary thing is the order trends. I mean, that’s the first read we’re getting on what’s coming through. And they’re coming in at a great pace that we’ve expected and we’re seeing good seasonal build, week-to-week with that. And anecdotally, we’re not hearing about any pushback or pressure on pricing from the customer side of the marketplace today.
Mike Murray: Feel really good about the market conditions we’re seeing today and the buyers that are coming in and their urgency to buy. So, I would say we have some cushion to work with in that. But again, we’re not just looking at a margin number, it is a return numbers, as you alluded to before, the pace versus price. And so, driving the communities at the planned absorptions, we found drive the highest returns. And then, the activity that begets that coming out of buyers seeing activity, seeing momentum, drives generally some pricing power and some margin expansion, executing at the community level. And that’s really where our focus is. And as it’s rolling up, we’ve seen pretty consistent margins the last couple quarters and we’re looking at that into next quarter. We’re optimistic about spring, and that’s going to tell us where margins ultimately go for this year.
Mike Murray: So, we have -- a lot of our homes are put together with trusses, roof trusses that are manufactured offsite. Others, we’re doing wall penalization in certain markets. And it’s something we continually evaluate to look at the most efficient from both a time and a cost perspective as to how to deliver the home at the best value to the buyer. So, we’re always evaluating it. We haven’t seen a sea change in the economics of that today. Most of our homes are probably stick framed with trusses would be probably the broad generalization to say. But, there are some markets where we build roofs onsite.
Mike Murray: And on balance, we’re looking at much stronger returns in fiscal 2020, because we’re still seeing a good pace. Even at the guidance level, we’re seeing a good pace, at better margins, better returns and a better turn of our inventory this year as well. So, we’re very pleased with our positioning with the good market backdrop, and with our plan for the year.
Bill Wheat: To the extent we’re delivering on our closings guidance and showing mid to high single digit growth in revenue, we do expect to see leverage on our SG&A and improvement year-over-year. We’re very pleased with the 30 basis points we saw in the first quarter. Based on what we see today and the volume we see in Q2, we do expect SG&A to be relatively flat with last year in Q2. But overall, we do expect some leverage for the year.
Bill Wheat: Yes. I understand that Jade. And it’s something -- we’re aware of that as well. And that’s one of the things that we’re studying as we as we get further into this business. Our goals early on have been to ensure that we have a strong, efficient operating platform for beginning with multifamily. And as we look at the single family rental space, we’re looking to do the same thing there. And as we get that established, we then look to growing the platform and setting the capital base for it. And so, as we look at the medium and longer term plans for setting the capital base for both of those businesses, that’s certainly something that we will be considering for the longer term.
Bill Wheat: Where we are today, we don’t expect to increase our leverage. We expect to -- as we are generating cash and adding to our equity base that our leverage would not increase from here, and we could see further decreases. Our stated maximum leverage is 35% or below. But obviously, we got a lot of headroom on that today, but that does give us room that in certain scenarios we would leave ourselves some room to invest further and increase leverage, but we don’t see that in the short run.
Bill Wheat: Pretty stable environment there. Certainly on a year-over-year basis, our incentives are down significantly, but over the last couple of quarters, been pretty stable. It’s a normal environment where there’s usually some level of incentives related to closing costs. And then, community-by-community, there could be some specific incentives but nothing out of the ordinary certainly in our business. And really, we’re seeing pretty rational environment across other builders as well not hearing anything out of the ordinary.
