Kevin C. Coleman: Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to AMETEK's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining me this morning are Frank Hermance, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bob Mandos, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Zapico Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. AMETEK's fourth quarter results were released earlier this morning. These results are available electronically on market systems and on our website at ametek.com. A tape of today's call may be accessed until February 19 by calling 800-633-8284 and entering the confirmation code 21802769. This call is also webcasted. It can be accessed at ametek.com and streetevents.com. The call will be archived on both of these sites. I will remind you that any statements made by AMETEK during the call that are not historical in nature are to be considered forward-looking statements. As such, these statements are subject to change based on various risk factors and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ significantly from expectations. A detailed discussion of the risk and uncertainties that may affect our future results, is contained in the AMETEK's filings with the SEC. AMETEK disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. I will also refer you to the Investors section of ametek.com for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures used during this conference call. We'll begin with prepared remarks, and then we'll open it up for questions. I'll now turn the meeting over to Frank.
Kevin C. Coleman: Operator, are you there? Okay, one moment, while we check on the status of our operator. Okay. So those people on the call, one second. We're going to have to work with the operator to get him back on the line.
Kevin C. Coleman: Hi, everyone. This is Kevin from AMETEK. The operator is dialing back in so we should get started back up here in a minute or two. Thanks for your patience.
Kevin C. Coleman: Okay. Great. Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for joining. And as always I'm available for calls today. Have a great day.
Frank S. Hermance: Sorry for what occurred, Matt. I don't know what the technical difficulty was. It was not on our end, so.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I mean, it's very difficult as you stated. There are a lot of moving factors right now in the global economy. And in Q4, we had some difficulty in our EMIP metals business, and that will continue into Q1 which is one reason why the Q1 forecast is lower than we would have liked. So, to get conviction, it's more difficult in this environment. And that's why I mentioned in my opening talk that with that sort of cloudy outlook, it's probably best to be conservative on the guidance that I gave.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah, absolutely. The Brookfield deal, we paid about 11 times and the ESP deal we paid about 10 times. We see significant synergy with these businesses. If I look at the ESP deal, their margins are quite good. However, we can offer significant amounts of synergy in terms of international expansion. They don't do a lot outside the United States. And also, just our normal operational excellence initiatives can definitely create value. Our goals and how we price these deals, we look for a 10% return on invested capital in year three. Both of these deals actually exceed that so we're pretty confident of getting a good return for our shareholders. Following up on Brookfield, Brookfield is just a phenomenal company. Their name is well, well-known in the industry and it's almost synonymous with rheometers because they basically have a very, very strong position in that market. And their margins are lower than the AMETEK margins so we believe over time, we can definitely put our operational excellence capabilities in place there and move those margins up to the AMETEK average and possibly beyond. So we're pretty excited about both of these deals. Obviously, doing deals is the primary use of our cash flow. And we're going to continue to make acquisitions throughout the year and we think it's a very significant value creator for our shareholders.
Frank S. Hermance: Okay, Matt. You're right. That was the surprise in the quarter. EIG came in essentially where we were expecting. But what happened during the Q4 is that there was a significant decline in metal prices. A few examples are nickel was down 13%. Copper just in the quarter was down 17%. And vanadium was down 23%. Now, in terms of how that affects the profitability, we pass the commodity prices through so that there's not a major impact from the viewpoint that the prices came down from that perspective. The issue is that because the prices were coming down and so rapidly, our customers basically stopped purchasing. They wanted to make darn sure they were purchasing at the bottom instead of at a different – higher level. So the impact here was, therefore, on the sales line from the view point that they essentially stopped buying. And that is continuing into Q1. We expect some stabilization in Q2. And I'm probably – a pretty sure bet would be by Q3 that those – that will stabilize because in essence those customers need the product. I mean that's the fundamental issue. So they'll drive their inventories down to where they're as low as they can be. And then they'll be forced to basically go ahead and purchase. So I think that covered all of your questions, Matt.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Okay, Matt. We definitely got it right in 2015. We made that call right at the beginning of the year and in essence, when we look at the results for 2015, we hit it right on, which is almost unbelievable that we were able to call it as close as we did. Looking forward, what we're expecting, if you look at the total linkage that we have to oil and gas is about $360 million. Of that, about a third is upstream, so say, $120 million, and we're projecting that piece to be down around a third, around 30% to 35% which is down an incremental $40 million. And then if you look at the remainder, which is mid- and downstream, we expect a mid single digit type decline. So overall, what's in our forecast is an incremental $50 million of decline due to essentially the price of oil being down at the $30 a barrel level right now.
Frank S. Hermance: Well, I think it depends on the particular markets in your particular business concentrations. I think if you look back historically where AMETEK has had, say, negative organic growth is typically when the industrial cycle is down. And in my view, we are in an industrial recession right now. That's the view that the consensus of all of our managers is that we are in an industrial recession. And therefore, to get any sizeable organic growth in this environment is challenging. And where AMETEK shines is that we're able to be very good on the cost side of the business and therefore, we are looking to be able to hold or slightly increase our earnings in a recessionary environment. So that's probably the best I can say and if companies – I'll give you some examples without specific names, but if you have a company that doesn't have oil and gas exposure or doesn't have a lot of exposure in Asia or in metals areas, those companies are going to have a better opportunity to grow organically and that's probably why you're hearing some of this, I'll call it, confusion in the market. When we step back and we look at these kind of environments, we're going to be very aggressive on the cost side of the business and we're going to look to deploy capital to increase our earnings. And remember, the guidance that I'm giving does not include any future acquisitions. So whatever we can do to deploy more capital and bring more companies into our realm. We've got the operating capability that we've shown over many, many years and over a period of time, we always create value. As a matter of fact, the way I view this environment right now is this is a buying opportunity for AMETEK. We very seldom have a dip like our stock is experiencing right now. And I can tell you, I'm going to increase my ownership. So that shows some commitment.
Frank S. Hermance: I think it's super. I think what we're going to see because we're in this slowness in the industrial economy is we're going to see a lot more properties becoming available. There will be an exodus of companies where they want to sell because they don't want to wait out until market conditions get better. And we have the capital, we have the management talent. So to me, it's one of the two pillars in terms of buying companies right now. I think we'll see the multiples start to come down. As a matter of fact, I heard Bill Eginton in a recent board meeting, first time say he's seeing multiples start to come down. So that's a good sign as well. So we're going to be aggressive. You take advantage of this on the acquisition side, and you focus on cost. There isn't a lot you can do about the global macro. So you just – you sort of have to wait that out. And when they come back, the earnings of this company are going to skyrocket. So I mean, that's the best way I can describe the situation. I know it's difficult for all of us, including yourselves, to really get a handle on exactly what's happening. But that always happens in a recessionary environment. I hope that helps you.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I think the downturn in 2008 and 2009 was clearly an abnormality. And the reason is that the whole economy was just crashing. Everybody just stopped is the best way of saying it. And because nobody knew where bottom was and, I mean, that was a different kind of recession probably than I've experienced in my business career. So, yes, your historical picture is exactly right. However, this recession what I'm saying we're in now is different. It's not as deep start there. And I think in 2008 and 2009, I don't remember the actual numbers, but I think we were down about 15% or something of that magnitude. We came back. We came back very strong right after that. But this is not of that magnitude and you can see that in our guidance where we're talking about organic growth for 2016 being just down low-single digits. So it's not anywhere near a significant an issue. So I would not use that as a model. Actually, if you go back to the previous recession, before that, we did buy companies in that downturn. So that's why I think this is just an ideal opportunity to be aggressive. And I don't mean aggressive in the sense of buying companies that are not good. I mean we've got the capital and we've got the manpower. And, I don't know, we're going to continue to look at companies. We're actually pretty happy that already this year, we've announced deployment of about $300 million in capital. And as I said in my opening comments, over the last 24 months, we deployed $1.1 billion in capital. So I think it's going to continue. And I can't sit there and tell you exactly what we're going to acquire and what the capital outlays are going to be. I'm just telling you from a strategic view point, it's a good time. That's probably the best way that I can characterize it. So Joe, I don't know if that helps with your question.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Sure. I'd be glad to do that, Joe. So let me start with EIG and Aerospace, EIG Aerospace had a strong fourth quarter, with organic sales up mid-single digits on a percentage basis, reflecting strength. And, actually, all parts of that business, commercial OEM, business and regional jets, and our military business, believe it or not. Our EIG Aerospace business had an excellent year as they gained sizable new content on a number of attractive platforms. In 2015, they received a record $620 million in life of program awards on 35 different platforms and that included Rolls-Royce for the Trent 7000 engine on the A330neo; Parker Hannifin, for fuel systems on the Joint Strike Fighter; and GE for the GE9X engine, which will be on the new version of 777. So they've done a really, really good job of getting content. Of course, when you're on these airplanes, that content lasts for 20, 25 years. So looking to 2016, we expect EIG Aerospace sales to be up low- to mid-single digits and that's why the continued ramp-up of key commercial OEM platforms and some growth in business and regional jets mainly due to our content on new aircraft and, in particular, the HondaJet. Moving to our process, organic sales and process were down mid-single digits in the quarter, obviously, driven by weakness in upstream oil and gas. As I mentioned a moment ago, the weakness in upstream Oil & Gas in 2015 was in line with our expectations at the start of the year. And for 2016, we expect sales for our process instruments to be down low to mid-single digits organically, driven by continued weakness across upstream Oil & Gas. The last part of EIG is Power & Industrial. Their organic sales were flat versus last year's fourth quarter with solid growth in our Programmable Power and Solid State Controls business offsetting weakness in our Power Instruments business. And also, for this business, in 2016, we expect organic sales for Power & Industrial to be down low- to mid-single digits. So then if you look at all of EIG where you got Aerospace up and both Process and Power & Industrial down slightly, if we then look across all EIG, we expect organic sales to be down there, low to mid single digits, with overall sales up low single digits really due to the acquisition of Surface Vision, Brookfield, and ESP/SurgeX, with obviously these last two deals being announced this morning. So that's our outlook for EIG. Moving now to EMG, and I'll start with the differentiated part of EMG. Organic sales here were down mid single digits in the quarter driven, as we have talked about, by weakness in our Engineered Materials Interconnects & Packaging business. And this is again a result of the commodity price deflation that I talked about. And for 2016, we expect our differentiated EMG businesses to actually be flat organically with the impact from commodity deflation within our metals business being mostly pronounced in the first half of 2016 which is again what I said in answer to one of the questions. And then the last part of EMG is Floorcare & Specialty Motors, they were down actually mid-teens organically in the fourth quarter as a result of softer demand globally. But we actually have a pretty good outlook for that business. We expect the sales for the business to be roughly flat organically. We've won some content on new programs, and our managers are doing a great job managing that business. So that is the present outlook. So if you sum that up for EMG, overall sales are going to be up low single digits, just like EIG. And in this case, it's driven by the acquisition of Global Tubes on the acquisition side. And for organic sales, we expect to be down low single digits. And that, if you roll up then to answer your question for AMETEK as a whole, we're expecting overall sales could be up low single digits and organic sales to be down low single digits. That's our best call at the present time. And if I can give you some flavor on our guidance, our guidance assumes these organic growth numbers that I just talked about. And the reason I pushed a little bit to the lower end is that I don't see as much upside on organic growth as possibly we could have some downside and that's just because of the fogginess right now of the environment. It's the best way that I can say it. And I'm trying to be accurate and tell you what my best thoughts are.
Frank S. Hermance: We're projecting EBIT margins at the midpoint to be up 20 basis points to 30 basis points even though it's going to be weaker obviously in the first part of the year. But obviously, we are putting those cost improvements that I talked about through the business, and they will have a greater impact obviously on the second half than the first half. So, overall, we're talking 20 basis points to 30 basis points up.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. That's true. Your statement is very accurate and you look at – the surprise here, and I've said this before is that our military business is actually doing quite well. Some of that is not U.S. military. It's outside military, outside the U.S., and that's doing quite well. As I mentioned, business in regional jets, the market is not recovering. At some point, it will. People have been projecting an upturn there for the last five years, probably, and it hasn't happened. But we've won really good content on – in that segment. So we're thinking that one will be okay. And then commercial, the key there is the new aircraft. And we had very good content on the new aircraft. And so we see that, yeah, I think your basic comment of low to mid-single digits is accurate.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Okay. No. Let me give you some data. In the fourth quarter, for the whole company now, price minus inflation was about 0.2%. Price was about 1%, inflation, on everything now. I'm including wages, everything, all in, was about 0.8%, so that we got 0.2% of sales to the bottom line in the fourth quarter. What's in my guidance and in our guidance, I should say, is that price minus inflation will be flat.
Frank S. Hermance: And again, we're looking at the global macro. And we're just not going to assume that we're going to get any pricing above inflation. But we have a lot of pressure on our operating managers to, at a minimum, cover inflation and maybe we'll end up with some positive there. But that's what's included in the guidance, Rick.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Through the quarter, actually, our orders did go up. So we had a very strong last month in the quarter. So that trend was definitely there for all of AMETEK. And that also is during this time when I was mentioning the impacts of deflation. I would say in January, no, I have not seen a pickup. But, it's hard to conclude anything from that because our orders tend to be weaker in the first month in a quarter than the third month. But I can clearly tell you, I'm not sitting here with a euphoric outlook that things are getting better.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Leverage is just not an issue for us. You look at where we stand right now, and our net debt to EBITDA is around 32%. It's up a little bit from last year. Our debt to EBITDA was at 1.8 times. We could easily lever up to 2.5 times, which is a significant amount of capital deployment and remain investment grade. And so we would never go to the point where we are not investment grade. So capital and leverage is not the determinant in our acquisition strategy. It's finding really good businesses like the two we announced this morning. And we just have the capital to deploy and I just don't have to worry about leverage. I mean, just to give you another statistic with the budget or the guidance I gave you. The operating cash flow of AMETEK will be about $800 million. Our capital deployment, as Bob indicated in his talk, is going to be in the $70 million, $75 million region. So the free cash flow, and I don't know whether your percentage was in there, Bob, it's about 119% of net income. So you can just see that the cash flow of the company is incredible, and that's why acquisitions are very important because we think that's the best utilization of capital to get you a good return.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Your reading is definitely correct and when we look at the first quarter, there's the oil and gas market, our business. We were depleting backlog last year which obviously it's been now down at a low level. So, when you look at first quarter-over-quarter, you're going to have an impact there plus this material deflation issue that we've talked extensively about. So the first quarter is going to be tough and that's the reason why we decided – we saw this coming obviously. And that's why we decided to do the restructuring or realignment, I should say, where we put a major cost savings through the P&L. And, obviously, we're not going to get significant benefit from that in the first quarter. And, yes, as we go through the quarters, that is going to have a sizable impact. And there's another factor in here, too, and that's that the comps get easier as you go forward, too, overall. So, you get a little leverage from the sales line. But your outlook and your high-level thought process is right on.
Frank S. Hermance: No. I would say this is somewhat normal for us, this kind of payback. And I'll give you a high-level view that we're obviously going to do some employment reductions. It's not major but definitely we're going to be doing some, and we're going to be closing some plants. And I don't want to talk about the particulars, but this is standard AMETEK, I would say, where we are able to continue that operational excellence capability that we have. So, yeah, you look at the returns whenever we do this and they're usually very, very good.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. No. That's a good point. I mean, we're basically going to invest, as I said in my opening talk, $210 million. That's up about 5% from last year. And it also just coincidentally happens to be about 5% of sales. So it's a very healthy number. And we feel this is the organic pipeline of the company. That investment will go more in EIG than it will in EMG. And I can give you some examples of where we're going to be putting that investment in. I mentioned in my opening talk that UPT is doing extremely well. This is a high-end measurement company. It did not have substantial exposure to some of the things that we have talked about on the negative side. And they're going to continue to invest. You may recall a while back we did the Creaform acquisition. That company has been just superlative in terms of organic growth. I mean, they're growing at numbers in the 15%, 20% region. These are basically instruments that can very accurately look at an object and convert it to a computer, basically a CAD-type of drawing just by waving the instrument across an object. And very, very good marketplace and we're going to continue to invest in that business. And we're also not afraid to invest in some of the markets that are down. If you look some of our businesses that are in oil and gas, probably more in the mid and down area of oil and gas. We'll probably invest more there. And we'll continue to invest in Power & Industrial and I gave some examples of some of the products in my opening talk. So the focus on engineering investment is going to be higher in EIG. The focus on capital deployment will be higher in EMG because those businesses require more capital to grow. So, that's sort of the view of how we're going to invest. Hope that helps.
Frank S. Hermance: We have been working on them obviously through the fourth quarter. But both closed right after the first of the year.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I think you're right that there has to be a reset here. I mean, multiples have been quite high. But as I mentioned to one of the questions, in answer to one of the questions, basically, we're starting to see that now. We're already seeing those multiples come down. Sellers are going to be more realistic. And if you're a seller, you're sitting there and you're saying, either I sell now or I don't want to sell during the downturn. You either sell now or you wait. And that, obviously, depends on the particulars of the given seller. We have examples of – I'm just going back historically now where many family-type businesses just decide at this point that let's do it now instead of waiting. So you do see that dynamic. And it's – right now, we feel pretty good that we're going to be able to close some more deals. We feel very good what we've recently done. But I can't sit here and tell you, it's going to be this or that. And that's the goal, et cetera. It's more that, if we can find some good deals, we're going to execute. That's the bottom line.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I would not even tie where we are to the transition. That's just not a factor in our thought process, my thought process or the board's thought process. So the transition here is going extremely well. Dave is doing a phenomenal job as a Chief Operating Officer. And the debate here is between the board and my wife.
Frank S. Hermance: As to when I decide. But as I've told you, the transition here will be most likely that I will become Executive Chair, and spend a little bit more time in Florida, and whomever we decide, most likely Dave, obviously, who will take over, they will be dealing obviously with all of the day-to-day issues.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah, sure. I can do that. I'll do the organically. We talked about the total company being down 4%. The U.S. was down 5%. Asia was down 4% and Europe was down 1%.
Frank S. Hermance: China, yeah. China was the driver in that minus 4% down in Asia. China was actually down organically, about 15%. So, obviously, that weighed on us. But on the other side, India did incredibly well. They were up well into the double-digits. But China was weak, no question. Everything you hear about China, at least, and the impact on our business is pretty consistent.
Frank S. Hermance: Right. The $120 million is a number that would reflect the midpoint of our guidance. And I think, it's reasonable to assume that we can improve that number possibly as we go through the year. So there could be definitely some upside that could come from the cost reduction side. No question.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I mean, the deal size, we like to do is up to a couple hundred million dollars in sales. That doesn't preclude us from doing something larger. But we have found if we keep the deal size below that $200 million sales number, we typically can get extremely strong synergy with those deals. And therefore, the return on invested capital is excellent. Also, with those smaller deals, the multiples tend to be lower so that you're not paying quite as much as you will for a larger deal. So I would say that sweet spot is in that sort of $75 million to $200 million area in terms of sales. And when I look at the backlog, we have a fair number of deals that are in our backlog that fit that size range. We also have some deals that are larger, and we also have some deals that are smaller. But that is the sweet spot.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. No. I mean, I think the broader market is definitely a factor in this business. And the reason that we're talking that we think it's going to be better next year than it was in the fourth quarter is that, yeah, this is not a major part of AMETEK overall. But fundamentally, we saw some inventory realignments in the fourth quarter with our customers and that's going to bleed through, in a positive sense, as we go into next year. So I would say that the Floorcare business is just consistent with the macro outlook that I've provided. And the people who are running this business have just done a superb job and the profitability has done very, very well. So, this is, actually, not going to be a major issue. At least, that's our feeling right now in 2016.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. On your first question, there is not a substantial impact for the year or in the first quarter. In our guidance, actually, there are some costs that are going through the first quarter, which is included in our guidance, and there's about a $0.005 of costs that are going through the P&L. And as we go through the year, we'll probably recapture that cost downside, but there is not a substantial EPS positive in 2016, we're going to see the impacts will be more in 2017 from an EPS viewpoint. And in terms of some of the announcements around Boeing, if you look at the outlook for Boeing for 2016, their total builds are going to be down about 2%, but offsetting that, Airbus is going to be up about 2%. So if you look at the total commercial build, it's roughly flat. However, if you look at the new aircraft, those are growing at a very, very nice rate, and we have significant content on the new aircraft. And in particular, Airbus. If you look at historically, AMETEK has much more – have had much more content on Boeing aircraft, but with the new aircraft that Airbus is bringing to the market, we now have sizable content on those aircraft. And therefore, our projections are higher than that total bill rates for all aircraft because of the new aircraft in our content list.
Frank S. Hermance: We know we've done a little bit in the fourth quarter. I would expect we would do some in 2016. But to your point, it's not the primary use of our cash flow.
Richard Eastman: 6%? Okay. And then also, it appears that at the midpoint of guidance for 2016, if I kind of walk up the P&L, midpoint of EPS guidance, I walk up the P&L.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Okay. And just maybe the last question, could you just give us – and maybe this is just – on the Aerospace business for 2016, just kind of the four components there. Are all of that, all of the components, third-party service, defense, commercial and bizjet, is there any difference there? Are they all kind of up low-single, up mid-single? Anything on the...
Richard Eastman: That's okay. But the question is maybe a little bit around outside of that business. Are you seeing any...
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then just last. Frank, could you just talk about last couple of quarters here, we've bought back a fair amount of stock. And I'm just trying to reconcile that with the commentary around the M&A pipeline and maybe expectations. So for deal flow here going forward, do we kind of back off on the stock buyback then in 2016 or...
Richard Eastman: Okay. The primary use of our cash flow is for M&A. And there's just no strategy change in terms of that. But we may do some stock buybacks in 2016. But that's not our primary focus.
