Frank Hermance: It’s really a continuation of the trends from last quarter, Jim, that’s – the best way I can describe what it occurring in the entire portfolio is that we’re beginning to see a return to normalcy with some of our short cycle businesses, you know, showing that now our mid-cycle businesses right now are performing extremely well, and with the order rates, in particular, or aerospace business, we’re really starting to crank up and sales will increase in the second half of the year going into next year. So it’s a very normal recovery that we’re seeing.  But in general, all of the key end markets are extremely good. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, sure. I’d be glad to so that, Jim.  In the second quarter, aerospace overall was up mid-single digits in terms of sales. But the key thing is that orders were up mid-teens on a percentage basis with really commercial, military and third-party MRO all showing good growth. So when we look forward now to the second half of this year, we expect, if you look at the second half of 2011, or over the second half of 2010, we’re expecting high single digit growth rates.  So – and that’s not an improvement over what we saw in the in the first half of the year. So the backlog is building, just as it normally would in recovery, and our sales are going to escalate and we’re going to have a strong second half. And going into the first half of next year, aerospace looks very good.  If you break it down a little bit in regards to your question, the third-party MRO business, which is about 35% of our total business, is doing very, very well. They were organically in sales up low double digits and for the year, we’re expecting profitability – or expecting orders to be up mid-teens.  The commercial business, which is about 20% of our overall business, extremely good. Our orders were actually up about 50% in Q2 over this year versus Q2 of last year. And for the full year, we’re estimating they’re going to be up about 25%.  And even military is, which is now only about a third of our overall aerospace business, had low-single digit sales growth in the quarter. So you know, we’re not seeing any tremendous issue around our military business.  And we’re starting to see a rebound in orders in business and regional jets, which is about 10% of our business, and we expect that business for the year to be up low double digits.  So overall, it’s a very, very positive situation for aerospace. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah. I think what’s happening is the V has – we’re getting to the top of the V and you’re starting to see some of the shorter cycle businesses roll over to normalcy. Where if you look at our mid-cycle businesses, they’re well, you know, in the center of the V coming up. And our aerospace businesses are basically, you know, have bottomed out and are starting to V up.  So again, it’s just a normal situation that you would expect. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, sure. In terms of the linearity in the quarter, Matt, if you extract acquired backlog, which basically shows the organic – what’s really happening in the overall business, in essence, they were extremely linear through the quarter. Each month was within actually a few million dollars of the other months in the quarters, so very linear performance. In terms of the organic growth rates around the world, let me just take a quick trip around the world for you. In the U.S., the organic growth rate was 10%, and in Europe it was 11%, and in Asia it was 34%, which means if you look at the international growth rate, in total it was on the order of 18% and with the U.S. growth rate at 10%, that gets you to the 14% for the overall company. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, sure, I’d be glad to do that. Process business is just a phenomenal story. They performed extremely well in the second quarter; sales were up more than 35%, it was strong growth evident across all of our process businesses. Oil and gas, as we mentioned in the press release and my opening comments, showed sizeable strengths, but also our material analysis, ultra precision technology, advanced measurement technology and measurement calibration technology, which are really all of the other divisions in this group or in this subsegment, were also very strong.  Organic sales in process were up more than 20% in the quarter. For 2011, we expect the business to grow, overall about 25%, and organic growth will be low double digits. And in particular, we are expecting continued strong performance from our leader cycle oil and gas business. Power/industrial also performed extremely well. Q2 sales that were up more than 25% organically with excellent growth across both the power and industrial parts of the business. If we look at the full year, we expect sales for power and industrial to be up at least high teens, organically in 2011, really driven by strength in our power business, but also our industrial businesses are doing quite well, but not quite as good as the later cycle power businesses.  So if you sum up all of EIG then, including aerospace, we are now expecting 2011, overall sales to be up high teens on a percentage basis, and organic growth of low double digits, and that is an increase of our previous guidance. So, very, very strong performance in EIG.  EMG also did quite well in the quarter, and if we look at the two parts of that business, per your question Matt, for the differentiated EMG businesses, overall sales were up approximately 35% in Q2 and organic sales were very strong with growth of low double digits.  If you look at the parts of that business, the improvement was driven by technical motors, but our emit businesses that I talked about in my opening comments, and also aerospace third party MRO was extremely strong. If we look forward, 2011, we expect this business to be up approximately 25% overall, and organic growth of low double digits. So, very strong performance coming out of the differentiated EMG businesses. Then, the last part of our company is the cost-driven motors business. That is now less than 10% of our sales, and that has definitely returned to what I would call a more normal trend after the strong growth in 2010.  Sales in Q2 were actually down mid-single digits. That was against a very tough comparison. In fact, Q2 2010 was by far the strongest quarter we had last year, and for 2011, we expect this business to be in the low single digits over all. And most importantly, given the sizeable cost improvements we’ve made in this business, we anticipate a double-digit increase in profit for the year for this business. So the team that’s managing this business has done a very, very good job. So if you sum that up, for all of EMG, we’re expecting high-teen growth on a percentage basis for 2011 with organic growth of high single digits. So, if you take what I talked about for EIG and EMG, for AMETEK as a whole, we expect high-teen sales growth on a percentage basis with an organic growth of high single digits, and we may very well get to low double digits for 2011.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, actually, we were pleasantly surprised with our performance in Europe. Obviously, with some of the issues that are going on there, we had anticipated performance that wouldn’t be as strong as it was. And in essence, most of our business is located in Northern Europe, versus Southern Europe, and Northern Europe was quite strong. I think some of our new products as a matter of fact, I know, I don’t think – but I know that some of our new products are having tremendous success in Europe, and that has been a key driver to the growth. It was very nice to see the 10% organic growth, actually 11% organic growth in the quarter. Orders were good, so we think we will have a reasonably second half, even with the problems that are going on there.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, I mean, when we look at our business in the refining area and the chemical area in the U.S., it is largely a replacement business. There isn’t that many plants going up in the United States. And so the growth there is lower than the growth outside the U.S., although we did see growth, and I think that is really based on the fact that during the trials of the recession, these facilities in the U.S. just held back on purchasing anything they didn’t need, and now with the economy a little bit better, their output’s a little bit stronger. They are starting to purchase more of the equipment, and also our new product development efforts helped there as well because for a modest cost, in terms of their total cost to run their factories, they can upgrade their instrumentation to a higher-level instrumentation that will in essence improve their efficiency, so we are definitely seeing some of that. The real story here in these markets is outside the United States and if you look at some of our key businesses like the process business, more than two thirds of that business is outside the U.S., and that is where the real growth is coming from. Even in the refinery and chemical sectors of those businesses-so, it is a very, very positive situation. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, we are seeing some of that, no question about it. I think the chemical business is doing better than it was, but it still pales in comparison to what we are seeing internationally.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, that’s a great question, and I think the best way I can answer it is that with the global macro situation that we are all reading about in the news, we have been cautious about the second half of the year. And clearly, if the trends that we have seen in the second quarter continue, and I can say through at least this far in July, they have continued, those estimates could very well prove to be conservative. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, there is some margin improvement. It really is a mixture. We have the strong backlog that I talked about, so there is plenty of shipment capability off of that back log. And also, some of the operational excellence initiatives that we have in place are going to ramp up a bit as we go in to the second half of the year. So it really is a summation of the sales growth as well as margin improvement. 
Frank Hermance: What we expect for the year, is it’s going to be down about 1%, including that charge that we just talked about, and last quarter we didn’t speak to that.
Frank Hermance: Selling expenses, as John indicated, was up in line with sales and we expect that to, in essence continue. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, we got, we feel about 2% in pricing, and when we analyzed the price versus inflation on the input side of the business, the net of that was on the order of $6 million positive.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, it’s a mixed bag right now. We looked at the trends from Q1 to Q2 on the commodities, and nickel was up from Q1 to Q2. But if you look at steel and you look at copper, it was actually down a little bit.  So we’re seeing variations, but you may recall that we have mechanisms in the company that our profitability is pretty much independent of what happens with these commodity prices. And that’s through a number of activities, but in a number of our businesses we will actually, where there is a high level of the base commodities, we will quote at the spot price of those commodities, and then we buy forward on that material. So we’re not looking at speculating, we know we have the order, et cetera and therefore we’ve locked in the profitability of those commodities.  There could be effect on margin percentage, but it’s not going to effect the total profitability. So, you’ve never heard of us over the last – well, forever really, talking about any major impact to our bottom line from commodity shipping.
Frank Hermance: Why don’t we do that offline for you, Allison, and then we’ll get you the question – or the answer. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, we’re estimating now at least 120 basis point of margin expansion for 2011 over 2010. And as I mentioned before, if the growth rates are better than what we’re forecasting, we’ll see even more margin expansion than that. So I would say 120 basis points is a floor. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah. I think it’s going to be in the later cycle businesses. We’re estimating how rapidly they’re going to grow. If the process businesses continue on the trend that they have been on, they have a good chance of exceeding the estimates that we’ve put in place.  And also, from the viewpoint of aerospace, as I mentioned, our aerospace orders have just taken off. And if that continues, it will come down to how much can we shop in this year versus the next year. So there’s definitely a possibility that those businesses could do better than we’re forecasting.  And I don’t want to leave our power businesses out of this either because the order trends were very, very good in power. And it’s also possible that we could do a bit better there.  So – and I don’t see a huge amount of downside. It really comes down to how much growth are we going to get given this macroeconomic situation that is occurring. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah. We’re up about a 150 people extracting the acquisitions that we did this year. So that’s sort of a baseline-to-baseline employment level. It’s – well, there are predominantly salary positions, which is a change from as we were ramping up at the second part of last year. And it’s largely outside the United States, unfortunately for the U.S.  If you look outside the United States, I don’t know exactly, but it’s probably 2/3 of those hires are outside the U.S., very heavily in the BRIC countries. I have one data point in mind that the BRIC countries, we’re putting in over last year and this year, about 190 people in rough numbers. And most of those are this year. There were about 57 added last year and the remainder is going this year.  So we’re just trying to capitalize on the growth in the BRIC countries. And in terms of layoffs, we’ve had some minor layoffs that are associated with some restructuring activities. But not substantial this year. Obviously, during the downturn, we took about 20% of our entire workforce out and obviously, we are not adding back at that rate at all, and we don’t need to, in essence because we have done infrastructure restructuring and that’s why you’re seeing this phenomenal margin performance, et cetera, that we think we can maintain. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah. It’s largely sales resource in China, and in India, it’s a combination of sales and engineering resource. We now have about 50 people doing engineering work in India in our operation there. And we plan on substantially increasing that. As a matter of fact, we just leased another floor in the building that we’re in, and we expect probably by the end of next year, we’ll have over 100 people doing engineering work in India.  So those are the drivers. There are some other support people, but it’s predominately sales people, feet on the street, sales management people and engineering people.  Again, focused on growth. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah. If you exclude this accelerating vesting of restricted stock, the contribution margin in the business was 37% and if you include it, it was 33%.  So the more normalized rate and what you’d expect to see going forward is above that 35% level. So very good flow through. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah. Let’s talk about the power business first. If you look at our power business, it’s roughly $300 million in volume and a little less than half of that is in test and measurements. And by test and measurement, I mean, these are systems that are used to test power systems in essentially another company’s manufacturing operation. So we can go into any electronics company, or for that matter, a Boeing or anybody that’s producing product and has electronic gear and our systems can automatically test it.  And that business has been the key driver, or a key driver to the growth in ours. And that reflects the general trends that you’re seeing in the test and measurement market, in a broader sense than just power.  In addition, our battery backup system, which is a large percentage of the remaining business, it’s about $100 million. They have about half of their business that actually goes in oil and gas. And when we speak about oil and gas, we don’t include that. We include that portion as part of the power business.  And that’s following the same trends that we’re seeing in our process businesses, with very, very strong growth. And the remaining piece of the business is essentially instrumentation that goes into tests and distribution and generation of power. And that’s rebounding nicely, not as strong as the other two parts that I talked about, but there’s strength across that entire power business.  The second part of your questions around defense, you may recall that we make some very good investments quite a number of years ago on both sides of our defense aerospace business. In the EIG side, we decided to invest in helicopters. It fit the capabilities of AMETEK. We saw growth opportunities in helicopters and to be very honest about it, I don’t think any of us anticipated that helicopters would be doing as well as they are. So we are riding that trend of military and not even in terms of as much wars as it is, they have to change the dynamics of their air fleet to simply put more helicopters in it.  So that business is doing well. And then the second issue on the EMT side of the business is that we are the prime supplier to the military for cooling systems on any electronic devices. You know, we have fans that are just ingrained in the military, very high-performance fans that can cool electronics. And what’s happening is there is a – even with the constraints on the budgets that we’re seeing now and that we’re going to see, the electronic content of what’s going into, in essence, the military, is simply increasing.  So even with a flat topline on military business in terms of the overall market, or even a decreasing trend with that electronics content increasing with that, we’re enjoying that. So as a result, our military business is doing okay. You know, it’s not at the same – it’s not growing at the same level as our commercial businesses that I talked about, but it’s still doing quite well and we’re optimistic, even with what’s occurring in Congress now, that we’ll be able to do well.  And again, remember, it’s only about a third of our aerospace business. So it’s, you know, it’s not a major part of our company. 
Frank Hermance: It’s $30 million, but there’s a huge opportunity here and I can expand on this a little bit. We’re in the final states of putting a lease together, so lease 100,000-plus square foot facility in Brazil and it’s a result of initially winning that large contract that I talked about in my opening remarks that concurred. But we’re going to use this facility as we have in China, as we have in Mexico and as we have in Eastern Europe, now as a location where all of our divisions will have access to do manufacturing in Brazil.  And manufacturing in Brazil is very important because there are significant tariffs that they impose on anything that is imported in. And they’re obviously trying to encourage it’s local manufacturing. So we’ve decided that in essence to further penetrate that market, it’s essential to manufacture there. So we’re starting to do that. And in addition to that, in the same facility, we’re in the beginnings of building the same type of distribution infrastructure locally that we have in China, that we have in Europe, that we have in Eastern Europe. And we just hired a general manager, a very, very strong guy, who’s going to oversee both the manufacturing and the distribution side of this business.  So we’re going to make significant investments in Brazil. We, as I think you’re aware, we’ve made significant investments in China, more recently in India and Brazil is the next part of the world that we’re going to focus on. 
Frank Hermance: It’s basically our process businesses and our low-end floor care business. Those are the two businesses that represent the largest part of Asia markets.  Our power businesses are more in the beginning of penetrating that part of the world. I think there’s tremendous opportunity for our power businesses, but they are not at the same level of sales at this point that our process and floor care motor businesses are. 
Frank Hermance: In terms of, if we look at EMG, this is strategic what we’re doing and it lines up directly with what we really have been talking about for a number of years, where when you go back in time, that segment was predominately floor-care motors. And the dynamics in that business, as we all know, is – it’s a lower growth kind of business. So strategically, we said we are going to focus on differentiated businesses that in essence can go into EMG. And we decided to essentially grow off of businesses that AMETEK already owned, although at that time had very strong levels of sales.  So we had a specialty metals business for many, many years, actually, it was acquired more than 20 years ago because it was acquired before I came to AMETEK and I’ve been here about 20 years. And a very, very good, high profit margins, and we looked at opportunities around it. And in essence, this metals focus came out of that activity.  And for many years, we’ve been talking about medical. We think that’s a good market for both instruments as well as the electromechanical side of the business. And as we looked at that, there’s opportunities on both halves of the business, but we’ve been fortunate enough to get companies that we know something about, we know a lot about metals and that type of product, and essentially, putting it into a very good market, which is medical.  So this is strategic. It’s not opportunistic. It’s opportunistic in the sense that when acquisitions fit that model, we go after them. But it wasn’t that these businesses were just available and we said, oh, let’s go there. 
Frank Hermance: No question. Actually, I can tell you that we’re working on one right now and again, I’m not going to postulate whether we’ll close it or not. There’s always issues with deals, but hopefully we will. So there’s definitely additional opportunities there. They’re great businesses and actually, in terms of multiple, the multiples on those businesses are actually lower.  And the reason they’re lower, it’s not because of the growth, it’s because most of those companies don’t have the inherent ability to do PMAs and DDRs. And therefore, their margins are low because they have to essentially buy all the material from the OEMs and the OEMS mark them up.  And therefore, there’s a discount on the multiple of those businesses. So what we do, is most of those businesses we bought, I don’t know exactly, but probably in the 6 ½, 7 times trailing EBITDA, we bring them in and we do the PMAs and the DDRs so we can get the profit margins up from say 10%, 18 or 19% so they’re you know, from a return on invested capital viewpoint, they’re homeruns in essence. So the next model that – and the reasons we went after these businesses and you add that to the great growth rate, and you know, it’s very, very good business.  On the other side of this, we don’t want to have our aerospace business become just a third-party MRO business. We see it as an adjunct to our base business. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah. I think I can give you an answer to that, Jim. If we look at just commercial aerospace, it’s about 20% of our total business in aerospace. And our total aerospace business is on the order of 550 – let’s round it to $600 million. So 20% is $120 million. So that’s roughly where we are today.  And you look at these production rates and you know, this year Boeing is growing in terms of number of aircraft, about 10% and Airbus is growing about 5%. So say – and they’re roughly splitting the market, so they’ve got 7-8% growth. And then you take the aftermarket piece of this, which is going to grow in that same number. So I think if you take that $120 million number and put, excluding any additional acquisitions, you put a, you know a high single digit organic growth rate on it and roll that out, I think that’s a reasonable model for that business.  I don’t know exactly where that ends up in 2014, but I think if you did it that way that would give you a reasonable model. 
Frank Hermance: Oh yeah, no I think definitely we can continue to do margin expansion. Just the growth, if you’ll look at the organic growth in our businesses and in response to Wendy’s questions with this greater-than 35% contribution margin, as you get the growth and that kind of contribution margin, there’s really only one place that bottom line margins can go an that’s up. So I think there’s definitely expansion there.  And I could also say that the aerospace contribution margins are higher than the company average because obviously, they’re, you know, very, very good businesses. So you know, excluding any cost activities that we’ve put in place, there’s definitely margin potential here. 
John Molinelli: I can handle the group breakdown. It’s about 2.1 million in G&A, about a little less than a million in EMG and then the balance in EIG.
John Molinelli: The tax impact cost us about six tenths of a percent on the effected tax rate in the quarter, so instead of 31.4 we would have been 30.8. 
John Molinelli: Let’s see. Yes, so sequentially, it was down as reported. I haven’t tried to calculate the impact of the restricted stock on that. I’ll have to do that offline. 
