Frank Hermance: We’ll start with EIG. Our EIG aerospace business had a strong quarter on continued strength in commercial aerospace. Sales were up approximately 10% organically in the quarter and orders were also very strong, up high single-digits.  And as we look to the remainder of 2014, we expect continued strength in our EIG aerospace business. Trends in OEM build rates support really good commercial sales, while the continued ramp up of key business and regional jet platforms also will provide solid growth.  As a side note, if you look at Boeing and Airbus, their production this year, the sum of the two is expected to be up about 6%, with Boeing actually up about 12% and Airbus up about 1%. So very good, solid performance here in terms of the aerospace market itself. So for all of 2014, we are estimating EIG aerospace would be up mid-single digits and we may very well be conservative on that outlook. Moving to our process businesses, the overall performance of our process businesses was superb. Sales were up midteens on a percentage basis, with organic sales up high single-digits. Organic growth was broad-based across our process businesses, with strength in our Micro-Poise, UPT technology, measurement and calibration technology, and our material analysis operations. So this is a bit of a change, where if you look at the beginning of last year, this business was being driven by oil and gas. Oil and gas is still fine, but now we’re really seeing broad-based recovery in the process businesses. The overall growth was also driven by the contributions from the Controls Southeast, Creaform, and VTI acquisitions. So for the full year, we expect our process businesses to grow high single-digits overall, with organic growth up low to mid-single digits. The last part of EIG is power and industrial. Sales for power and industrial were up about 30% in the first quarter, really driven by the contribution from the recent acquisitions of Powervar and Teseq. Organically, sales for power and industrial were flat, and as a result of these recent acquisitions in the power segment, we expect overall sales for power and industrial to be up approximately 30% in 2014 with organic growth up low to mid-single digits. So, Matt, if you take those three parts of EIG and sum them, for all of EIG we’re expecting overall 2014 sales to be up midteens on a percentage basis, with organic growth up low to mid-single digits.  Moving to the other half of the company, overall sales for our differentiated businesses were up low single digit on a percentage basis in the quarter. We saw very solid growth in our precision motion control and thermal systems business, but it was offset by weakness in our third-party MRO business and that was driven really as the result of a very difficult last year comparison in that MRO business.  For 2014, we expect our differentiated EMG businesses to be up low to mid-single digits on an organic basis. And the last part of the company, which is floor care and specialty motors, sales in our floor care and specialty motors businesses were up low single digits in the quarter and for all of 2014, we expect sales for this business to be up low single digits. So if you sum those pieces of EMG, for all of EMG, for 2014, we are expecting overall growth of low to mid-single digits. And if you take the results I just went over and take EIG and EMG together, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, for AMETEK as a whole we expect this high single-digit sales growth with organic growth up 2% to 4%. So Matt, that’s a summary.
Frank Hermance: Backlog ended at $1.2 billion. It was up from $1.1 billion as I mentioned. Orders were up about 14% overall to $998 million, and organically, that was up about in line with sales. It was 2.5% organically.
Frank Hermance: No, not at all. One of the advantages of the way we have evolved the company is we have a number of what I would call sublegs in the company, where we can put deals in. And as we look at our deals, I surely don’t want multiple deals being driven by the same management team, but because we have these other legs, we can continue to do this. And one of the really positive things here is a number of our divisions now have risen in their capability, where in essence they can handle the deals, where if you go back in time, they were more handled by us at the corporate level.  So we can continue to do this, we can continue to roll them up. Obviously, we’re not doing the megadeals, which then this strategy wouldn’t work. But by buying these companies that are in the $50 million to $200 million in sales region, we can continue this, and we really don’t have any significant management constraints. 
Frank Hermance: It was actually $92 million, but we decided not to sort of put that extra $2 million in. But I would expect, as we go forward, that the team is doing a really superb job here and so I would expect that number to increment up as we go through the year.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, I think that’s an accurate way of talking about it. And also, if you look at the trend of organic growth in the company, the trend is definitely in a positive direction looking over the last three quarters or four quarters. So we’ve been probably a bit conservative on our sales outlook. And if that organic growth does continue to creep up more towards the higher end of our guidance range, that also is going to obviously provide some more earnings.  So we’re actually feeling pretty good right now, that although this recovery is a bit slow and painful, we definitely can feel it and see it in the numbers, that there is improvement as you go quarter to quarter. It’s not monumental, but it’s still there, so the trend is in the right direction. So we felt pretty confident in raising the estimates that couple cents. 
Frank Hermance: One of the areas of weakness that you heard me talk about was power and industrial, and that’s sort of the one large segment in our business where the organic growth just is not as strong as we had hoped. And even though aerospace is doing great and our processes businesses themselves are doing very, very well, power and industrial is a bit of a drag. But what we’re hoping is we’re going to see incremental improvement in that as we go forward. But we haven’t put that in our forecast, and that’s probably the reason that we’ve held that guidance a bit low on the EMG side.  On the EMG side, we were flat in the first quarter, but we are predicting that we’re going to be in that low to mid-single digits. So we do expect that to definitely improve, and that’s why hopefully we’re going to end up at the higher end of our overall guidance for the company of a 2% to 4% kind of number. 
Frank Hermance: No. Orders were not as strong in EMG. Organically, they were down a bit and they were up about 6%, if I recall correctly, in EIG. But you have to be careful, when you look at orders for our businesses, because we’ve got many long cycle businesses that basically you can have ups and downs in any quarter, so I wouldn’t focus too much on the order intake in a given quarter. But I do think you’re going to see EMG organic growth improve, and we may be conservative on EIG organic growth. That’s probably the best way I can answer your question.
Frank Hermance: No, it’s exactly what you said, and we have been saying for a long time when we look at overall margin growth for the company, that EMG will be a key driver. Because if you look at the absolute levels of the margin between EIG and EMG, EIG was the 26.3%, I think it was, and EMG at around 20.8%.  So there’s two drivers for that. There’s definitely the cost reductions and some of the improvements that we have put through the business have definitely been in EMG. There’s also a natural effect that as the portion of EMG moves more to the differentiated businesses versus the floor care and specialty motors or cost driven side of that business, there will be a natural positive movement in those margins.  And as you know, we’re not buying companies or investing heavily in the floor care or specialty motors business, where we are in the differentiated EMG businesses, so you’ll continue to see that basic change in the portfolio, which will also be a positive for margins.
Frank Hermance: Obviously the deal sizes are going to increase a bit as our overall size increases, but it’s not monumental. And we have really been looking in this $50 million to $200 million in sales arena. Zygo is in the $165 million arena, so I consider that in the sweet spot. But if you look at the two other deals we did this quarter, the first one, Teseq, was I think $50 million. VTI was $40 million, so that’s sort of the range that we’re looking in.  In terms of the backlog, I’m delighted with the backlog right now. Our team both in corporate and the M&A people that we have put in our businesses have done just an excellent job of getting deals up on the table. And some of these deals are proprietary, where we have gone out and talked to these companies, sometimes for many, many years, and then when they are ready to sell, they will come to us, and in some cases not even go through an investment banking kind of process.  So we have a really, I would say, solid backlog. I can tell you I’m working on a deal just as we speak. I don’t know whether we’re going to get the deal or not, but in terms of capital deployed, that particular deal would be larger than Zygo. But not, again, monumentally larger, but it would be a larger deal.  So if I said something in my opening remarks that implied a major change, that, I don’t think, is the case. It’s really I would say an incremental sort of change to be looking at a little bit bigger deals, but nothing fundamental in terms of looking, for instance, for a merger of equals. That’s not even in our paradigm. You’re unable to get the synergies and unable to going to the returns that you guys enjoy.
Frank Hermance: I would say incrementally we improved during the quarter. March was very, very good. We can’t assign a major sort of factor to weather. I know a lot of companies have come out and said January and February were weaker because of weather. I really can’t say that there was any substantial change due to that factor. What I’m seeing, and what I’m just feeling in the business, to my comments before, is we’re just seeing a gradual improvement in the business, and we definitely saw that, I would say, through the quarter, with a pretty strong March.
Frank Hermance: Well, I was actually talking sequentially through the quarter. I wasn’t talking quarter over quarter when I was making my remarks.
Frank Hermance: Oh, I’m sorry, I misinterpreted your question. On a year over year basis, yeah, it’s better, there’s no question. As I said, we were up just about 3 points organically in the quarter on orders. And if you look at the order progression and the sales progression, any organic growth is getting stronger. It’s not monumental, but you can feel it getting stronger.
Frank Hermance: If I could just augment what Bob said, we find when we acquire companies there’s significant leverage in just procuring parts from international, so that a good part of the leverage comes from the companies that we’ve recently acquired. If we look at more of our mature businesses, where they are already procuring a large amount of their material from low-cost regions, that’s where the value analysis and value engineering that Bob mentioned comes into play.  And we have really put, across the company, the training that is necessary to do value analysis and value engineering, and these are very short term projects that basically you can improve the cost of the product, largely through materials, but not solely through materials. That’s more the value analysis piece, and then the value engineering piece is more in the sense of making some changes in the product so that you can get incremental sales.  And we are now allocating a portion of our engineering talent to this VA/VE activity, so that we can just keep this number rolling. So it’s just a super strategy, and it’s working extremely well for us.
Frank Hermance: I think that’s right. I think your analysis is correct, and I think as we do deals, you’re going to continue to see some dilutive impact on our margins, because we purposely want to buy companies where their margins are below ours, so that we can, over time, improve those businesses.  And if you look historically, we’ve always been able to outgrow that dilutive impact. So even with the dilutive impact that you’ve talked about, even though we talked about it just in EIG, if you look at it at a company level, it was about 50 basis points. So we showed 40 basis points of improvement, and if you add that dilutive impact, our overall company margins would have been up 90 basis points instead of 40 basis points.  So your discussion and what Scott just talked about and asked a question on are really the core of AMETEK. We’re just really good at basically managing our businesses effectively and if our businesses come in with a budget that doesn’t show sizable cost improvements, we have a long discussion about that, because we feel you’ve got to be continually improving your business and continually improving your margins. And yes, I think you’re going to see more improvement in EIG and EMG just because of the level of absolute margins in the EMG side of the business. 
Frank Hermance: That could be, but now remember, the Zygo acquisition, if we close it, is going to come in and it’s going to go in EIG. So it’s public, and therefore there’s going to be a dilutive impact. But we look at that positively, because we’re going to get a super return on invested capital on a deal like that.
Frank Hermance: If you look at the organic growth by region for the first quarter, the organic growth largely came out of Asia. It was up about 17%, actually, in Asia. The U.S. was flat, but that’s actually an improving trend if you look at this by sequential quarters. The U.S. is continuing to improve and we think that will continue as we go through the year. Europe was organically up about 1%, and that’s a lower number than what we had been talking about. But there was an abnormality in Europe in that as I mentioned in my remarks, the MRO business basically, which is largely European based, had a very tough comparison.  And so if you actually extract that from the Europe organic growth, it would be similar to what we’ve seen in the last few quarters, up in that mid-single digit region, and improving. I mean, again, you can feel some improvement in Europe. It’s not monumental, but the improvement is there. And then Asia, up very, very strong. And this was across Asia that we saw this. And I think I can say it’s a key result of the investments that we have been putting into Asia. A large portion of our incremental growth capital or growth expense has gone into that region, and we saw broad-based performance with very strong performance in Japan, for instance, very strong performance in Singapore. Strong performance in China. Korea, Bob just mentioned, which is absolutely right. We saw strong performance there.  You know, the markets are not great, but on the other hand, the GDPs in those countries are still higher than they are in other parts of the world. And you couple that with our lower share and investment levels, and it’s doing just find for us. So we were very pleased. So I think the expectations are, incremental improvement in the U.S., Europe will, I think, pop back a bit, just because of that tough comparison. And Asia is going to be good. Is it going to be 17% growth for the next few quarters on a quarter over quarter basis? Probably not quite that strong, but it’s going to be good.
Frank Hermance: It obviously depends on when Zygo closes, and that’s going to close at the end of the quarter. So if it happens then, it’s not going to have a major impact on Q2. You would see it more in Q3 than Q2. I think probably the soonest would be the second week in June. That probably won’t happen, but that’s the soonest. So as I’m thinking about your question, there probably is not going to be any major impact, even if it closes a bit earlier in the second quarter. But you can expect to see it in the third quarter.
John Baliotti: Frank, you talked about the margin impact from acquisitions in EIG, which is obviously typical of new deals. But you also pointed out that EMG had very impressive margins. I think if I went back in my model, I don’t think they were ever this high in the first quarter going back 15 or 20 years. So I’m wondering, it seems like that bodes very well for the things you’ve been talking about, of global sourcing, just integrating the cost structure of the businesses, not to mention the revenue leverage on future EIG margins.
John Baliotti: You talked about obviously that you expect a lot more improvement out of EMG given the delta between the two, but it seems like you’re probably going to keep raising the bar on EIG, given the near term headwinds that it faces as you do more of the M&A on that segment.
John Baliotti: I guess the conclusion was that you clearly haven’t peaked on the profitability of EMG on a core basis.
