Dave Zapico: Yes, that's to start off the year, and there a potential to do more, and -- but the $90 million was a good number, and it's incremental; Keep in mind, incremental over what we've done in 2022. So, it's incremental, and we're making healthy investments in RD&E, it's up double digits for the year, and healthy investments for sales and marketing. So, we think the $90 million is appropriate. And, obviously, that can be flexed up or down if required.
Dave Zapico: Not really. I mean, the -- obviously, our growth is slowing, but the record backlogs and we're executing very well, we're getting the price, and it still feels good to us. It feels strong and good. And when you get out to the second-half of 2023, I mean this is a -- there's less visibility because you're further out, but our backlog is at a record level. It's usually at about 30% of annual sales. And right now, it's running at about 50% of annual sales. So, we feel really good. And we don't see a slowdown yet.
Dave Zapico: That's a great question, Deane. Our overall orders were up 1.5% in the quarter. And the overall demand environment, as I answered Allison's questions, feels really solid. We had our 10th straight positive book-to-bill quarter. And we ended with an all-time record backlog as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. And this level of backlog, as I said, was 50% of our annual sales, well above the normal level of 30%. And it's up 78% from the end of 2020. So, we're in a really strong position as we enter 2023. So, your question on some of the nuances, if you recall, over the last couple of earnings calls, we highlighted a couple of dynamics that would impact our order growth. But the first was the difficult comparisons we're facing because as orders have been strong for an extended period of time. To give some context, over the prior nine quarters, our orders grew over 20% a quarter. So, it's been sizable and sustained that that helped build the backlog. The second dynamic we highlighted was the expectation of customers to return to more normalized ordering patterns. Now that the supply chain is improving and -- we started to see that dynamic play out in the fourth quarter. So, overall, we're comfortable with our order levels in Q4. After starting off in January and we just finished January, we had another sold orders a month, ahead of our expectations, and solidly up from January 2022 order levels. So, again, we're feeling pretty good with a strong backlog and our orders are hanging in there. So, we think that we're in -- looking at a pretty good year.
Dave Zapico: Yes, the first point I'd like to make is that when you're looking at customer inventories, a lot of our products are customized, and they're high-value products. So, we don't really have a lot of distributor stocking issues to worry about. That's particularly true in EIG. In EMG, there's more of an OEM deal with the customer base, and that's where you're seeing a bit of the customer ordering patterns normalize. But overall, we think we've got a good handle on it, and we feel pretty good about where we're at.
Dave Zapico: Hey, that’s a really interesting, that's really helping, but that team did a great job. And it’s working on fusion energy is a great thing. And, it just shows our capability.
Dave Zapico: Yes. That was overall worse. Organic was down minus 2. And so, overall orders were up 1.5. Organic was minus 2. And both segments were about at that same 1:1 book-to-bill. So, wasn’t a distinct difference between the segments, and as I said, overall demand environment showed a solid 10 straight quarter of book-to-bill. So, we have a strong backlog. And as we have this dynamic of customers returning to more normalized ordering patterns, we have a strong backlog. So, we feel pretty good about it.
Dave Zapico: Yes, they are going very well. I mean Bill and I have met with both of the acquisition integration teams and really positive. Just to recap a little bit, RTDS provides real-time power simulations used by utilities and various strategic acquisitions that broadens our power instruments businesses with differentiated testing and measurement and simulation capabilities. So, it's attractive position and high growth market. Really good team, I mean, just experts in the field. And it's kind of fun interacting with them. And they're really adopting AMETEK and feel good about that one. Same with Navitar, Navitar is in some good growth markets. The optics market is doing quite well with us. And even in the semiconductor space, where they play their main customers is one that's very differentiated and has unique capabilities. So, that along with Life Sciences along with machine vision, there's a very good outlook there. And that business is a little bit different as being integrated into our Zygo business. So, it has new capability for Zygo. Much needed capacity for Zygo and the integration is going very well.
Dave Zapico: Right, yes, I think with the interest rates increasing, and with money, not as free as it was, is actually an advantage to us. So, we have a good pipeline and a good balance sheet. And we remain very active with a solid pipeline of deals, the valuations have come in a bit. We're looking at some quality assets, though. So, they're still a bit elevated from historical levels, but no doubt they've come in. And important for us in our pipeline, we have a very disciplined acquisition process. And these deals are going to meet our traditional financial hurdles, which is primarily a return on invested capital of 10% by the third year of ownership. These are important thresholds for us as we want to ensure we're providing a strong level returns on the capital we deploy for our shareholders. And that's been a hallmark of AMETEK's acquisition program for a long period of time. We do this all with cash and debt, don't use equity. And there's a bigger pipeline right now than has been historically because when there's less, less money around the system to bid up deals. So, we feel pretty good with where we're at. And if we do something, and I believe we will be talking to you about deals in the near future, they're going to be, they're going to meet all of our traditional hurdles. And we're committed to have an investment grade credit rating, and we got plenty of about $2.3 billion of capital and financing capacity available. So, in this environment, discipline is going to be a key word as it's always been for AMETEK. But have been very key in terms of executing our forward-looking M&A strategy.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I think that what you're going to see, there's still an elevated level of inflation. But at the same time, some of the one-time distributor purchases of inventory are going to go away. So, there's going to be some natural tailwinds for us in terms of margins, we expect that working in the P&L in our budget model, our productivity/cost savings of about $110 million. So, we think it'll be substantial. And that's where we're starting out the year but we think there's maybe even some upside to that. And it's largely related to a, and there is a couple of opposing forces, you're dealing with inflation and some costs of things are still going up. But at the same time, some of the supply chain issues are working the other way and especially the higher prices that we paid on a one-time basis to some of the electronics distributors to continue shipping products.
Dave Zapico: We added a lot of capacity in 2022, we brought some low cost region facilities online, we've talked about that. For 2023, we expect our capital expenditures to be flat, a little bit more than 2% of sales, as we've done historically. So, and it's a good balance between growth CapEx, maintenance CapEx and CapEx funding cost reductions.
Dave Zapico: Yes, if you think about it from the customer's view, they've kind of got trained by the pandemic, to order things early. And now, most companies are getting including AMETEK is getting back to being able to deliver in lead time. And in fact, that's part of the reason that we grow our businesses at a faster rate during the pandemic period, we were able to ship and deliver and we had the inventory buffer. So, what's happening is, as customers normalize their buying patterns, they don't have to order early anymore. And that's what's really happening, I think across the broader supply chain, and we're seeing that. So, that's the main normalization that we're talking about.
Dave Zapico: AMETEK has historically bought through both upcycles and down cycles. And sometimes you can get your best deals during a down cycle. And you have to be cognizant of what the forward-looking EBITDA is not really the trailing, but the forward. So, it's something that we've been keenly aware of for years, and we're focused on it.
Dave Zapico: Yes, that's a good way to think about it. And I'll try to put some more color into that. I mean, if you look at 2022, what stood out was our healthcare component. And our healthcare component is a big part of process across all of AMETEK, it's about 50% of sales, but it's a big part of the process. And I'll give you an idea. And Q4, our rolling business was up 20% organically, so they're really doing a good job. And that market has -- hospital spending has been fantastic for us, and people were putting in new systems post-pandemic. Also the semiconductor markets about 6% of sales, and the vast majority of that is in process and the semiconductor market was up high single-digits in the Q4. And we think in 2023, there'll be a slight downtick there, that'll be up low-to-mid but still growing because we have a lot of applications and research and also in the areas that are continuing to grow. So, we're in the right places in semiconductor. So, you got healthcare, you got semiconductor. You got the research market where we've had with our CAMECA business just every lab in the world has to have one of our atom probes, every lab in the world has to have some of our SIMS products. So, their backlog is really good. And they're doing well. And then, you got the old traditional oil and gas part of process. And that's doing very well in Q4, it was up high-single-digits. And for all '22, it was up low double-digits. And for '23, we expect plus high-single-digits. So, process is doing very well. And we think it's going to continue in the future.
Dave Zapico: Good question. In terms of incrementals, in both groups, I think the core incrementals will be up 30% to 35%. And I think the core and reported margins will be up 30 to 40 Bps. So, we really think we have a clear line of sight to grow margins. Again, there'll be healthy incrementals. And we'll be able to increase our core margins as we go forward.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I think for 2023, we think that business will be at mid-single-digits. And both our automation and our engineering solutions will be up mid-single-digits, I think that we're selling to mainly OEM customers there. So, you're going to have a bit of the effect of the ordering patterns, a change in ordering patterns there, but we have a really healthy backlog. So, it's really what we talked about customers are changing ordering patterns. We're really good at delivery. So, we're meeting our customer commitments, so they're now ordering at normal lead times. So, you'll see a little bit of the order corrections that we talked about in Q4 continuing. But we still have a record backlog and all the comments that I made hold for that part of the business also.
Dave Zapico: Right, it's pretty tough. And again, we grew mid-teens in 2022. So, that growth for 2023 is up low-to-mid. So, it's a substantial decline. But we're still growing and the reason we're growing the key application areas, at our CAMECA business, they're really involved in semiconductor research and development and staying ahead and getting the next generation. And we have some tools that are must haves for the semiconductor market, and really strong backlogs and orders are continuing well. And then, the second area is we're in the EUV optics area for used in semiconductor fabrication. So, the EUV market is kind of separate from the memory market and really strong. So, those two areas are the good part of our semiconductor business and they're really strong. And that's why we think we'll still be able to grow low to mid-single-digits in an environment where you have some of the headwinds.
