David A. Zapico: Sure, Scott. In Q1, we achieved price of about 1.4% and total inflation was about 1.2%. We were able to more than offset inflationary cost with increased pricing and I think the results speak to the differentiated nature of our product portfolio and our leadership position in our niche markets and our outstanding supply chain capability, and we expect that to continue for the year and we'll be able to offset inflation with price.
David A. Zapico: Sure, Scott. I'll start with the process business. Our process businesses had an outstanding start to the year. Overall sales were up 20%. High-single-digit organic growth and contributions from the Rauland and MOCON acquisitions were the key drivers. Continuing the trend from last year, we saw strong broad-based organic growth in the quarter with particularly solid growth across our Zygo, Creaform, TMC, Precitech and Energy & Process Instrumentation businesses. And for all of 2018, we continue to expect broad-based strength with our organic sales up mid-single digits. Overall aerospace sales were up low-teens in the quarter, driven by contributions from recently acquired FMH and mid-single-digit organic growth. Growth remained strong across our military businesses as we are seeing solid demand both in the U.S. and internationally, and we're also seeing continued solid growth across our commercial aerospace and aftermarket businesses. They had a very good quarter. For all of 2018, we continue to expect organic sales growth for aerospace businesses to be up mid-single digits with solid growth across each market segment. Our power and industrial businesses saw strong growth in the first quarter with overall sales up 10%, driven by mid-single-digit organic growth and contributions from recently acquired Arizona Instrument. Growth was solid in both our power and industrial segments with notable strength across our power test and measurement business, including programmable power and VTI. And for 2018, we now expect power and industrial organic sales to be up mid-single digits. And finally, our automated (sic) [automation] and engineered solutions business had an excellent start to the year, with low-double-digit organic sales growth in the first quarter. We continued to see strong sales and order strengths across both our automation businesses and our engineered solutions business. In 2018, we now expect mid to high-single-digit organic sales growth for all of our automated (sic) [automation] and engineered solutions businesses. That's around the horn, Scott.
David A. Zapico: Right, right. SoundCom is a value-added reseller for Rauland and they actually represent about 5% of Rauland's sales, and they're in high-density healthcare markets of Ohio and Michigan. And Rauland – the VARs are very important to the Rauland model. So, they've had a long-term business relationship and Rauland has VARs in some regions that they own. I mentioned Florida and California, and this was a natural logical adjacency. So, they have customers that include large healthcare systems like the Cleveland Clinic, Mercy Health, educational facilities like Ohio State, Michigan State, and they're really key to Rauland because they provide the deep technical expertise in designing and integrating the advanced solutions that Rauland delivers. They have integrated solutions that move Rauland closer to the end customer. So, it positions really the value-added resellers, Rauland is a natural acquirer for those type of companies in high-density population areas and they also make Rauland a natural acquirer for attractive adjacent markets, because the VARs also represent those products. So, we see that as a very attractive way for Rauland to expand because Rauland has their own VARs, they have optimized the processes, so there's a lot of synergies in these regional VARs. And then in addition to that, it provides closer customer contact and growth opportunities. This particular business has grown low-double digits average compounded annually over the last five years. So, it's a very good grower. Low-double-digit EBITDAs and it's a nice opportunity for Rauland to expand their footprint and get closer to the customers. In less dense parts of the country, parts of the world, value-added resellers still make sense, but in some places it makes sense for Rauland to get closer to the customer.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, with 8% organic growth and 12% organic growth in orders, we're certainly seeing some tangible success from our organic growth initiatives. Our focus on improving the front end of our business and continuing success from new product development efforts is driving market share gains. We've talked before about our growth kaizens and we're seeing very tangible benefits from specific actions and we're very optimistic with this effort and there's more to come. But also the general economic improvements is certainly a key driver, and it's really difficult to distinguish between the two. But what I can say, we see no slowdown at all in the way we're looking at the world right now. We see strong growth across all of our product groups. We're growing in all geographies and we're feeling really good.
David A. Zapico: Right. Great question, Rob. We expect to maintain a positive price inflation spread for the whole year, and we're talking about price inflation, we're just talking about inflation, we're not talking about productivity. That's just a pure total inflation number. And with our differentiated businesses and our closeness to the customer, we have a wide moat around our businesses. We can pass on the increased cost for inflation. So, we really expect a positive price inflation spread in the 20 to 30 bps range and we expect to hold that this year and there's no reason that that won't continue into 2019.
David A. Zapico: Those are all great questions, Rob. I mean the current M&A environment is very similar to what we've been experiencing the past couple of years. Pricing is elevated. There is plenty of cash-chasing deals. Now with the public market coming back again, that will eventually flow into the private market, but despite this market we've been successful in deploying our free cash flow on acquisitions. I mean, since the – I mentioned in my prepared remarks, since the beginning of 2017 we acquired five companies and deployed nearly $835 million in capital and we're off to a great start in 2018. And our pipeline remains very active. You never know if something is going to transact in the short term, but I expect you'll be hearing from us again this year on M&A. Our strong pipeline along with the M&A processes gives me confidence. And mentioned the larger deals or the size deals that we've been doing, we're going to execute our – we can do either one to execute our strategy. We've opened up our pipeline to slightly larger deals in the $200 million to $300 million revenue range, there will be deployments of capital of $1 billion, but we can keep doing the smaller deals and we can still get the earnings growth because of the way we structured the business and our acquisition process. So, I'm feeling really good about it. And you mentioned finally our firepower, I think Bill mentioned our existing cash and credit facility was about – we have about $1.5 billion in firepower and most importantly, we'll generate another $865 million, $870 million in free cash flow in 2018. So, we really have the firepower. Our net debt-to-EBITDA is about 1.35. Our gross debt-to-EBITDA is 1.85. So, we could deploy 2-plus billion in capital this year, and really the strategy is not capital limited, it's finding those key acquisitions that we can add value to, so we can maintain a return on invested capital of 10% in year three. That's the key hurdle for us. That gives you the return on total capital for the whole business, and AMETEK has extremely strong return on total capital for an acquisitive company, and we maintain that discipline and that discipline is the limiter right now. But we are clearly looking at things and our pipeline's full, and we'll be clear to select the deals that we can make the most – that we can approve the most, but I think the – I'm very optimistic about what I see in our pipeline right now.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Our EBITDA was a record $306 million this quarter. It's 26% of sales, so a very good number. Our D&A was about $49 million, and as I said in our last call, that we looked at that at the beginning of the year and we decided not to do it. And we'll look at it again next year. But that's the decision we made for 2018.
David A. Zapico: It's pretty much bullish across our whole portfolio. We were in Asia this quarter, the executive office went for our annual regional review in Asia, and that region was incredibly bullish, and we're seeing strength in the U.S., continuing strength in Europe, and all of our product groups are very positive. We're even seeing some of the longer cycle elements of our portfolio, like the mid and downstream oil and gas, the military parts of our business, they're very bullish about bigger projects breaking later in the year and into 2019. So, our automation businesses are firing on all cylinders. So, we're not seeing any slowdown and we feel really good about the year. We feel really good about how the year's playing out.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I think we've had a strategy for a long period of time to acquire businesses that are really leaders in niche markets and that puts us in a position – we're providing more value, these are markets that are sticky customer relationships. And we're providing a lot of value to these customers and we get in situations like this, we view it as only fair that we can pass those prices on to customers. So, we feel really good about our portfolio and we feel really good about achieving price out of inflation in 2018 and 2019.
David A. Zapico: Deane, we were seeing it. We saw an uptick in our business in 2017 in the second half and that was pretty measurable. But into 2018, we have not seen an incremental increase from tax reform. It's just remained strong. So, I can't say that we've seen an increase specifically tied to tax reform and with specific customers with regard to tax reform. It's just really good and it's staying that way.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, it's a great question, Deane. We do not import much steel and aluminum, so really a minimal impact from that. We are watching the entire situation closely as you can imagine, including secondary impacts. We have very good supply chain capability and flexibility and we're doing some planning on the supply chain side, if we need to react quickly. And the same point that goes to pricing, we're leaders in niche markets and we have sticky customer relationships and have the ability to pass on cost increases to customers. So, we're examining numerous countermeasures, just something be enacted. Right now we don't see a measurable impact to our business, but it's uncertain and we're closely monitoring it.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, it's all the above. We're investing about $75 million this year in growth investments and heavy investments in digital marketing, heavy investments in a lot of selling tools and also heavy investments in product development. So, we're feeling really good about the investments. We think we're getting a great return and we're optimistic about that in the future.
David A. Zapico: Brett, EMG had a great quarter. I mean, sequentially, the margins were up 170 basis points and on a core basis, they were up 30 bps. So, we're pretty pleased with the performance.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I think we've guided to the incrementals in the low-30s, 35% and I think in general, the Instruments side of our business has little bit higher incrementals, so I would say in the 35% to 40% range, and EMG is a little bit lower in the 25% to 30% range.
David A. Zapico: I would characterize the bulk of the portfolio in mid and longer cycle businesses. We don't have many short cycle businesses, but the vast majority of the portfolio is in mid and longer cycle businesses.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, we haven't done the work for 2019 yet, but I can tell you that in our plan for 2018, we saw a net benefit of M&A of about $0.06.
David A. Zapico: Sure. I mean, regarding oil and gas, in the first quarter, our sales were up low-double digits and orders outpaced that a bit. And in terms of the aerospace business, we saw very strong performance in our commercial business. So, it was up low-double digits in the first quarter, both OE and aftermarket. And also the military business stands out. There was a very strong orders performance in military, and our automation business stands out. There was very strong orders in automation and across all regions of the globe, so it was a really good quarter from the viewpoint of orders.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, the first quarter performance, our upstream business was up, the upstream is only 25% of our oil and gas presence, and that's about a $280 million exposure. But it was up very strongly. It was up about 30% in the first quarter and the mid/downstream was up in the mid high-single-digit range. So, we haven't changed the year guidance yet for that. It's still mid-single digits for the year, but what we're seeing now is the planning work for some orders in the second half of the year that'll ship in 2019 for the bigger projects in the mid and downstream markets.
David A. Zapico: It does bring some. I mean, the recurring revenue stream is from spare parts, from software upgrades, and also from the direct service of the client. So, the acquisitions of the VARs does augment the recurring revenue business for Rauland.
David A. Zapico: We're not doing much of it, but there is some tightness. We're seeing some tightness in the electronic supply chain and we're also seeing some increased inflationary cost in the transportation that we talked about last quarter, but there is some tightness out there, but we're managing through it and we have excellent supply chain capability, but there is some tightness.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. That business, you recall the way we have that business structured is we pass the material prices on to the customer. And we're adding value to the materials. But it is progressing and that business is doing very well.
