William J. Burke: Thank you, Dave. As Dave highlighted, AMETEK had an outstanding finish to 2020 with record operating performance and a high quality of earnings in the fourth quarter. I would also like to thank and recognize all of my AMETEK colleagues for their significant contributions in 2020. The way our teams persevered to the challenges of the past year was truly impressive. With that I will provide additional financial highlights for the fourth quarter and the full year, but we'll also provide some additional guidance for 2021.  Fourth quarter general and administrative expenses were $17.7 million up modestly from the prior year. For the full year G&A was down 11% from 2019 due to lower compensation costs and other discretionary cost reductions. And as a percentage of total sales was 1.5% in both years. For 2021 general and administrative expenses were expected to be up approximately 10% due primarily to the return of temporary costs, including compensation. The effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 20.1% up from 17.6% in the fourth quarter of 2019. The difference in tax rate was due primarily to the finalization of tax returns in each of the years. For 2021, assuming the current tax regime, we anticipate our effective tax rate to be between 19% and 20%. And as we stated in the past actual quarterly tax rates can differ dramatically either positively or negatively from this full year estimated rate.  Our businesses continued to manage their working capital exceptionally well. Operating working capital was an impressive 14% in the fourth quarter, down 330 basis points from the 17.3% reported in the same quarter last year, reflecting the outstanding work by our teams. Capital expenditures were $37 million in the fourth quarter and $74 million for the full year. Capital expenditures in 2021 are expected to be approximately $110 million. Depreciation and amortization in the quarter was $65 million and for the full year was $255 million. In 2021 we expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $260 million, including after-tax acquisition related intangible amortization of approximately $117 million or $0.50 per diluted share.  As Dave highlighted our businesses continue to generate tremendous levels of cash flow. Operating cash flow in the quarter was a record $386 million up 13% over last year's fourth quarter. Free cash flow was also a record $349 million up 16% over the same period last year, resulting in a free cash flow conversion of 158% of net income. Cash flow for the full year also set new record levels. Operating cash flow for 2020 was $1.28 billion up 15% over the prior year and free cash flow was $1.21 billion, a year-over-year increase of 19%. Full year free cash flow conversion was 158% of net income adjusted for the Redding Alloys gain.  Total debt at December 31st was $2.41 billion down from $2.77 billion at the end of 2019. Offsetting this debt is cash and cash equivalents of $1.2 billion. Our gross debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.8 times and our net debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.9 times at year-end. We enter 2021 with approximately $2.6 billion in liquidity to support our growth initiatives. This liquidity, along with our strong balance sheet and no material debt maturities until 2024 enables us to manage the continued effects of the economic downturn, will also deploy meaningful capital on strategic acquisitions.  To conclude our businesses performed exceptionally well in the fourth quarter and throughout the year, delivering a high quality of earnings in a very challenging environment. Our outlook for 2021 and beyond remains positive, given our strong financial position, our proven growth model, and our world-class workforce. Kevin. 
William J. Burke: That's a great question, Allison, and not really. I mean, M&A remains our top priority for capital allocation and we feel there's going to be substantial opportunity for us. We -- as you mentioned with the liquidity and our cash flow, we have a very strong balance sheet and we're really positioned to use that as a lever to increase our earnings. And we're seeing an uptick in pipeline opportunities. You started to see some of the pent up demand happen in Q4, the market is very hot, we're maintaining our discipline, but we're working on deals of all sizes. We have some larger deals we're working on and we have some AMETEK typical size of the ozone. We even have a couple of small technology acquisitions we're looking at. So, I would say we've never been busier on M&A and we're looking at it the same way. We think deploying our capital on M&A is the best way to get our shareholders return.
William J. Burke: Yeah, I think, we have a 42 business units and they all develop an acquisition plan and we're looking at all of those. And, we're certainly seeing properties come available in all areas. We're also looking at some places where we can get a high return on capital. So I'd say that, our bias is toward more technology deals, but not necessarily a vertical market. We're looking at all of them right now. 
William J. Burke: I'd say primarily that the temporary costs with some small exceptions in the first quarter as we continue to see the effects of the pandemic. They're going to be coming back basically I'd say evenly across the year, a little bit lower in the first quarter.
William J. Burke: Yeah, the backlog number is customer is feeling confident and placing orders for the year. It is not just one quarter, the customers are getting their orders in for the first couple of quarters of the year and I think that AMETEK you have covered a long time, we are mid and long cycle businesses so we typically see the uptick couple of quarters later. Our automation business is seeing it now but the long cycle businesses in aero and oil and gas are not seeing an uptick. So the fact that we have a negative organic growth in Q1 and there is four numbers for the year, when you have one number that is negative and you add them up, you are at mid-single-digits. 
William J. Burke: Well, as you think about it yeah, our businesses did a fantastic job on working capital, taken inventories down, receivables performance was the best I have seen in my 30 years with the company, 30 years plus. So it was fantastic. Will that continue, well I don’t know. We are going to work real hard to make sure it does and our businesses are focused on that. So will there be some give back next year, I expect it to be a little bit but we are very much focused on trying to keep that at the levels we have seen in this fourth quarter and the full year.
William J. Burke: Clearly our number one priority is M&A. And I really think we're going to be able to deploy the capital on M&A but, if we can't, we'll find a way to get the cash back to you, either through buybacks or dividends. We have a consistently increasing dividend and we've been opportunistic on share buybacks. But I'm not feeling that way right now. I think there's an incredible acquisition opportunity for us and for physicians at a level and to your point, a liquidity position that we haven't been at before. So it's very exciting to me, and I'm very excited about the pipeline. 
William J. Burke: Yeah, I'll give you the numbers. Our overall orders were down 8%. But organic we're down 2%. And EIG organic we're down 2% and EMG organic we're down 1%. So what you backed into with the overall orders was correct and we had a good organic month at minus two. 
William J. Burke: Yeah, CAPEX is -- we plan on 110 million this year. And opportunities -- we have opportunities that are going to provide excellent returns. For growth CAPEX, efficiency improvements, expanding our footprint in emerging markets, and if you recall in 2020 we talked about at mid-year, we had some expansion projects in emerging markets, and we couldn't get people there. We needed to get some expertise from different regions to the emerging markets, we couldn't travel. So we delayed them. So we spent 74 million in 2020 and our original plan was 102 million. So we ended up spending a little less than 2% in 2020 and 2021 we're going to spend a little over 2%. We're going to make up a bit of those projects, because they're still there. And there's great opportunity in other areas. But we're still longer term 2% of sales is the CAPEX number. And we have a little bit of makeup this year with projects that -- these efficiency projects and growth projects have very high internal rates of returns or rates of returns like 30%, 40%, 50%. So this is the kind of stuff that you want to fund. You want to get done. And we have a whole slew of projects that we're getting after. 
William J. Burke: Yeah, I think there's a mix of all that in there and it's bottoms up from the businesses. But yeah, I think definitely software or digital strategy is driving a lot of that. I think the emerging market infrastructure that we're putting in place is driving that. So you are right on in the areas and we just have a particularly large group of projects, and we're going to get those done this year and we got great returns on them. 
David A. Zapico: Sure. And thank you for your comments on the quarter. We sat back and -- near the end of the year and into January, there was situations that occur where you're having to close down your plants for a couple of days, get everyone tested, clean it and people were bringing the virus to work, I'll say. And it created a difficult operating environment. And certainly it made us think through giving guidance for the quarter and for the year. But as we thought through it, and we were executing well, so well that we got confident that we're able to operate and execute with the virus and we have good processes and protocols in place. And we're seeing the -- we're mid cycle and long cycle businesses and we're seeing those demand pick up later in the year we are assuming and that all went into a discussion. We talked about it several times, but we feel comfortable with the guidance that we're giving and we feel comfortable that we're going to be able to execute and we feel the processes and procedures we've developed are allowing us to operate safely. And we also feel we're feeling an uptick and we're looking for the short cycle businesses and markets and seeing them trend up and we're assuming that's going to happen for us a couple of quarters later.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. What happens to us usually in Q1 is that our processed businesses are stronger in Q4 and not as strong in Q1, that's the seasonality. So you have a drop in revenue there. And then on the bottom line in Q1, along with the contribution margin effect of that, you have a lack of Reading and you also have us resetting some compensation G&A type costs. So, you add that all together and our top line guide for Q1 is down low to mid-single-digits. And we gave the earnings range of $0.97 to $1.02. So, that's the way that we got that. And you also asked about the cadence and I didn't answer that in the first part of your question. The cadence throughout the quarter was a pretty typical trend for us. Orders grew sequentially every month with December being the strongest month of the year and in fact strongest month of the quarter -- of 2020. And in terms of sales, we had a similar pattern with growing sequentially. December was strong and also the strongest month of the year. So that was good. And then January, orders in sales, they ended up at a level of support over Q1 in our full year guide and I would characterize them as solid. So continuing the positive trend, when you think about the low to mid-single-digit guide, back in Q2, we had organic growth of about minus 22% and that improved in Q3 where it was minus 14%. And then you see the last quarter Q4 completed was minus 8%. So to go from that minus 8% organic to minus low to mid-single-digit organic, you see a continuing improvement. So we have calendarization seasonality issue, but underlying it is a continuing sequential improvement of the business.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I think that's a great question. And you will recall that we talked about it last quarter, we had about 90 million of temporary costs that we're going to have to fit back in and to the budget model this year. And what it turns out is that we got really strong OPEX cost reductions of 140 million. On top of that we have continued stronger pricing and when you take the organic growth combined with the OPEX structural savings combined with the pricing, we're able to absorb the temporary costs coming back to the P&L and end up with an incremental margin of about 35%. Now, typically AMETEK would have a bit higher incremental margin, but the 35% is a solid number and it includes absorbing all the temporary costs. So we feel comfortable with the margin forecast that we have for 2021. We think core operating margins will be up about 40 basis points. And we believe the incremental margins will be up about 35%. 
David A. Zapico: Not really. I think the military market has been very strong for us. We've talked about that. We think that'll continue into 2021. We are seeing a tick up in the semiconductor market, that's not atypical. A lot of people are seeing that, but we have some technology that's a more tied to the EUV, which is the next technology in semiconductor. So we're seeing some research demands in that area. That business looks solid for us. And in general, everything is behaving as we would think it would and we do have the mid and long cycle businesses and the aerospace business we're not assuming it's going to -- the commercial aerospace business we're not assuming a recovery during, it's flat up a bit, flat low single for 2021. Most of the other markets are up mid-single-digit. 
David A. Zapico: Yeah, good question. Yeah, I'll start with Q4. In Q4 there were really mixed trends across geographies and with Asia returning to strong growth and Europe and U.S. seeing continued sequential improvement, but still showing negative organic growth. And we talk about Asia first, we had a great quarter in Asia. We were up low double-digits, and we had strong growth in both our process and automation businesses. And China in particular grew 22% with us in the quarter. So a really big pickup there in the process and automation. And if we talk about prior quarters, automation picking up, the process business followed, and that had a big impact on EIG margins as you can see in the accounts. When you think about the U.S. we were down low double-digits on broad based weakness, other than the defense market. Defense market was strong and we think about Europe, we were down mid-teens on broad based weakness, other than the automation business. So, in the U.S. and in Europe it was down except for small parts of our portfolio that were bright spots, but in China we really knocked it out of the park. In Asia we did well. What we're thinking, the incremental improvements in 2021 are going to continue in Europe and the U.S. so the sequential improvements that we've been seeing are going to continue. And, we think that Asia or quotation activity Asia is going to maintain strength. So I'm not sure if we're going to go up 22% in China, every quarter, but certainly we're seeing strength in the pipeline in China and [indiscernible].
David A. Zapico: Yeah, we've been able to do it so far, and we have a very strong pipeline and so I'm pretty confident that we're going to be able to keep doing that. I mean, that's a -- there's a lot of yields. The thing that's happened is we're able to drive more synergy than we were a few years or five or 10 years ago. We have a great synergy capability to improve businesses and we're disciplined, returns matter to us, and I'm confident that we're going to be able to deploy the cash on M&A.
David A. Zapico: I think there's still structural programs that we're going to execute in 2021. And it's ongoing because we're combining businesses and we're implementing acquisition synergies. And we've got that 140 million in structural costs and there's 80 million of structural savings, there's 80 million of OPEX savings in that. So remember we have a spillover from 2020, but there's ongoing program. So the way I look at it is we have over 150 operating facilities and we have a strategic plan on OPEX, and we take the advantages to combine and make things more efficient all the time and 2021 will be no different.
David A. Zapico: Good question. So, for all of the 2020 we had about 1.5 points of price and total inflation was about 1 point. So at a 50 basis point spread for all of the year but actually in Q4 of 2020, our pricing ticked up a bit. So it was a little higher than 1.5%. So that added to margins and for 2021, we see slightly higher pricing than 1.5%, but we're going to have slightly higher inflation. So you think about it as a 50 basis point spread, a little higher price, a little higher inflation, and we are seeing commodity price inflation. We are seeing transportation costs, but we got them under control. We have very good supply chain people and we've got that factored in and with our highly differentiated portfolio and our leadership position in these niche markets, we have those kind of costs we're typically able to pass them on to the customer. And I've been very pleased to see our pricing out of -- to the pandemic. Now in terms of material shortages I mean, there's a little bit of a -- there are issues in the semiconductor market that had been in the press where you see the automotive industry having some issues now and our supply chain people are on top of that and working it. But it hasn’t cost us any missed [indiscernible] or anything like that. So, it is just something to manage and an issue we are working on. 
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I don’t think we will add back the entire 90 but I will give you an example. We left the temporary cost savings in Q4 were $10 million. So we really ramped on by that point. In Q1 it is significantly lower than that. So, it is -- and we will adjust that as we go through the year but I think that temporary costs are going to become so small as we go throughout the year they are not meaningful anymore. So it is really the structural savings that drive the margin improvement. 
David A. Zapico: And the key point for us Scott is, I think we had 158% free cash flow to net income conversion in 2020. And for 2021 we're targeting 110%. So above a 100% even this environment, certainly we're going to have to put some cash back on the balance sheet, but we're operating very efficiently and, we're going to put it back on the balance sheet grudgingly. 
David A. Zapico: Right, I think it's both. It's all of the above. And when I think about the -- we expanded our revenue targets, the acquisition we're looking at so you can see deals in that $200 million to $300 million to $400 million range. Those are considered big. So we're not talking about the acquisitions that would be the size of AMETEK or even half the size of AMETEK. We think those bigger deals, it's much harder to create value. So there's smaller deals, but the size growing with the size of the company, we're a bigger company now. So, like I said, there's technology deals we're looking at that augment our organic growth, there's deals in our sweet, sweet spot, very close to our existing positions that will get a very high return on capital one. And there's some bigger deals that fit with us, but are in adjacent markets. And there's multiple deals in each one of those categories. So we are busy, we're prudent and approach. But I'm optimistic that we're going to be able to deploy our capital and add very strong businesses effective. 
David A. Zapico: Yeah, medical sales 2021, 2020 are in the range of 15% of sales. So that's approximately $700 million. And, we have businesses that are doing very well in that area and their niche positions like all of AMETEK and there's expansion opportunities there. So we're actively looking at healthcare medical space and we'd like to see that be a bigger percentage of the company. 
David A. Zapico: Yeah, it's a great question. And the first point is our aerospace business is one of our more profitable businesses. It is definitely greater than the company average. That was before the pandemic and right now. And the team has done an excellent job of realigning the cost structure, lower volume, but still very profitable and more profitable than the average AMETEK business. So we think any change in volume is going to result in high contribution margins because we have so bring down the cost structure. The second point is there's a distinctly different demand pattern that we've been talking about all along. About half of our business in aerospace and defense is in the military space. That business was up mid-teens in the fourth quarter. We think we still see growth in 2021, but it'll be more mid-single-digits. And in the commercial space, that business was down about 35% in the fourth quarter, down about 30% for the entire full year. And for 2021 the commercial aerospace business we're saying is flat up low single-digits. And the commercial aerospace business is impacted by many variables impacting demand, including government support, airline capacity decisions, and overriding all the competence of the flying public and it's very difficult to predict that thing and to predict those things when the pandemic is raging. So we're pretty conservative about how we are looking at that. The management team we have in aerospace is outstanding. And eventually the commercial business is going to come back. I don't think it's going to be 2021. I think it's going to be beyond that and our guidance reflects that. So we're really -- we have really done the hard work and done the right thing in our aerospace business. So we're poised even for small incremental sales growth to deliver good margins and eventually, that long cycle business will pick up and drive the earnings of the company. 
David A. Zapico: Yeah, we gave a mid-single-digit range. So for me that says between 4% and 6%, not 3% to 5%. But in that 4% to 6% range, both of the businesses are going to be in that range. And certainly EMG is going to probably start out a little better in the year, but we think the -- when we end the year, they're both going to be plus mid-single-digit growth. 
David A. Zapico: Yeah, oil and gas is projected to be lower, and oil and gas is going to have -- the way it looks for us a strong 2022 right now. But, if you if you think about where we're at right now in the fourth quarter, the businesses that showed positive organic growth for our defense business in process, some of our research businesses like our materials analysis division, that division was all positive, organic. Our UPG business Zygo was positive organic. The Telular business was positive organic, and our automation business was positive organic. So as we go out through the year, that'll change. But yeah, the fact of the matter is with our mid and long cycle exposure, while the strong second half and for some of our markets, we will not get back to 2019 in 2021. 
David A. Zapico: No, it is aerospace defense but we do have some land based programs within aerospace, but it's all -- business, that's right. 
