Dave Zapico: Yes. Sure. I'll give you my view of Paragon. As you stated, the leading provider of highly engineered medical components and instruments. When you look at the key market drivers of this acquisition, you have the aging population, the demographic shifts, you also have procedure innovation, where the minimally invasive procedures are becoming more percentages of surgeries, and they do a great job with that. And also in this market, there's a continuing trend toward outsourcing the OEMs. And they want to -- the OEMs want to accelerate their time to market, and Paragon is really well positioned with significant new product wins in this space. It serves specialty applications. I talked about the orthopedics, minimally invasive surgery, robotic surgery and drug delivery. Orthopedics is the largest, but they're strong positions in each of the applications. Now, the portfolio is one of your questions, consisted of single-use and consumable surgical instruments and implantable components, and about 40% of the business is recurring in nature. So the single-use and consumables surgical instruments are about 40% of the revenue. So we really like that. As a blue-chip customer base, over 600 programs, with diverse sources of revenue, about 85% of the business is on sole-source programs. It's a very, very sticky business. When you combine the regulatory environment with lengthy approval processes and the capabilities of Paragon, there's high switching costs. It's a business that has unique value to its customer base. We did a lot of surveys in the market, and they're the highest quality provider. They have excellent customer service. A differentiator for them is their design and development capability. And I really considered a true partner by their customers. And when I look at this from -- that's about Paragon, when I look at what it does for AMETEK, it increases our med tech exposure now to over 20%. It's one of the goals we've been trying to achieve. It adds about $500 million in revenue to EMG, and that revenue is -- comes from Paragon, which is a secular low double-digit grower. It really fits our business model with the highly engineered products that provide unique value to customers. It's a growing, profitable business that provides multiple avenues of growth. And there's really an opportunity for us to improve margins by applying the AMETEK growth model. It's already a profitable business, but there's plenty of room for us to apply the AMETEK growth model and expand margins. Paragon will benefit from the AMETEK's global infrastructure for sure, and we like the management team. They're highly talented team, and we're excited about what we can accomplish together. And importantly, the deal economics meant AMETEK's traditional dealers, and this is on a large deployment of capital. So, our return on invested capital orders are met by this deal. And we paid about 15 times TTM EBITDA for the business. So we're very excited for the business. It's a good business for us. We've been looking at these businesses for some time and a universal excitement amongst Paragon and AMETEK.
Dave Zapico: Yes. Sure, Deane, great questions. For the quarter, we grew our top line 5% on a mid-single-digit guide. Our revenue was in line with the guide. The acquisition performed a bit better. And we maintained, as I said, our full year sales guide mid-to-high single-digits and organic growth of mid-single-digits. To maintain that organic guide for the full year, our Aerospace and Defense business is stronger and our automation is weaker. And they're offsetting. That's one of the benefits of the AMETEK portfolio. And specifically in terms of Q3 revenue, we saw faster destocking in our automation businesses than we anticipated. So that's what we saw there. And we expect the destocking to continue through the end of the year. In terms of your question is, is it a, destock or a downturn? It's very difficult dynamic environment right now and lots of uncertainties, with the geopolitical risk, the interest rate increases. They're factoring in, for sure. But from what we see, this is largely an inventory correction. And demand looks constructive, with many new projects in the offing and the projects are not being delayed or canceled. Our Aerospace and Defense looks solid. Our Medical looks solid, significant projects and semiconductor, clean energy, power grid. So we remain positive post-destocking. And we think that destocking will continue through the end of the year. And in terms of 2024, we're going to sit down with our teams and understand what's going on. But in general, we're constructive.
Dave Zapico: Yes. Sure, Matt. I mean if you'll go back and look at my last quarter or two, I told you EIG, was gaining momentum, and the momentum certainly showed up in Q3. We had an excellent operating quarter. I mean EIG margins were up 360 basis points, driven by high contribution leverage on the growth. We really had excellent price cost. We had strongly performing acquisitions and it all came together to put up record margins.
Dave Zapico: Great questions, Matt. We think the closure -- it's dependent on regulatory approval, but nothing atypical. But we think -- we'll get the approvals and close sometime in the first quarter. In terms of year one, yes, we'll have a very modest cash EPS accretion. It's going to be impacted by purchase accounting, integration costs, realignment cost to financing costs, we'll pay with this with a mix of cash and debt. And -- but we'll have very strong accretion in year two. And we're excited about getting the business under our wing, improving the business and delivering and we're very excited.
Dave Zapico: We'll make that decision at the time. Historically, we have not broken them out, but with the amount of acquisition activity that we have. It may make sense to do that. We haven't made a decision yet.
Dave Zapico: Yes. We think it's destocking. We think it's destocking. And the destocking last through the year-end. And -- but post destocking, we remain constructive. We are -- that business automation sells to a lot of markets and the health care part of that market is not doing well right now and some of the other exposures, but we think it's clearly destocking.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I mean we're going to sit down with each of our teams, discuss 2024 over the next six weeks. We're going to review each of the individual businesses. We do deep dives, as you know, into what they are seeing in their niches, their market dynamics, growth opportunities, cost reduction opportunities, and we want to go through that -- these meetings before there's any commentary in 2024. We'll tell you in early February. But -- so in terms of talking about next year, we'll have the typical things like we expect price to offset inflation and CapEx will be about 2% of sales and things like that. But we're going to defer from talking about the overall plan until we get to meet with our teams and understand at a detailed level.
Dave Zapico: Yes. That is the Zip code and it's over time. And we're going to build a plan with the management team and show them all the resources that AMETEK has and some of our business processes. But what you're talking about is in the Zip code of what we have planned.
Dave Zapico: We have an existing business in our EMG business. It's about a $200 million business. It's -- or called our engineered medical components. So we're familiar with these segments. There's completely different end markets, but think about that as additive to that existing position, but in a greater scale.
Dave Zapico: Not really. They're growing nicely. I mean you have the market growth that they're benefiting from, and they happen to be in the fastest areas. They've deployed their resources well and they're benefiting from the faster fastest growth areas. The -- there's -- they're winning new business on new programs, it's pretty substantial. And we did surveys on these businesses, and this is a really good business in terms of their capability and how they take care of their customers, and they're definitely winning share. So, it's going to be a low double-digit grower for the next few years, and a lot of that's programmed in. Now that's the way we're looking at. There's going to be ups and downs as we go throughout the years, but this is a solid business with really good growth prospects.
Dave Zapico: Other way to make that, as Bill said, post-Paragon, we have 1.5 leverage, we wanted to take at up to 2.5 leverage, which is we've been there before, and that's not a high number for all. We can spend $2.6 billion on acquisitions, above and beyond Paragon. So we're in the M&A game, and our pipeline looks really good. And we have the balance sheet to be able to execute on it and the capability to integrate these businesses.
Dave Zapico: Sure, Scott, I'll walk around the business. I'll start with our Process business. And -- overall, sales for Process were up mid-single-digits, at low single-digit organic sales and the contribution from the acquisition of Navitar. And demand across our Process markets remains solid. Our products and technologies are well aligned with important secular growth trends like the energy transition and health care. Growth in the quarter was strongest across these end-markets, while our high-end optics business in Zygo continues to perform very well, with strong demand for our custom optical solutions. And for the full year, we continue to expect mid-single-digit organic sales growth for our Process businesses. Going to Aerospace & Defense Next. Aerospace & Defense continues to perform well. Organic sales were up low-double digits in the quarter. Growth remains strong and broad-based across our A&D sub-segments. Our growth in the quarter was strongest in our defense businesses, while commercial OEM and aftermarket businesses also grew at healthy levels. Given this strong performance, we now expect sales for Aerospace & Defense to increase mid-teens, on a percentage basis for the full year. In Power & Industrial, those businesses delivered solid results in the third quarter, with overall sales up mid-teens. This growth was driven by a low single-digit organic sales growth and the contribution from the acquisition of RTDS technologies. We saw the strongest growth in the quarter across our renewable Energy and Power Simulation businesses, including RTDS. Our Power businesses are well positioned to benefit from long-term investments required to modernize the electric power grid and build-out of the renewable energy infrastructure globally. And for all of 2023, we continue to expect mid-single-digit organic sales growth for our Power business. And finally, our Automation & Engineered Solutions business. Overall sales for AE&S, were down mid-single-digits in the quarter, with contributions from the acquisition of Bison Engineering, being more than offset by a low double-digit decrease in organic sales. As we expected, the impact from normalization of inventory levels, which we talked about earlier, across our OEM customer base, combined with the challenging prior year comparisons, created a short-term headwind for our OEM exposed businesses. We believe underlying demand is solid. As we talked about earlier, and across our diverse Automation & Engineered Solutions markets, we remain constructive. But we do expect, as we said before, the inventory normalization is going to recur throughout the OEM customer base will continue through the end of the year. And now for the full year, we expect organic sales for our Automation & Engineered Solutions businesses to be down mid-single-digits versus the prior year. So that's all for the subsegment commentary here, Scott.
Dave Zapico: Okay. Q4 and geography. Okay. I'll go across the geographies. We had continued solid growth in the US, with the international slowing a bit. So I'll unpack that a bit. The US was up mid-single-digits, with notable strength in our process business. Europe was down low single-digits, notable strength in process and our aerospace business, but weakness in automation. You mentioned China. Our China exposure was down 3%. Strong growth in process weakness in automation. And overall, Asia was down about 10%. So China did better than overall Asia, kind of about 9% of sales. So again, up in the US, slowing in international markets. And the second question you asked was on Q4 and the guide for Q4. And our sales will be up mid-single-digits. We'll grow in revenue. There are two factors impacting the earnings in Q4. One of them is a higher tax rate. And the second one is there's some acquisition, integration costs and they're related to the deals we completed. But we're very confident in our guide for Q4.
Dave Zapico: I think we're seeing some good demand on the EIG side from the typical year-end selling -- year-end sales that we typically get of capital spending, plus the EIG business is performing well. So our aerospace and our process businesses are performing well, and that's what driving the organic sales in Q4 to be higher than the organic sales in Q3.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I think it's a little choppy in the market and people are reevaluating. And the interest rates are higher. So financing that debt on a continuing organization may be a challenge. And as I said, in the beginning of the year, our pipeline is strong. I would categorize our pipeline right now is very strong. We have a lot of attractive candidates we're looking at. And I'm just bullish on being able to differentiate AMETEK's performance over the next 12 to 24 months with our OpEx and our M&A.
Dave Zapico: Yes. When you think about Paragon, they're largely selling to an OEM customer base, but they do sell some of their surgical instruments directly to the end customer, but it's largely an OEM customer base. We purchased the business from American Securities. And from our view, they did an excellent job running the business and got a fantastic management team in place, a good growth strategy. And they're -- what they did is really position kind of a pure med tech play, by positioning this with some other parts of their portfolio. So we're pretty excited about what we're buying.
Dave Zapico: No, I think the quarterly evolution of orders is about what we see. We mentioned our book-to-bill and things like that. And we started out in Q4 in line with what we need to deliver those results. So we had talked -- in our last few earnings calls, we highlighted a couple of dynamics that would impact orders. And our orders have been very strong for an extended period of time. In fact, we averaged 18% organic growth in 2021 and 2022. And we had 12 consecutive quarters up to this quarter with positive book-to-bill. So as a result, we have a near record backlog. As we said, these dynamics are playing out as we anticipated.
Dave Zapico: Yes. As I mentioned, we were down about 3% organically in China, so there was some delays, but it wasn't substantial. In terms of increasing interest rates, that's one of the uncertainties that we're clearly looking at. And it's a very dynamic environment right now. And there are factors for sure, but we're not seeing an impact on projects, proceeding or anything like that from the interest rates at this point.
Dave Zapico: We are not supply chain limited in Aerospace at this time. Now the industry is dealing with some supply chain difficulties, but we're not limited.
Dave Zapico: Yes. There's a balance in AMETEK's end markets. And we really like that balance. That's why we're able to navigate some of the challenges that we're going through right now. So it's -- we plan on keeping that balance. But if there are other attractive areas in the medical space, we'll certainly look at them. But it's -- we like the balance in the portfolio. And what was your other question, Michael? M&A dollars. I mean we have a distributed operating model. In all of our businesses, we have management teams there that are doing strategy work around their businesses and trying to make their businesses better, and they're bringing forward acquisition candidates. So we don't have a predefined number of -- predefined amount of capital that we're going to apply to certain markets. We're going to be looking for the deal, the deal quality, the quality of the businesses and if we have the management teams to integrate them. So we have a different viewpoint. We don't look at it from the top down in terms of dollars allocated per market.
Dave Zapico: Yes. It's 20% now. It could go 25%, 30%. That wouldn't bother us, but we plan on having a diversified revenue base.
