Frank S. Hermance: No. The key factor here is, it surely it’s not in terms of anything we’ve done in terms of cost reductions, et cetera. The key issue is that we’ve exposure on both sides of our Company to markets that are in a pretty significant downturn. Oil and gas is a major part of our Company, and we’ve just seen over the course of the last several quarters, that it has deteriorated further than we had expected. You may recall that we had called oil and gas, in terms of the downturn last year. When we called it in January, we hit it right on. But this year, we did not hit it right on, and the conditions are worse. If you look at oil and gas, we initially thought for 2016 with respect to 2015, we would be down around $50 million. Our best look now is down around $90 million and that changed. There was an inflection point actually, right around the time of our last earnings call, when oil hit $26 a barrel. And when that happened, we just saw a large number of projects just move to the right and that we were actually anticipating that we were going to get sooner. Most of those projects are still going to happen. But they're going to be moved, and probably moved, many of them into next year. So we miscalled that particular business. And it’s simply because the changes have been so dramatic, and it’s very difficult to predict them. It has really nothing to do with how we're operating the Company itself. It's just predicting the future is not an easy thing. And I’d say, similarly, if you look at the other side of the company with EMIP, with the issue with metals pricing, and the deflation that happened, and we talked about this in the fourth quarter. In a way, a similar thing happened that when metal prices went down so drastically, the buying levels from our customers just went very, very soft and have remained soft through the first quarter. And now the good news, in that particular market is we’re starting to feel improvement, where actually our order intake is improving. So we actually believe that one will improve as the year goes on. But we are not predicting that the oil and gas business will improve. So this is really a market related issue, with dramatic changes on each side of the Company, that’s causing this problem. Now given that and the contribution margins of our businesses, we are actually quite pleased with the operating performance in terms of profitability. We met our first quarter guidance on profitability. Margins, although down a bit, are still extremely good, one of the better ones in the industry. So we’re managing a difficult situation, as well as I believe anybody could manage it so, but that's fundamentally what happened. I hope that helps.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, actually you can view it in relatively simple economic terms. The organic growth, if you look at the entire company, and you look at it for the year, we think we, and our guidance assumes, that we’re going to be 2 points less on organic growth. And that’s as a result of the two factors, predominantly that I talked about in answer to your first question. You take 2 points on a $4 billion company, that’s $80 million. $80 million, the detrimental -- excuse me, they are detrimental too. Detrimental margins of this company, similarly to when they got, when volume goes up, are on the order of greater than 45%, roughly 50%. So just take the $80 million, multiply it -- I’ll take -- make the numbers easy, 50%. You’ve got $40 million of pre-tax operating income. And that’s $0.12 or $0.13 a share. Yes, we haven’t put it through more cost reductions, about $10 million of additional cost reductions, over what we talked about last year -- or last quarter, excuse me, and you take that. And what happens, in many businesses, when the economic environment gets tough, is that basically people buy lower in the product portfolio. So that the overall sort of mix of the Company, for lack of a better word, goes down a bit. And that has, in essence, offset that $10 million of other cost improvements. In terms of price and inflation, what we told you at the beginning of the year, was that we expected price to essentially offset inflation, and that’s still our expectation. So that is a very high level look. Obviously, there are puts and there are takes. But that’s the overall thought process. And you take that, and that is the reduction in the guidance essentially.
Frank S. Hermance: It’s $60 million on investment, absolutely. We have not changed the investment spend. So we’re continuing to make the investments, so that when we get some market lift, the contribution margins are obviously going to be extremely high in the other direction, and we are going to make a lot of money.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, sure. It’s a great question, and we’ve asked that same question of ourselves, a number of times over the last few months. We are giving this our best shot. And from everything we know in talking with customers, and also quite frankly in listening to some of our peer companies, I believe right now, we got it called right. And we have not assumed any improvement in oil and gas as the year goes on. The levels are low. It’s hard to believe they could get a little bit worse, but we also put a range on our guidance. So and the guidance, just to be very clear, the guidance is balanced both ways, plus and minus. It’s not a conservative estimate. It’s what we really believe is going to happen. And if things do get a little weaker, we are going to be at the low end of the guidance. If things get to be a little stronger, we are going to be at the high-end of the guidance. So, we think we’ve got it. But predicting the future is not an easy thing to do, but with our best people and our best thought process and it’s fairly consistent with what other companies are saying. The only release that I saw that hinted at improvement in oil and gas, at the latter part of this year was in GE's report. Just about everybody else, at least the ones I listen to, and I don't listen to that many, maybe four or five, we’re predicting pretty much what we’re predicting.
Frank S. Hermance: It’s, probably the last expense in the Company that we do not like to touch. It’s so critical to our future, in terms of -- as you know the level of technology in our products is quite high. And if you make dramatic cuts in that cost, you are going to hurt yourself. You won’t see it for two or three years, so you could improve the short-term performance of the Company, but not the -- you just don’t want to sacrifice the long-term. So we’ve not made any substantial changes in that number. It’s the same number that we talked about at the beginning of the year, and it’s also up over last year by that 5%. It is a lever that we’d have if things did by any chance get any worse. But again, we don’t anticipate that at this point in time.
Frank S. Hermance: Sure. Book and bill in the quarter was 1.02. Orders overall, were up 3%. Organically, they were down 8%.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, we feel real good. There is a high likelihood that we are going to be able to deploy a sizably larger amount of capital as the year goes on. We have actually beefed up our energy on the acquisition front. We’ve set up a couple other teams within the Company to look at opportunities. We are working with external advisors, and we’ve got a lot that’s in the pipeline. They are varying sizes from the smaller deals like the two we talked about earlier in this meeting to the larger deals. And I would say, it’s probably one of the top priorities of the Company right now. We have got extremely strong cash flow, and we believe that this is the best way for us to create value for our shareholders, while our markets are in a depressed condition.
Frank S. Hermance: No, that’s not right. No, you take $40 million, this is pre-tax, $40 million at the pre-tax level that goes to the bottom line at about $0.12 to $0.13.
Frank S. Hermance: Oh yes. No, okay. Now I’ve got your question, yes. No, it’s the other part that I was talking about. On the EMG side, with the metal price deflation that I talked about, that’s the other $40 million. So the total is not $100 million, it’s about $80 million.
Frank S. Hermance: The contribution margins are a bit different between those two $40 million. That’s actually higher on the oil and gas businesses, and a bit lower than the 50% number that I was using in EMIP. So you take the $80 million times the 0.5 you get basically $40 million of pre-tax. And that’s what I thought your original question was, and that’s how you get to the $0.12 to $0.13 number.
Frank S. Hermance: Well, it is what I said in response to Brian, is that also the metals deflation in EMIP was deeper than we had anticipated, and it’s also slower coming back. Now we’re seeing a trend where it’s starting to come back. But it’s not coming back at a rate that we think could achieve the original guidance. And that’s why we also reduced that part of the Company by the $40 million. So it’s a double hit. That’s what’s happening here. I mean, it’s pretty simple actually. We got a hit on the oil and gas and EIG, and a hit on EMIP on the metal side, and that’s the core issue of what we are dealing with.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. Let’s -- yes, right. If you remember last year was -- and we said it when it happened, it was an exceptional year. We did several restructurings last year. One in the first quarter of 2015 and another one later in the year. So yes, that number last year was bigger, but I hope we set the expectation that was not the run rate. And what we are doing now at $130 million level, we think it’s pretty darn good, and we feel great about it. And it comes back to one of the original or initial questions that, you don’t want to destroy these businesses. These are phenomenal businesses, and you don’t want to go in and take so much cost out, that you then will not be able to recoup. So we think we’ve done the appropriate amount, we are pleased with it. You can see it in the overall performance of the Company. And we are talking about earnings being down here, if you take the average of our estimates about 3%. So, it’s not like we are going to be down 10% or 15% on earnings. So we are actually pretty happy with that, although I know it’s not good from the change in guidance viewpoint.
Frank S. Hermance: Well, I mean, you look basically at our strategies and clearly RD&E and global and market expansion are definitely focused on the organic growth side of the business. If you look at the organic growth of AMETEK, and Kevin has done this analysis over the last -- almost any period you pick, say a year, three years, five years, and I think he even had a 10 year chart, our organic growth lines up quite well with our peers. But obviously when you’ve got the impact of these two market conditions that I’m talking about, it’s not -- just not -- you can’t overcome that is basically what happens. Your number, if you really look at it, isn’t as significant as you think. It’s not a 4% to 5%. It’s a lower number than that. But it’s running slightly negative I’d say, for the rest of the Company, and that’s what’s in our guidance. But the overwhelming impact is really from those two areas, and that will change when those markets change. So in terms of tweaking the model, yes, we do that all the time. And as I mentioned to Allison’s question, that’s why we are keeping the RD&E expense up, when the top line is weak. And sure we are doing everything we can, to help the organic growth picture of the Company. And we are continuing to invest in higher growth regions of the world, and those are really the two key drivers to the organic side of the question.
Frank S. Hermance: Sure, Scott. I’d be glad to do that. So, let me start with EIG. EIG aerospace sales were down low single digits against a difficult comparison in last year’s first quarter. We had very good growth in our commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket business in the quarter. But it was offset by a difficult comparison in our business and regional jet business, which you may recall was very, very strong last year. For all of 2016, we expect EIG aerospace sales to be up low to mid single digits, again driven by strength in our commercial OEM and commercial aftermarket businesses. Our process businesses, organic sales and process were down about 10% in the quarter, reflecting obviously what we’ve talked about in terms of greater than expected weakness in our oil and gas business. And as I mentioned, while some of the incremental weakness was in our upstream business, project delays and push outs also impacted our mid and downstream business. And as a result, for all of 2016, we now expect sales for our process businesses to be down mid single digits organically. And the last part of EIG is Power & Industrial. There we had a solid first quarter. Overall, sales were up 10% driven by the contributions from the acquisitions of ESP/SurgeX and Brookfield that I talked about in my opening comments. Our organic sales were down low single digits. And for all of 2016, we expect organic sales for Power & Industrial to be down a mid single-digit number. So if you sum that all up for EIG, we are expecting overall sales to be roughly flat. And that’s obviously driven by the acquisitions of Surface Vision, Brookfield and ESP/SurgeX with organic sales down to the mid single-digit kind of region. Moving to the other half of the Company, Scott, in EMG and the differentiated side, organic sales for our differentiated business were down high single digits versus the first quarter of 2015, driven largely by weakness across our Engineered Materials Interconnects & Packaging business. And the weakness, as I’ve already indicated, was really due to the impact of commodity price deflation. However, here we do expect sequential improvements over the rest of 2016, and we are really basing that on current order trends which have strengthened, and thus we really do expect a stronger second half than first half. So if you sum all of that up for the differentiated piece, for all of 2016, we expect our differentiated EMG businesses organic sales to be roughly flat versus the prior year. And the last and now much smaller part of our Company, Floorcare & Specialty Motors, they were also down approximately 10% in the first quarter as a result of softer global market conditions. And for 2016, we expect sales for this business to be roughly flat organically versus prior year. You take those two parts of EMG, so overall then for EMG we expect overall sales and organic growth to be roughly flat versus 2015. And then lastly, obviously, you sum EIG and EMG, and that’s where we get to the flat overall sales, and organic sales down the low to mid single digits on a percentage basis.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, that’s -- we think of this number of -- I will call it a $100 million plus. We are at $130 million now. That’s what we think we can do on a year in year out basis. We’ve put the infrastructure in the Company to do that and we believe that can continue for a substantial amount of time. And the majority of that is sort of built into our revenue and our guidance, as we give it to you guys and ladies. And the reason for that is the structure that we’ve put in place. As you know we’re an operationally focused Company. So, in terms of just our normal operational excellence strategies, we can get $50 million to $70 million a year. And in terms of our materials strategy, we are in that same ballpark, and therefore, that’s an ongoing cost. In terms of any, what I would call major restructuring of the Company, no. We are not envisioning that, and we’ve to modify these strategies as time goes on. And I will give you an example and Dave maybe you can speak to this, that on the material side, we had to change the strategy a bit and we’ve done it incrementally over the last number of years and we’ve added a value analysis tool into our toolbox. And Dave, why don’t you speak to that a little bit? You’ve really led that activity and done a great job with it.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, yes. Good news and bad news is the best way to say it. Overall, BRIC countries organically were down 8% and China was the driver down about 9%. If you look at the other countries, Russia continues to be weak, Brazil weak, but actually a little bit better than it was doing in terms of decremental organic growth versus last year. But obviously, the driver here is China and I should mention India is good. That’s the one that was good last quarter and it remains good. We had mid single-digit kind of organic growth in India.  The good news is that we are feeling a stabilization in China. And if you look at the numbers we’ve provided over the last three quarters on China, they are not the best in the world, but the key thing is the orders in the first quarter were flat organically. So -- and in talking with our people there, they’re feeling a bit of stabilization, I would say, is probably the best word. So we are feeling a little bit better about China, but obviously, the BRIC countries, which for a while for us were growing at 25%, 30% overall are now more of a challenge. But hopefully, what we saw in orders in China is an indication that things are going to get better there.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, basically if you look at -- you are talking about the incremental $40 million that I talked about. It was evenly split between downstream at about $20 million and the combination of upstream and downstream at -- or upstream -- yes, upstream and downstream at $20 million. So, $20 million in upstream, $20 million in the combination of mid and downstream. I don’t think I said that right a moment ago. Okay. And then, between upstream -- between midstream and downstream, it was more downstream oriented.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, here -- it’s a great question, absolutely a great question. And the issue is what metals are key to AMETEK? And in our case, the key metals on the EMIP side are molybdenum trioxide, cobalt, vanadium and to a lesser degree nickel. And if you actually look at those three metals, they are down and they have not come back. And that’s why, when they do come back, our customers -- right now, they don’t want to buy when they are very low, right? So, we don’t have an impact on our cost, because we pass basically the price of the raw material on. So we are not sort of -- we don’t have an issue from that viewpoint. The issue from us is when metal prices are very low, our customers are just going to hold off as long as they possibly can and before they start buying, and that’s what’s really happening right now. And it was -- and the fact that those metals have not rebounded yet, is the issue. So you can’t look at us in terms of the standard metals that you think of.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. We feel pretty comfortable as we move through the year in terms of the improvements. And I’m going to talk sort of about the overall improvements in EPS, and there is three drivers for this. The first is that in our process businesses, there is a seasonality impact of several of our non-oil and gas related businesses, where they always have a stronger second half than first half. The second thing is that in one of our oil and gas divisions, thermal process management, they’ve actually won market share with a good share of that improvement from the market share gain viewpoint already in backlog. And they’ve done that really through several initiatives. The first was increased penetration in the Middle East, and also a partnership that we’ve with Pentair. So, the first factor is, we expect the process businesses to have some improvement because of those factors. The second factor is what we’ve already talked about in terms of EMIP, that we believe that situation, and we are already seeing it in order intake, will have a gradual improvement through the year. And therefore we will see incremental improvements from that volume, and we are very confident in that. And then, the third thing is really the cost improvements. And if you look at how the cost improvements layer in, they become much more significant in the latter quarters in the year. So you take the organic growth of the first two reasons I outlined, and obviously when that goes to the bottom line, that improves your margins, because of our very high contribution margins. And then, you put these incremental cost improvements through the business. That’s why we feel those margins will in fact improve.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, our focus is to fundamentally buy good businesses. We’re not afraid of buying a business, when it’s in a down cycle. We believe oil and gas is going to be a good place to play on the longer term, and we’re in a substantial down cycle. Now is oil going to get back to $125 a barrel? No, I don’t think so. But I think it’s reasonable to assume that it’s going to get back to a healthier level, so we’re not afraid to buy assets. And you can get extremely -- potentially extremely good pricing, because you’ve got businesses in distress and -- but it’s not, I wouldn’t say, we are focused on oil and gas, and I don’t think I’ve said that. I just said, we -- we are not afraid to buy a business in a down cycle. Actually, you’ve there almost a reverse problem. If you are in a very strong up cycle, and you look at the sellers who are selling that business, they of course will take where they’re at the top of the cycle, and say they’re going to grow organically from that point, and they will never put a cycle -- down cycle in their estimates. So, you got to be careful on that side of the equation. So, we always put cycles in our acquisition models. We actually have an approach, where we can do Monte Carlo analysis and change the magnitude of the cycles, change the timing of the cycles, et cetera, so that we make sure we are paying the correct amount for the assets.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, I mean, that’s a great point. And if you recall, what I said at -- in one of the questions that one somebody asked in this meeting, right around the time we released guidance, I don’t remember exactly when oil hit $26 a barrel, but we were starting to feel that. And so therefore when I came out or we came out with guidance at -- a quarter ago, I pushed you towards the low-end, and I did that, because of the concern that did in fact materialize. I’m not sure; I think I’ve ever done that before in my 16 years of being a CEO. Normally we come out with a very balanced view on the guidance, not trying to push it one way or the other. And as I’ve already mentioned on this call, the guidance we are giving you now is balanced. In other words, we think there is as much upside potential, as there is downside risk. So, if things are weaker than what I’m saying, you could end up at the low-end. If things are better, you are going to be at the high-end. So it’s a balanced view and it’s not weighted in either direction. And so, which is much more consistent with what we’ve done in the past.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. That’s real simple. The second half of the year, last year was very weak. So the comp [indiscernible] easier.
Frank S. Hermance: No, it’s the reverse. It’s really what I talked about in answer to the first question. It’s that oil and gas and the impact of metals deflation got worse. And I was feeling that around the time of the call, but we were unable to quantify it, because the market -- both of those markets sort of just clammed up, is what happened.
Frank S. Hermance: I did the best I could to try to give you the best call I could give you, with what I knew at the time. [Multiple speakers] guidance. I mean, we did make our guidance so.
Frank S. Hermance: The bias is definitely towards M&A. I mean, we’ve said and said repeatedly that the best way we create value for our shareholders is by buying companies and making them better, and that is the primary use of capital. Having said that, we will do opportunistic buybacks of stock. And I think Bob mentioned in his report that in the first quarter we did some. It was 2.4 million shares and we may very well continue that, but I don’t want to imply that that’s going to be a primary use of our cash. We can create better value for you, by buying companies and improving them.
Frank S. Hermance: Great. Thank you very much, Jenisha. Thanks everyone for joining the call today. A replay will be available on AMETEK.com and StreetEvents.com,. And as always, I’m available for further discussions today. Thank you.
