Bob Mandos: Thank you, Frank. As Frank noted, we had an excellent fourth quarter with strong operating performance and an excellent quality of earnings. I will provide some further details. In the quarter, organic selling expenses were up less than organic sales on a percentage basis. General and administrative expenses were up 8% over last year's fourth quarter driven by a contribution to the AMETEK charitable foundation in the fourth quarter. As a percentage of sales, general and administrative expenses were 1.2% of sales in line with last year's fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, total other expenses were down approximately $4.5 million versus the fourth quarter of 2013. This $0.01 per diluted share benefit was more than offset by realignment costs of $0.02 per diluted share taken in the fourth quarter, resulting in a high quality of earnings. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.1% essentially in line with last year's fourth quarter of 27.2%. We are very pleased with the success of our ongoing international and state tax planning initiatives. For 2015 we estimate our tax rate to be between 28% and 29%. As we have said before, actual quarterly tax rates can differ dramatically either positively or negatively from this full-year rate. Overall, our quality of earnings was excellent in the quarter. On the balance sheet, working capital, defined as receivables plus inventory less payables, was a very strong 17.1% of sales in the fourth quarter and 17.6% for the full year. We remain one of the top performers in our peer group, and our working capital performance is a direct reflection of the tremendous strides our business units have taken in driving towards operating excellence. Strong working capital management will remain a key priority. Capital spending was $24 million for the quarter and $71 million for the full year. Full year 2014 capital expenditures were 1.8% of sales. 2015 capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $75 million. Depreciation and amortization was $36 million for the quarter and $139 million for the full year. 2015 depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $150 million. Our cash flow was excellent in the quarter and for the full year. Operating cash flow for the quarter and full year were records. In the fourth quarter, operating cash flow was $213 million, and free cash flow was $189 million, representing 125% of net income. Full-year operating cash flow was $726 million, up 10% over 2013, and full-year free cash flow was $65 million or 112% of net income. Our strong cash flow was deployed to support our acquisition strategy where we expended approximately $575 million on transactions in 2014. In addition, in the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 4.7 million shares of stock for approximately $243 million. These repurchases were in line with our stated strategy to offset the dilutive impact of our benefit plans with optimistic share repurchases. Total debt was $1.7 billion at December 31, up approximately $300 million from 2013 year end driven largely by acquisitions and share repurchases. Offsetting this debt is cash and cash equivalents of $378 million resulting in a net debt to capital ratio at December 31 of 29.2%. At December 31, we had approximately $1.2 billion of cash in existing credit facilities to fund our growth initiatives. Our highest priority for capital deployment remains acquisitions. In summary, we had an outstanding 2014 establishing records for essentially all the key financial metrics. We are well positioned for further growth both organically and through acquisitions with a strong balance sheet and cash flow.
Bob Mandos: This is Bob. The answer to the question there is we had a settlement to the gain on some old insurance policies that relate to environmental policies that actually just benefit from in the fourth quarter and that's really what's lowing through.
Bob Mandos: We expect that it's going to be an incremental increase of about $0.03 per share as we go into 2015.
Frank Hermance: Sure, Allison. In essence, we have included in our estimates what we believe is going to be the impact of oil prices falling to the levels that they're at which is obviously a very depressed level. If you look at our business, we have about $125 million of our business that is focused on upstream oil and gas. And in total if you look at the amount of business when you include the downstream and the midstream piece, it's about $400 million. We've done a roll up. We estimate that the impact on our business is going to be about $40 million in sales. As I mentioned, that's included in our estimates. The majority of that is in that $125 million upstream part of the business. So we believe we have the impacts covered. There will be a counter effect that's positive that is difficult to predict in terms of exactly what the magnitude will be, but there should obviously be a positive impact on the US economy that should result from this reduction in oil prices. But we haven't assumed any of that in our estimates.
Frank Hermance: Another great question, Allison. We have rolled up, in a very detailed manner, the budget for 2015, and although our margins are very good and very high, we do expect that we can continue to expand margins, and we are estimating a 30 to 40 basis point improvement in margins for 2015 over 2013 or 2014. And the drivers for that are really 2 things. One, is the fact that we expect organic growth in 2015 to basically have a very high contribution margin going to the bottom line. As you've heard us speak before, our contribution margins are very good. In 2014, the actual contribution margin for the Company was actually greater than 40%. We have told you to estimate 35% for our contribution margins, but we tend to outperform that, so you take that organic growth and that will go to the bottom line through that contribution margin and thus that will be a lift on the margin performance of the Company. The second thing is our very aggressive cost reduction activities. You heard in my opening comments that we're, I would say, conservatively expecting $110 million of cost improvements going through the P&L in 2014. We've been aggressive on the cost side. You heard the $0.02 of realignment costs that we put in the fourth quarter. As we saw the price of oil go down and we saw some of the FX impacts, we decided to take a bit aggressive stance in terms of additional cost reductions. So we're pretty confident in that $110 million of savings, and you sum those 2 and that leads to basically the 30 to 40 basis points of margin improvement.
Frank Hermance: I think that's right. I think everybody looking at 2015 now versus just a few months ago are seeing headwinds if you're in the general industrial space as we are. And we feel this positions us in a very, very positive way. We are very, very good at cost and asset management. You just heard me talk to Allison about the basic improvements we're going to put through the P&L which helps when the economic environment is not as strong as we would all like on a worldwide basis. And we view it as a great time to be aggressive in the acquisition front. We've got plenty of cash flow as Bob mentioned in his opening remarks. We're going to focus on acquisitions, and we believe there are good targets out there that we can buy at reasonable multiples, add value to, and continue the growth of the Company through both organic and acquisition type of activities.
Frank Hermance: I think in general I would say if I look back in history, obviously we've been doing deals for many, many years and what tends to happen when the global economic environment is sort of difficult, many companies decide it's a good time to buy – or sell. So it's a great time for us to look at buying those companies. We continually and think you know, John, we've got a team here that nourishes deals, works with companies over an extended period of time and on occasion they will just come to us and say – hey, now we are ready. And I think the global economic environment will foster some of that.
Frank Hermance: Yes, if you look with the amount of shares that we bought back, the 4.7 million shares, and you look back over the last few years, we have not bought back any shares. As Bob mentioned in his opening remarks, we do that opportunistically. We felt that the stock price actually didn't move as well as one would expect in 2014 given our truly superlative performance. So we took advantage of that. And in essence, that 4.7 million shares does offset the dilution if you look back over a number of years. We're not changing our strategy. We are basically going to focus on acquisitions as you said. Would it be possible in the future that we take some of the capital and buyback more shares? I never want to say no, but that's really not our thrust. We think that we can create the most value for shareholders by basically buying companies and making them better and getting the synergies with our present operating units. So there is no present intent to do some type of major buyback. Also implied in your question is, do we have the flexibility if we wanted to do some buybacks along with doing acquisitions? Absolutely. The cash flow of the Company is superlative as Bob mentioned. There's a significant amount of capital that we have available to us. So we are not capital constrained. And if we got to a point where there weren't as many deals on the table as we would like, we would surely consider it. But it's not our present thought process.
Frank Hermance: Yes, actually hat's a great question, Chris. The pipeline remains good in terms of size of deals. We are looking at deals that spread all the way from technology deals where the revenue is not all that significant to what I would say are the typical sized deals for AMETEK which would be in that sort of $100 million revenue category. And our pipeline also includes larger deals. Deals that are up in the $500 million kind of range in terms of sales. As you know and what I've said many times, we are not looking to do a merger of equals. So we're not looking at companies that are sort of multi-billion dollars in size. But we've got a good range of deals. There are actionable deals and you never can tell when a deal is going to close or if it's going to close, but we are remaining very, very active, and it's a top priority of our management team to focus on deals and bring them home.
Frank Hermance: No we really don't have the kind of rule of thumb. But I can tell you to give you a flavor of that, if we looked at 2015, we looked at currency rates that are pretty close to where they are today, and the impact was about 2% on the top line maybe a little bit greater than 2% on the top line. And on the bottom line it was about $0.05 per share. So that sort of gives you a calibration point, and we have included that in our estimates so that we are assuming that kind of currency impact. We're relatively balanced in terms of cost and sales in currencies so that the impact on us is there. Wish it weren't, but it's not all that sizable.
Frank Hermance: Another good question. We're up about 1.6% in pricing. Just to follow on the inflation was about 0.8%. So the net of those 2 was about 0.8% to the bottom line.
Frank Hermance: Absolutely, Scott. We focus on that ratio like a hawk is probably the best way to describe it. And our estimates – and it's somewhat difficult to estimate exactly, but our estimates right now are between 1.5% and 2% on pricing, and inflation running a little bit higher this year. Probably closer to 0.8%, 0.9%, 1%, something in that region. So that's essentially what's baked into our budget.
Frank Hermance: Absolutely. It's a conservative number. You know our history, Scott. We typically come out with a number and then as our operating units perform and we have confidence that they're going to do more, we will raise that as the year goes on. So I personally would be disappointed if we didn't end up well above that $110 million number. But we'll update you in each quarter.
Frank Hermance: I will give you an update on the various businesses as Scott asked. I'll start with EIG. EIG aerospace had really a super fourth quarter with organic sales and orders both up low double digits reflecting excellent growth in our regional and business-to-business and a continued strong growth in our commercial aerospace business. As we look ahead to 2015, we expect EIG aerospace sales to be up in the mid-single-digit region, and that's going to be driven by the continued ramp up of our key commercial OEM platforms and solid growth in business and regional jets. Our process businesses had a solid fourth quarter to complete really an excellent year. In the fourth quarter overall sales were up low double digits on a percentage basis. Organic sales were flat, but it was against a very difficult comparison from the prior year. Overall growth was driven by contributions from the recent acquisitions which were Creaform, VTI instruments, Luphos, Zygo, and AMPTEK. We are already seeing the benefits, as I mentioned in my opening talk, from the AMPTEK acquisition with the introduction of a new product at EDAX using AMPTEK's detector technology. Also, the introduction of a number of new products at Creaform has been very well received by their customers. So in mid-2015, we're optimistic. We expect our process businesses to grow mid- to high-single digits overall with mid-single digit organic growth. And the third part of EIG is power and industrial. Power and industrial businesses had a strong fourth quarter. Overall sales were up approximately 24% with the growth driven by the contributions from Teseq and Powervar. These 2 acquisitions that we did recently, and we're very pleased with the success of those acquisitions both of those businesses are performing quite well and are actually exceeding the models we put in place for them. And for 2015, we expect both overall and organic sales for power and industrial to be up low- to mid-single digits. So if you sum those 3 parts of EIG, for all of EIG for 2015, we're expecting overall sales to be up mid-single digits on a percentage basis with organic growth up low- to mid-single digits. Moving on to EMG. Our differentiated businesses had a great fourth quarter with strong sales and order performance. Sales were up mid-single digits driven by strong growth in our precision motion control and our engineered materials interconnect and packaging businesses. Orders were really strong. They were up 10% organically. For 2015, we expect our differentiated EMG businesses to be up mid-single digits overall and organically. And the last part of the Company, our floor care and specialty motors business. The sales in that business were down mid-single digits organically in the quarter, and that was against a very difficult comparison from the prior-year, and for 2015, we expect sales for this business to be up low-single digits organically. And if you sum those 2 parts of EMG, for all of EMG, we expect both overall an organic growth of low- to mid-single digits on a percentage basis. And that's how we then roll up the Company so that as a whole we are expecting mid-single digit sales growth overall with organic growth up in this low- to mid-single digit region.
Frank Hermance: There's chuckling going on in the room, because it's really not arbitrary. We do a very extensive process as we go through the budgets for 2015. And for every one of our operations, we ask them to identify growth projects in terms of how they're going to grow the top line. We ask them to look at pricing. We look very intently at inflation, and then we look at cost improvements that they need to put in the business so that they get a good return for shareholders. It's a very detailed analysis in each of those parts of the business. So every business has a cost improvement target that they are not only focused on, but there is also an element of their compensation which is related to it. And what Bob does is rolls that up from throughout the entire Company, and that provides a number to us and quite frankly we gave that a bit of a haircut, because not every business unit is going to make their exact target as some are going to over perform some are going to under perform. And therefore when we first come out and talk with you, we give you a conservative number, and then as we go through the year, we will look to see how the overall Company is doing, and we tend to raise it. And there will also be dynamics in businesses where they'll get into the year, and they'll say – some businesses will say, the year looks a little tougher and we're going to do a little bit more in this area. And then there number goes up. So it's a flexible type thing. We look at it very closely and it's not just a swag. It's analytically driven.
Frank Hermance: I think a fair amount of it is in our control. We are putting hefty investments in RD&E that we talked about. And obviously they're going to have an impact on the organic growth. And the products that come out and are produced the better they are the more market penetration we're going to get. We're going to continue the investments in international regions. You heard some of the data that I provided with the strong growth that we are seeing in international. So we're going to continue to put those investments in and focus on the distribution system both outside the US and inside the US. And actually that book-to-bill that you're talking about it was 0.99 in the fourth quarter, but actually it was driven by the FX effect on backlog. So if you take that out the book-to-bill was actually pretty much in line. So it's hard, as you mentioned, with the type of businesses we have to focus on that backlog number. But we feel pretty good about it. It's $1.2 billion. It's up a nice amount from the end of the previous year so – and very importantly, the organic growth in orders in Q4 was very strong as I mentioned in my opening remarks. It was up 7% so a very very good number. Actually the organic growth in orders for all of 2014 was up 4%, a fairly healthy number in this environment.
Frank Hermance: Okay I'll take that. If you look at the MRO business, those markets for 2015 are going up 3% to 4%. That's the general market growth. We're calling for mid-single digits in that part of the business so we expect it to be reasonably good. The surprise is military. We all expected that military was going to be a real drag on the business. And in fact, in the fourth quarter our military business was up mid-single digits, and we really scrubbed this number, but for 2015, we're expecting it to be up mid-single digits as well. That's being driven by a couple of things. It's not as much driven by the US military market as it is the international business. We've got a good amount of content in military in Europe, and that business is doing quite well. So there's a fair amount of confidence. And actually when you look across all of aerospace for the Company for next year, we're looking at mid-single digit growth in essentially all the parts of aerospace. It might end up a little bit stronger in commercial than what we're calling for right now, because obviously there's some key drivers going on there with new platforms, but overall aerospace is a good picture for us right now.
Frank Hermance: If I could just add to what Bob said. If you look below the operating income line, obviously we picked up a benefit there that was offset to some degree by the increase in interest expense that was due to the private placement we did, so we picked up sort of a penny below the line. But as we mentioned several times during the call, we actually took a couple of cents of realignment costs above the line and as a result, our earnings were really a very high quality, so we felt very good about that.
Dave Zapico: Sure. As Frank mentioned earlier, we took an additional $5 million of costs to get – increase our benefits that we're going to get from Zygo at about $20 million in cost synergy. And we are very pleased with the progress and integration we've had so far. When we bought the business, the margins were in the low teens, and we ended the year in the mid-teens and at the end of 2015 we expect to be in the high teens. And as you said, we expect it to be above the AMETEK average when we are done. We are really seeing efficiency in all areas that we can improve the business. The most – the biggest change that you see right now is we have put a new management team in place. There's an AMETEK P&L leader and an AMETEK finance leader at the business. And they've gone through and put a new work structure in place that brings P&L accountability to the business. I think that long-term, we're very bullish with the Zygo technology and the AMETEK financial discipline and OpEx we're going to have a great return for shareholders.
Dave Zapico: The ultra precision technology business and the materials analysis division are now much bigger parts of the process, and they are tied to the general industrial market and the research market that's about 80% of the process business now. And those businesses are going very well. We are seeing organic growth related to new product introduction and global expansion. Those 2 businesses while the oil and gas business was growing very nicely through our acquisition strategy have become a much bigger part of process and that's where the growth is coming from.
Dave Zapico: We are baking in some potential weakness. It's not nearly like the upstream, but we are baking in some weakness. Basically we are balanced geographically in that part of the business, and we are seeing the larger international projects moving along. There is a big aftermarket component in that part of the business. About a quarter to a third of the business is aftermarket, and there's some demand drivers and environmental regulations that are impacting the business positively. So we see a slight decline but nothing like the upstream, and that's all factored into that $40 million.
