David Zapico: Yes. I mean we had strong orders each month of the quarter with the strongest month being June, so pretty typical. And we just ended July, and our results were strong in July and very consistent with our outlook. So there's really continue order strength that was -- we had strength in both groups. EIG was up 11 and EMG was up 9. Overall, organic growth was up 11. We're growing at healthy rates in all major regions of the world. All subsegments that we operate in are growing nicely. So it feels pretty good from where we sit. In addition to that, we have, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, a record backlog of $3.1 billion, and that's up about 80% from just to -- prior to the start of the COVID pandemic. And we're feeling good, and we're not seeing any weakness anywhere right now.
David Zapico: Last quarter, orders were up 9% in Europe. And we had notable strength in our automation and aerospace businesses, and the aerospace businesses really started to accelerate. So it feels pretty good from a demand perspective right now, but with the geopolitical things going on in Russia and Ukraine and the fuel costs in Germany, we're certainly looking -- watching that very closely as that may be a sign of the first place for it to turn down for us. But right now, it's not. And Europe is strong, and we had a good quarter there. Again, Europe was up 9%.
David Zapico: I mean, right now it’s quite the opposite. Our orders in our aerospace & defense business were up low double digits in the quarter. Our commercial business was up stronger, and it grew mid-teens and the strongest growth within the commercial aftermarket. And defense market was up low single digits for us, better than in the first quarter. So we're looking at a very strong second half, and most of the interactions we have with our customers are asking us for more. So we're not seeing any slowdown in demand or anything. And I think that market is because of pent-up demand has got a long cycle of growth ahead of it.
David Zapico: Right. So in the second quarter, our price continued to more than offset inflation. Pricing was about 6% and inflation was about 5% of sales. So we maintained about 100 basis point spread. And the results speak to the highly differentiated nature of the AMETEK product portfolio and our leadership position in niche markets. And we think about it as we had 6% volume growth and 6% price growth and 12% organic growth. So we think it was a really good quarter from that viewpoint.
David Zapico: If you dig into it, the guide actually reflects mid-to high single digits because we have some currency headwinds. And really, quarter three is kind of a carbon copy of quarter two. And we have a little bit of seasonality in quarter three because of the European exposure. But the difference between quarter two and quarter three, we're expecting a little higher tax rate. So we would consider it appropriately conservative, but there are some dynamics with tax sequentially and the organic rate is mid-to-high. So it's not mid currencies holding us back a bit.
David Zapico: No. I mean, when I look at the margins for the whole business, it was up 130 basis points as reported and 140 basis points core. So you really see strong flow-through through price. And when you look at total cost of sales, I think the margins improved there. EMG -- strong in both groups, EMG margins were up 70 basis points and EIG margins were up 150 basis points as reported, and we had very healthy core incrementals of 40% and reported 38 core incrementals of 38%, 40%. So it feels like we're more than offsetting inflation with price, and we're getting margin expansion. So I think it's a great margin story. And our teams are really executing in their business as well.
David Zapico: Yes. If you think about our Electronic Instruments Group, we're largely selling 10 users there. So we have a good view of the end user and our products are customized. So we don't have the problem of people double ordering they're going to be over ordering, but they're not ordering to put stuff on the shelf just in case because of your expensive customized, highly engineered products. When you think about our EMG business, that has more of a -- we're back on the food chain a couple of levels like you talked about. And you could have a backup there, but we're not seeing it right now, and it's indicated by our strong orders growth. So it feels like we're in the right areas and demand is still growing, and we're pretty optimistic about the second half of the year.
David Zapico: Right. It's a little early to start talking about 2023, but the same pricing strategy that we've employed will continue. When we think about the second half of the year, we want to maintain that 100 basis point spread that we had in the second quarter. So the difference between 6% and 5% of sales is 100 basis points. We want to continue that. And second half of the year, and the future pricing is going to be a big part of our budget discussions, and we think inflation is going to be here for a while. So that's going to influence our thought process. So I would expect to main positive spread into next year also.
David Zapico: It's a combination of both. I mean it's list, but in a lot of situations, there are -- we're tied to certain indexes and for shipping and things like that where commodities there could be a retracement a bit, but most of it is in the base price. So we try to get it in base price. But in some situations, it's obvious, it's transparent with your customer, and you have to give it back when things go down. But at the same time, we're saying we'll maintain that 100 basis point spread for the second half of the year.
David Zapico: No. I think the outlook for all the businesses is positive, and we're really pleased to have bought them all. And the management teams are now getting embedded into AMETEK. I'd make a -- the business has had the same problems with supply chain that we experienced across our businesses, and those problems were more experienced in the Electronic Instruments Group. They were impact us a lot. And -- but the second half of the year, we took the opportunity to realign those businesses, get them integrated into AMETEK. And for the second half of the year, I really think we're going to have some significant momentum in H2 related to those deals. So we made a lot of progress during the first year. And I think, into the second half of this year and also 2023, I really see significant momentum.
David Zapico: No, that's a good question, Jeff. I mean we remain very active. We mentioned that in our prepared remarks. We're looking at multiple deals. As always, we're focused on long-term returns. One of the things I'm excited about is our debt profile. About 86% of our debt is long term and fixed at a 3.2% interest rate. So if there's a -- if interest rates rise, it's really going to have limited effect on us. As Bill mentioned in his prepared remarks, we have no debt maturities in the next couple of years. We recently upsized our revolver. So we're in a very good position to be in terms of executing our M&A strategy. And as I said, our pipeline is strong, and I expect you'll be hearing from us in the second half of the year regarding M&A.
David Zapico: Yes. So, we're not giving that information out. It's really tough to understand that. What we're saying is we'll maintain a spread of 100 basis points positive. And it's a very complicated when you take into account FX and our different mix of businesses and what's happening in the market with some commodity starting to come down. So -- but what we're saying is we'll maintain a 100 basis point spread between price and inflation in the second half of the year.
David Zapico: Yes. The -- I mentioned in a prior call that the multiples were very high. And for quality assets, they're still attracting a bit of a premium. But the multiples between public and private markets are coming in, they're coming closer together. And if you have to go and finance a deal and AMETEK can pay from its balance sheet, it gives us an advantage right now because there is some difficulty in getting financing impacting some private equity potential buyers and sellers for that matter.
David Zapico: I think in the research community, it really stands out and it does drive customers to us. And the other thing I mentioned in the EUV market, designing and developing optics there there's really only a couple of people that can do it. So Zygo already well known. But those type of events do help us, and they drive customers to us because they see our expertise. And it also is positive for our employees to see that kind of thing and how we're improving the world. So it does help, and we have a lot of businesses like that around AMETEK.
David Zapico: Yes. I'd say in general, we're agnostic. Wherever it's built in the world, we're going to have our shot at it. But what's happening now is there's probably going to be some incremental capacity put in to satisfy things like security and national defense. And with more opportunities, we'll certainly get a fair share of our business there.
David Zapico: Yes, I think on our process businesses, organic sales for process were up low double digits in the quarter. They had a very broad-based growth across essentially all process businesses. And growth in the quarter was particularly strong across Taylor Hobson, Zygo, and our fluid analysis businesses. And you take that all in, and now we're expecting organic sales for process businesses to be up high single digits. So we raised that. Aerospace & defense. Organic sales for our aerospace & defense businesses were up low double digits growth across each segment. Total commercial sales were up mid-teens in the quarter, with strong growth across commercial OEM and aftermarket, and defense sales were up low single digits. So stronger in commercial, but defense was growing also. And for the full year, we now expect organic sales to be up high single digits for our A&D businesses with growth in both commercial and also defense. And if you look at our power power & industrial businesses, excellent in the quarter, up mid-teens on a percentage basis with notable strength in our grammable power business. And we now expect organic sales in our power & industrial business to be up high single digits. So that was raised also. And then finally, our automation & engineered solutions, a really solutions, both seeing strong growth. And we raised the year for that segment also to be high single digits. So we're reflecting the strength of our businesses and an improved organic guide for the rest of the year. And really all those subsegments are now forecasted to grow at high single digits.
David Zapico: Yes. Cost savings in the quarter was $35 million. So a really good quarter. And we're getting a lot of that through value engineering. We're redesigning some of these things and getting them designed at a lower cost level. So that's helping us a lot. And for the year, the cost savings number is $125 million.
David Zapico: Yes. You never can tell with deals, Scott. And things can happen and things can change. But I feel really confident right now because the volume of deals that we're looking at and processing and having some positive interactions are high. And they're both the typical deals that AMETEK has and there are some that are on the bigger size within the constraint of the types of deals we look at. So the -- we're busy with deals. We're busy, and we get -- our people are real busy. And the situation that I talked about with our strong balance sheet, the fixed debt, the strong cash flow, we think that's going to be a differentiator for us as we look into the second half of the year.
David Zapico: Good question. In general, we had a good second quarter across the board. The one area that I'd point out is the order growth rates in the commercial aerospace market were one of the things that caught my attention. So I'm looking for some positives there in the second half of the year and into 2023.
David Zapico: Yes, that's a good question. What you really see is some things are coming back in, decreasing in price like inflation, like the commodities. But at the same time, you have wages and other areas that are increasing. So the net effect is inflation is still increasing. It went from 4% to 5% sequentially in the quarter. Right now, I think that's going to stabilize at that, but it's difficult to predict. That's why we have things in place. We're going to maintain that 100 basis points positive spread. But clearly, there are different dynamics that are happening right now where some things are coming back in and some things are still inflating, but the net is still increasing costs. So -- but we've got a good system to manage that, but that may change over the next quarter, and we'll tell you about it. But right now, that's where it is.
