Dave Zapico: Great question, Matt. In the second quarter, we were very pleased that our pricing continues to offset inflation. We achieved about 3% of price across our entire portfolio, and total inflation was about two points. So, we had about a 100 basis point positive spread. And we want to stay in front of it. We want to stay there. And with all the acquisitions that we did and all the costs from those acquisitions, it showed up. We had 170 basis points of core margin expansion. And that pricing really helped us deliver that. So, we're ahead of the game now, we plan on staying there. There is increasing inflation, but with the 3% pricing and the 2% inflation, we were very pleased with our performance during the quarter.
Dave Zapico: Yes, sure. I mean as we said before, the organic orders were up substantially. During the quarter, they grew every month, with June being the strongest month of the quarter. Sales also grew every month sequentially. And June was also the strongest month of the quarter, and so a very strong trend during the quarter. And then with July, it was a very solid month, and was supportive of our forecast and guide. So, we feel real good about the orders trend in the business.
Dave Zapico: Yes, the number that I gave you, the 2%, is total inflation in our business, so that's not just material, that's total inflation. And then in terms of peaking out, I mean it's -- inflation is increasing, we're staying in front of it. I don't think we're ready to say it's peaked yet. I think that there is an element of temporary cost spiking, but it's very difficult to bifurcate that between the underlying inflation and what's happening on a temporary basis. So, the honest answer is we're not sure, but we're going to stay ahead it. And that's the way we're managing the business.
Dave Zapico: Sure. As we said, we're putting about $100 million of incremental investment in our P&L. And that was raised about $5 million from the last quarter, so some new opportunities are coming up. And I'd put it in several areas. I mean we're investing in core product development. That's the future of our business, and we want to stay with the best benefits in our products with our customers. That's happening, that's about probably a third of that $100 million. And then the other two-thirds is in sales and marketing and our digitization effort. So, we're doing a lot of things to improve our customer-facing capability. We're doing a lot of things around digital marketing, our sales force effectiveness. And teams are motivated and is working well, and we've able to do continued investing during the depths of the virus, and we're accelerating now. So, it's $100 million, it's in product development, and it's in sales and marketing, but a lot of it is in the digital space.
Dave Zapico: Great question. The commercial aerospace is about 7% of our portfolio now. And we're obviously watching that Delta variant very closely, because we're not sure exactly what's going to happen. We haven't seen a downturn yet from the Delta variant. And our commercial aerospace business had a very good quarter. I mean we were up 25% in commercial aerospace. Our aftermarket business and our business jet market were stronger than our OEM markets. And that business, for the year, we haven't changed our outlook for the year. For our whole aerospace and defense business, we're still staying up low-to-mid single digits, so we're not seeing the same kind of traction in that business right now, partially because the aftermarket is doing better than the OE business. But it's stabilized for sure, it's 7% of our business, and we're watching it closely with the Delta variant. I mean we haven't seen a change yet in passenger model, but that could happen. So, that's the best information I can give you.
Dave Zapico: Yes, the best way I can answer is we talked about, last year; we had about $90 million in temporary costs that we removed from the P&L. Now we're at, fast-forward to the end of Q2, so about a month ago, they came in during the quarter. But by the end of the quarter they were pretty much all backend, except out travel expenses. So there was about $10 million or $15 million of travel expenses. They're bleeding in slower than we anticipated earlier in the year, but largely all the expenses, besides travel, are back in the P&L.
Dave Zapico: Yes, that there'll definitely be add-backs because we'll get full quarter effects, and there will also be some headwinds from our compensation system. We're -- we budget, we target our compensation systems, and we're having a good year, so there's a headwind from that too. So, there'll be some additional costs in the second-half of the year that will impact that.
Dave Zapico: Yes, the research market is doing well. It's starting to pick up a bit. But that market is probably more impacted than the classic industrial market, because a lot of the research institutions were slow to start up. There's difficulty getting access to the facilities. So, the market is hanging in there, it's doing well. But it's certainly not inflecting up as much as in the general industrial markets.
Dave Zapico: Yes, our teams are very active now. And we certainly -- we'd like to get a deal done between now and the end of the year, but there's no guarantee on that. There's a lot of properties in the market, there's a lot of activity going on right now for sure, but finding those gems that we acquire and end up becoming a part of the AMETEK portfolio is a different story. As we told you before many times, our acquisition strategy is not capital-limited, it's finding the right acquisitions to acquire, and we're very active now, and our teams are doing a great job. In terms of the capacity to-do deals, maybe I'll have Bill comment on that.
Dave Zapico: Yes, there could be. There could be yet a situation where you had the industrial recession in the 2015-2016 timeframe. And then we had a few years of good growth, but then we had the pandemic. So, clearly, supply chains are stressed and people are going to put -- they're dealing with the current issues, but there's going to be some capacity put in. And I think that that could be one of the outcomes of this economic cycle that we're in. So, we're pretty bullish on the industrial cycle right now. And we think there -- as I mentioned earlier, there is a COVID bounce, and it's pretty difficult to bifurcate the COVID bounce from the long-term growth, but we certainly are seeing customers planning in a way that's different than just a bounce.
Dave Zapico: Yes, during the second quarter we had a pretty good month in Asia -- pretty good quarter in Asia, we were up about 30%. And it was a broad-based strength. It was notable strength in many of our businesses, but our automation business and our process instruments business stood out. And specifically within Asia, China growth was up 27%. So, it remains strong. And in China, our process instrumentation businesses did very well. So, we're still seeing solid growth in China. We've understand the press reports as well as anybody about what's going on in those regions. We're still operating all of our plants. We do have pockets where we're dealing with some COVID issues right now. But it's not unlike it's been the past three or four months, except the fact that there's probably a little more spread in China now. So, we're watching that closely, and -- but to your point, the China growth remains strong for us, 27% was the growth in the quarter.
Dave Zapico: Yes. There were issues like that going on all over Jeff, but I'd say that in general, in the second quarter, our teams did an excellent job and we had the material and we had the labor and we had the execution to get out what we needed to. There are certainly challenges in that broader materials and logistics right now, our guidance reflects the known risks. These issues are going to be with us for some period of time. And we're managing the issue with dedicated business unit personnel. So, each business unit has a team on their supply chain, but we also have an overlay over company-wide resources or global sourcing team and they're doing an effective job right now. The big area of focus for us right now is on semiconductor chip availability. And we're looking at that very closely trying to do secure our supply chains. And you can end up with a situation where you think you have a firm delivery and the day comes from the delivery and it's not there. I think everybody in the industrial world is delivering with that right now. And it causes with me a game of Whac-A-Mole where you're scrambling to get your output out but our people did a good job in the second quarter. And there is an element of prudent judgment in our second-half guide. But our guidance reflects all of our known risks.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I may have said the wrong thing if I said acceleration of the orders, both orders and sales grew sequentially every month, but June being the highest strongest month of the quarter. So, that doesn't mean that they're ready to change; accelerated, that means that June was higher the May, May was higher than April, for both orders, and we had a very strong trend in July also.
Dave Zapico: Yes. A lot of what we're doing is discrete automation and we've also done some factory automation and we've invested heavily over the past few years. So position our product portfolio and our capability at the top of the market, and we're benefiting from it now because as customers ramp up, our automation technology is helping them better serve their customer bases and the demand has been strong for many quarters. And we don't expect that to change.
Dave Zapico: Yes, the first point is I think localization of manufacturing and people developing more durable supply chains is definitely one of the drivers of the demand we're seeing. What was your second question Rob? It was the 
Dave Zapico: Breadth of portfolio, so again, the first part of the question, we're definitely seeing localization drive demand. Those people look for more durable, more local supply chains. What we're really seeing it, if you go through our portfolio, look let's start with our process businesses with our largest business. It grew mid-20s organic during the quarter. Really strong levels demand essentially all MRs, leading to really robust sales and orders. Our growth was particularly strong in one of our instrumentation businesses called our ultra precision technology business that had a great quarter and they're benefiting from a metrology measurement technology related to automation. And you think about the power and industrial business, that business was up 30% organic in the quarter. The businesses that did well there, both segments power and industrial and particularly strong growth in our Brookfield business and our [indiscernible] business. Again, that was broad-based. And the power and industrial business was kind of one of the lagers on orders to pick up. And we were really pleased to see that. And then we talked about our automation and engineer solutions business. They were up low-20s organic and that's been strong for a period of time with a robust and strong demand continuing. So, all of those are strong. Our aerospace and defense business had a really good quarter. The sales were up high teens on a percentage basis versus the prior year. So this is about 19% of our portfolio. Organic sales were up high teens on a percentage basis, a solid growth across all segments. As I mentioned as an answer to Allison's question earlier, our commercial business was up 25% and our defense business was up about 10%. And for all the 21 that business, we're still not changing. We're continuing to expect low-to-mid single digit organic growth. So if I pulled the aerospace and defense business outside of the portfolio, I'd say that's the one that's, it's bottomed and it's doing well. But we're still looking at that commercial OEM business and watching it bottom, but everything else besides that is showing an uptrend.
Dave Zapico: I think there is a change Joe, and I think that digital transformation is impacting all elements of our business, and we have these different niche of businesses, but some of the technology and the sales and marketing functions applies to all of them. So from digital marketing to e-commerce to augmented reality use to a demo and service our products to the efficiency we're getting out of automating routine clerical tasks and remote process improvement. There's a lot of things going into the digital plans that we have, the digital transformation. So we have and they do impact all of our businesses. And it's kind of a theme across all of our independent niches. So we're focused a lot on improving the business in that area. And we did learn a lot during the pandemic downturn and or taking what we learned and we're making it better and we're institutionalizing some of our best practices.
Dave Zapico: Yes, we're not changing anything yet. And we're not seeing a downturn. But China has been very strong, they were one of the first economies out of the pandemic. So we're looking at it closely. And as I mentioned, our growth was up about 27%. It remains strong, and we have strong quotation activity. I've seen all the reports about the Chinese economy slowing down, and there's probably some of that going on. But in our particular niches where we're playing, we have notable strength.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I think the core incrementals for the year are 35%. But in that second-half, we're going to have some costs coming back into the P&L. So the margins during the second-half can be down a bit, that is reflected in our guidance, but the acquisitions are margin dilutive, our temporary costs are coming back into the cost structure. And also, there's a bit of us being cautious in terms of our guide related to the dynamics of the supply chain. And as you may remember, Deane, we had a very tough, very difficult tough comparison in Q4. I think our EBITDA margins were over 30%. So we have tough comp also. So, there's going to be -- there can be a bit of margin dilution in that second-half, we got some of the one-time costs for the acquisitions working through the system. Those temporary costs we talked about are coming back in, but it's all reflected in our guidance.
Dave Zapico: That's a great question, Deane, I think the semiconductor element of it can last longer, so that can go out to two, three, four quarters as capacity gets put in place. Not specific to semiconductor, but to broader supply chain challenges. Yes, I can see those moderating in a couple of quarters. But semiconductor could last a little bit longer.
Dave Zapico: Yes, the working capital was down about more than 500 basis points, but actually embedded in that was about $50 million more in inventory. So, we've allowed the operating teams guide and secure the parts that they need, and we're certainly not scrimping in that area. But at the same time, it's tough. They get the parts that you need. So we're managing it closely and as I said, we have a good team, both within our local business units combined with our corporate oversight, we're getting good results. But that is a big challenge for us right now.
Dave Zapico: I'll do that, Ken. But I want to be clear, what I was talking about was the semiconductor chips that are supplied to AMETEK, when I was talking about the supply chain tightness, but the semiconductor market is an important market for AMETEK. So we do participate in it from the viewpoint of sales and it's about 6% of our business. So, little under $300 million and we're seeing some solid growth there because we participate both in the research market and the ramp in chip production and application areas we're seeing particular strength would be the EUV optics market, the semiconductor research market, our businesses named CAMECA and ZYGO are doing quite well there and we expect our semiconductor sales to be up in the mid-teen 20% level this year.
Dave Zapico: Yes, our Vitality Index in the quarter was a little better than 23%. So it was a good number. And we have to get our system put in place with some of these acquisitions that we've done. So there's the tracking systems that we put in place aren't in all the acquisitions yet. So we can't look at those businesses the same way, we look at our current businesses, but in general, we have a strong vitality, we have a number of in the low 20s, we're happy. And we think there's good opportunities for our businesses, and we're funding them and it's a big area for us is important for us as they get our product development teams, working together, introducing new products, because that's fundamental for both the AMETEK pricing story to be able to stay in front of inflation and also growing organic growth in the niche markets that we're leaders in. So it's really important to us.
