Dave Zapico: Great question. The overall demand environment still feels solid. We had the 12th straight quarter of positive book-to-bill and ended with an all-time record of $3.44 billion. So our book-to-bill was 1.01 and it was positive in both groups; so that's really great. Our backlog is over 50% of our annual sales and well above normal historical levels. So normal historical level of about 30%. So we're in a strong position as we proceed throughout 2023. If you recall in the last couple of earnings calls, we highlighted a couple of dynamics that would impact order growth. The first are difficult comparisons. If you look at our -- over an extended period of time, in fact, in all 2021 and '22, we averaged 18% organic growth. So we have some difficult comps that we're running up against. And the second dynamic we highlighted, is our expectation to return to more normalized ordering patterns. We had a situation where customers were ordering early and now that the supply chain is improving and getting back to normal, lead times are getting back to normal or seeing this dynamic play out. But we're well positioned to deal with it and our record backlog and positive book-to-bill give us confidence for the remainder of the year.
Dave Zapico: Yes. Our pipeline remains very strong and we're actively looking at a number of high-quality deals across a broad set of our markets. And as always, we will remain disciplined. So the discipline is in full force but we expect it to be active in the back half of the year. And more broadly, over the next couple of years, we really have the opportunity to differentiate our performance with the M&A aspect of our growth strategy. We're very well positioned with a strong balance sheet and we're really working hard at it and sometimes you can't predict what quarter they're going to close on or what quarters are going to happen but the backlog is at an elevated -- that backlog of deals at an elevated level and we are extremely busy.
Dave Zapico: I'd be glad to, Matt. I'll start with our largest market segment, our process segment and overall sales for our Process businesses, were up high single digits in the quarter and that included mid-single-digit organic growth and contributions from the recent acquisition of Navitar. Growth remains solid across each of our process divisions with -- as mentioned in the prepared remarks, our Ultra Precision Technologies business delivered notably strong growth and driven by high-end optics and metrology businesses. We also grew solid growth across our med tech businesses and the Rauland business that we mentioned a couple of quarters ago continues to perform extremely well. So for the full year, we continue to expect mid-single-digit organic growth for the Process businesses, very solid. Aerospace and Defense. The growth remains very strong across our aerospace and defense businesses. In the quarter, both overall and organic sales were up low double digits on a percentage basis. And it really was reflective of strong performance in all of the subsegments in A&D. Growth was particularly strong across our aftermarket businesses as air travel returns to pre-pandemic levels, driving very strong demand for MRO products and services. And given the strong growth in the quarter, we now expect sales for the full year to increase low double digits on a percentage basis versus 2022. So we increased our outlook for our Aerospace and Defense businesses. Moving to Power & Industrial, overall sales were up mid-teens on a percentage basis in the second quarter. And that was really fueled by mid-single-digit organic sales growth and the contributions from the RTDS acquisition which has performed extremely well. Organic growth in the quarter was strongest in our power test and measurement business, programmable power. And for the full year, we continue to expect mid-single-digit organic sales growth for our Power and Industrial businesses. And finally, our Automation & Engineered Solutions. Overall sales were up mid-single digits, with mid-single-digit decline in organic sales being offset by the contributions from the Bison acquisition. And as we noted previously and in my question to Allison, I talked about normalization of inventory levels is continuing across our OEM businesses and the impact is most significant in our automation business. For the full year, we now expect organic sales for our Automation & Engineered Solutions business to be up low single digits with stronger growth expected across our EMIP businesses. That's across the -- around the horn on that.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I'd be glad to. In terms of the automation business, I think it's going to last a couple of quarters. It's probably going to bottom near the end of this year. And what we have there is the end markets for automation are very interesting. The places where the inventory correction is steepest, as with our medical technology customers, with our life science customers. We have been positioned on a lot of COVID test equipment. Also our semiconductors, especially in the memory area is weak right now. So the -- that is correcting and it's going to correct in the second half. But I really think what the end markets that business serves is coiled the response. So in an upward fashion. So we kind of saw this coming. It's impacting OEM businesses but very significantly in our automation business but we're positioned well to manage through that, increase our guidance and because we're really operating well. Our productivity programs are progressing nicely. As I mentioned, the recent acquisitions are performing very well. Price inflation, we have good visibility and the A&D business is accelerating. It's our highest margin segment. Now moving on to your next question. I really feel good about the geographical story around AMETEK too. We saw a strong broad-based growth across all segments. The U.S. was up mid-single digits. We had broad-based strength -- notable strength in our process and aerospace and defense businesses. Europe was up high single digits, really, really positive performance there with notable strength in our process and power businesses. And Asia was up with 3 points with notable strength in process.
Dave Zapico: Yes. On the price issue in the second quarter, we continued to more than offset inflation. Our pricing was about 5% and inflation was about 4%. And that gave us a positive spread of approximately 100 basis points. So solid performance there. We're seeing decreasing costs in some commodities and logistics, offset by other costs and wages in travel. But I feel like we have that really under control with good visibility and the results there speak to the highly differentiated nature of AMETEK's product portfolio.
Dave Zapico: Yes. New products were a solid quarter. 24% of sales is our vitality index. So what's happening is our customers are buying our new products. And our new products at really good markets. And so we feel really good about that. And significant introductions across the business, I mentioned the Abaco introduction and the word Day 1. But while these are not home run-type swings and our product development is spread out across the business but we have a lot of good things going on.
Dave Zapico: Yes. When I'm talking about other businesses, I'm talking about what's happening, for example, in some of our process instrumentation businesses, we're doing a lot of work there to improve bringing some technologies that were in the lab to the field. And especially in our Spectro Scientific business where there's a lot of technology that we're putting in smart technology, where there's AI algorithms in it and we're doing measurements that were previously done in the lab, now we're doing them in the field. So that's really good and that's all around our predictive maintenance programs that we have with Spectro Analytics. So we're really positive on that. If you think about our -- some of our materials analysis businesses, there is a tremendous amount of data that we're taking from materials analysis. And we're showing our users that in unique and ways highlighting the technologies, our measurement technology. So you have situation where the graphics power, the graphics intensity of what we're doing is kind of a state of the art. So really, across our businesses, a couple of the trends around predictive maintenance, trends around moving the measurements to the field and trends around in the research environment, the analytical computational power to take the data that we have and provide our users with actionable intelligence is would be the areas I'd highlight.
Dave Zapico: Yes. On both our Aerospace and Defense market, we have not peak. Demand is strong in the commercial market but I talked about it but outlook for the year, both commercial and the defense market have low double-digit outlook. So we're really well positioned in the defense market and some of the things I talked about with Abaco played to that. But both sides of A&D, commercial and defense are strong and we clearly have not peaked.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I'll answer the second part of that first. And -- the thing that I would glean, it's more OEM versus end user. So if we have OEMs between our product and the end customer, the OEMs have inventory in place and as we get back to more normalized activities, the OEM parts of the business are where the order is normalizing. On the end user side of the business, we're not seeing that really at all and end demand still remains strong. Regarding to your first question -- regarding the -- how we progressed throughout the month, we had solid orders in Q2. As typical, orders ramp higher each month of the quarter. So June was the highest month of the quarter. And notably, when we adjust for acquisitions because when you close an acquisition, you book the entire backlog as order input. So we take that out. And if we look to the last couple of years, cumulus like the highest booking or the second highest booking month the last couple of years. So June was really strong. So -- and in terms of July, it's just to close last night and we haven't really dug into it at a deep level but it's certainly up to that point was in line with the growth that we're telling we're communicating here where we're increase our guidance for the second half of the very substantially.
Dave Zapico: Yes, there's going to be just a small amount of giveback. We're going to retain the vast majority. We're going to retain the vast majority of pricing. And on a go-forward basis, I expect that inflation to moderate a bit but we're going to keep the 100 basis point spread. So we feel real good about the analysis and the control and what's playing out with price. So we'll retain the price and is certainly not going to be a big giveback.
Dave Zapico: Yes. As I mentioned in the last couple of calls, I do expect our sales to outpace orders in the second half of the year. But it will be a moderate impact and we'll end the year with historically high backlog in comparison to what we've done in the past. So it will be a modest impact as we progress through the second half of the year.
Dave Zapico: Yes. Margin performance has been great. And in fact, in -- the second quarter, we had really healthy core incrementals of 52%. So you're correct on your outlook for the year and it probably is a bit higher because of our performance has been outstanding. And if you look at reported Anchor, we're both up 130 basis points at the company level, healthy incrementals and -- we think for the full year, the incrementals will be similar in both groups and 40% is a good number.
Dave Zapico: I mentioned that some of our automation customers are in the med tech and life sciences world and we are seeing the impact of inventory destock and that's included in our overall guidance. But in terms of our overall medical business, not including that piece of the automation business. Q2, we were up mid-teens. So really strong and strong growth in our engineered medical components business and a very significant performance for AMETEK in the second quarter and for the full year.
