David A. Zapico: Sure, Matt. Yeah, EIG add 2% organic growth in Q2, but that was really a situation of large job shipping or shifting to the right. The reason that I'm not worried about it because the organic growth of EIG was 8%. So, we're very bullish on the second half of the year of EIG and it really was just a one quarter issue and it really wasn't that bad. And again, with the 8% orders growth organically, it looks good for the second half.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The first point is, there's always jobs that move in and out. So, there wasn't one specific job. The orders for the quarter were generally increasing. They started April where we thought they would, and they increased and they were very strong in June. So, typical quarterly pattern, but it ended in a very strong June.
David A. Zapico: Sure, Brett. Our price across the company was a little over 1 point in Q3, so that's a little over 1 point positive price. And total inflation across the company was about 1 point. So, we were a slight benefit to the P&L. And when we look out for the second half of the year, we expect similar environment. Inflation may pick up a bit, but we think we can get some more pricing also. So, because where we're at with our products, very differentiated in most of our businesses, we really don't see inflation moving through the channel yet. And I expect to maintain positive price/cost ratio throughout the year.
David A. Zapico: Right. That's a great question. Our EMIP business, as we went into the year, we called that flat and we mentioned in Q1 that sales were flat, but orders were slightly ahead of sales. And we continue to see improved end-market conditions with orders up sharply, and organic sales up mid-single digits in the quarter. So, if you look at EIG – EMG, had organic orders of 17%, and the EMIP business, the metals business, exceeded that rate. So, really, you've got a situation where the EMIP orders bounced back sharply. In terms of oil and gas, it was a similar story. We entered the year – we were pleased with our first quarter performance of flat sales. Orders were a little bit ahead. Our current forecast now is for oil and gas to be up low-single digits. We now expect upstream to be up high-single digits, and the mid and downstream business to be flat. So, we feel pretty good about both metals, and oil and gas, they were the two end-markets that caused us some headwinds. So, those headwinds are no longer there and we're performing very well, and we're very optimistic for the second half of the year.
David A. Zapico: Sure. It's a great question. We saw roughly 1 point of FX headwind to sales in Q2, which was similar to what we saw in Q1. With the dollar weakening a bit recently, we expect there to be no real FX impact in Q3 and likely a bit of a tailwind in Q4, if it stays as it is. So, for the full year, we expect a modest FX headwind turning around in Q4. And as we talked about the last year, when the dollar was strengthening – we're a big exporter from the U.S. We export about $1 billion. And with the currency weakening, with the dollar weakening, it's certainly going to improve our competitiveness. So, we're encouraged with that.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. What I can tell you is that, as the – we already talked about the core operating income margins being up 30 bps, 22.7%. And if we look at the EIG and the EMG segments, the group level, the operating income on a core basis was up 50 bps and – for EIG, and it was up 60 bps for EMG. So, we had really good performance and we had some below-the-line G&A stuff and that included covering the one-time costs and the acquisition costs that we don't typically carve out. So, the underlying business is strong and what you saw was the reported operating margins of 21.8%, that included all that acquisition-related work.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Yeah, if you look at our G&A costs, we were up about $5 million over last year and about half of that was from the incentive comp that we talked about in past calls. We really had low incentive payouts in 2016 and now we're obviously performing much better. So, about half of that was the incentive comp and about half of it was related to the retirement of our Executive Chairman.
David A. Zapico: And going around the business, I'll start with aerospace. Our overall aerospace sales were up low-single digits in the quarter. We saw a solid growth across each of our segments, including continued strong growth in our commercial OEM business. And we saw higher military sales in the quarter. We saw excellent order growth in the quarter driven by a number of large military projects that booked. They were, if you recall, talking about them in 2016, they were sliding to the right. Well, they actually booked in the first half of this year. As well as continuing solid commercial orders. So, for all of 2016, we continue to expect our aerospace business to be up low- to mid-single digits with growth expected to be across all of our each of our market segments. Our process businesses had a solid second quarter with overall sales up mid-teens and organic sales up low-single digits. Orders were also strong in the quarter with broad-based strength. Sales for our oil and gas businesses were up low-single digits in the quarter, continuing their positive sequential trends. We now expect low-single-digit growth for oil and gas for all of 2017. As a result of the solid orders, we now expect organic sales for the process businesses to be up low- to mid-single digits for the full year. Organic sales for our power and industrial businesses were up low-single digits in the quarter with similar levels of growth across both our power and industrial businesses. Given the strong order growth in the first half and improved heavy truck demand, we now expect organic sales for power and industrial to be up low- to mid-single digits for the full year. Organic sales for our differentiated EMG businesses were up mid-single digits in the quarter with solid growth across all of our businesses. Our EMIP business continued to see improved end-market conditions. I mentioned previously, orders were up sharply and organic sales up mid-single digits in the quarter. And for all of 2017, we now expect organic sales for all of differentiated EMG to be up low- to mid-single digits versus 2016. And finally, organic sales in our Floorcare & Specialty Motors business were up high-single digits in the second quarter as this business continues to perform very well. For 2017, we continue to expect sales for this business to be up low- to mid-single digits organically.
David A. Zapico: Right, I'll connect those dots. The first point is Q4 will be a bit stronger than Q3, the way the backlog is playing out, and the orders were very strong, as your point, with broad-based improvement across all of our end markets. Many of our orders have multi-quarter or multi-year patterns as customers return to their normal ordering pattern. So, as an example of our EMIP business that we talked about, customers place blanket orders that typically ship over the course of the year. So, we're executing very well. We have a high degree of confidence in our outlook. We do feel good about how the year is playing out, but it's just the fact that the orders that are being placed are more in our mid- and long-cycle businesses, like our military business, like our metals, our EMIP business and those are more multi-quarter, multi-year ordering patterns.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, MOCON will be neutral to EPS in 2017. It's about a $70 million revenue deal. It's an outstanding company. MOCON has a very niche hedge position in gas analysis instrumentation. It's a leading brand, very strong technology intellectual property position, strong growth profile. It's been a mid-single-digit grower in a non-cyclical market. Solid aftermarket mix. So, it checks a lot of our boxes and we're very pleased with the acquisition. But again, it will be neutral to EPS in 2017.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, the U.S. was up 1%, so it continued improving sequential trend. You recall, the Q3 2016, it was a negative double digits, and in Q4, it went to negative 2%. Q1, it was flat; and Q2 was plus 1%. So continue that sequential improvement in orders and sales. But the one thing that we're encouraged with, orders were very strong, in line with the overall company orders. So, we saw a significant change in orders in the U.S. Europe was up 6%, in line with recent trends, and it was broad based. Notable strength in our process businesses. Our Dunkermotoren business continued to perform very strong. The Middle East was very strong for us, and it resulted in a lot of strength in Europe, Asia performed very well, up 10%, driven by strength in our analytical instruments business. China was up 11%, so that's two quarters in a row where China has been very strong. Japan up 9%. India was up 40%. It's a smaller part of AMETEK, but very strong orders growth. So, really when you look across the globe, Bhupender, all regions were – all major regions were improving, and orders were ahead of sales. So, we feel good about that.
David A. Zapico: Yes, we have some mix issues that we talked about earlier in the year. But the EIG core margins up 50 bps and EMG core margins up 60 bps, we feel pretty good about the second half of the year. So, overall, for the business, we had incrementals of 30% in Q2, so about the same as Q1. And we said that we'd be up in incrementals from 20 bps to 60 bps for the year. So, we feel we're performing very well. We're getting the pull through on the incremental volume, and I would expect it to continue at the same level it is.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, we feel really good about it. What we're seeing – we make manufactured capital equipment. So, there was some excess capacity in the market that needed to be utilized. But we're seeing increased activity. We're seeing it in the upstream market, as I said before, up high-single digits. We're seeing strong aftermarket MRO business across the globe. The mid and downstream market, we're calling that maybe down this year to flat. We're feeling more confident because we booked some significant project business in the Middle East. We had some businesses that were not penetrated in the Middle East. We made some investments and we booked some substantial project business. So, that project business kind of takes the risk off the table, from my viewpoint, for midstream and downstream for the balance of the year. So, we feel pretty good about it. We didn't get ahead ourself and we're still accelerating.
David A. Zapico: Right, right. I think Bill might have mentioned before that when you take the cash and the existing credit facilities, there's about $1.5 billion of firepower there. But more importantly is the operating cash flow of the business. We're going to generate about $800 million of operating cash flow. It's a CapEx light or an asset light business model. So, we'll spend about 1.8% or 1.9% of sales, about $80 million, on CapEx. So, that leaves $720 million of free cash flow to deploy on acquisitions. And we've already deployed about $520 million on MOCON and Rauland. So, really not constrained with our current strategy with our balance sheet – a lot of optionality and a lot of firepower. You talked about the M&A pipeline. Our pipeline remains active. We're very excited about the quality and breadth of our deal pipeline. As we said before, we have a dedicated team of about 10 M&A professionals who work closely with our businesses to identify strategic acquisitions. We're in a lot of niche markets and this allows for a broad set of opportunities from which we can identify the best fit. So, it allows us to remain disciplined in our return metrics and we select the deals that we add the most synergy to. So, we have excellent capability in the deal sourcing and the whole M&A team from deal sourcing, deal modeling, diligence, integration, and very bullish on M&A and very bullish on the future for AMETEK.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. We haven't talked about 2018 yet. But certainly, we've already booked some orders for 2018, those large projects in the Middle East that I talked about two quarters in a row. And we think the price of oil in that $45 to $50 range is fine. It allows us to – we have very differentiated products. We have a captive aftermarket. That aftermarket's about one-third of the business. The business is geographically dispersed, about one-third in the U.S., two-thirds international. And during the downturn, we continued to invest in our market position. So, we feel really good about it. We're not expecting it to turn into the gung ho times of the past. At that time, it was about $400 million in revenue for AMETEK, and now it's about $240 million in sales entering 2017. So, it's about 6% of the company; 20% upstream, 80% mid, downstream. So, 20% upstream, 80% in mid, downstream. And at the current price of oil, we're seeing increased activities. So, customers are talking to us about orders. They have capital spend. The authority to spend is back in the business units, instead of the C-suite. And we had some modest expectations coming into the year, and we feel solid that we're going to achieve them or beat them.
David A. Zapico: Right, we do have tremendous free cash flow generation. And if we reported EBITDA, it would add 4 points or so to our earnings. But we haven't made a decision and we're not looking at changing right now. So, at this point, we figure you're smart enough to figure that out. And we have a GAAP quarter, GAAP 2018 – GAAP 2017 and versus GAAP in 2016. But we have noted that we are getting increased questions, but we really haven't looked at it in detail and we haven't made a decision to move to that, by any means.
David A. Zapico: No, no, not really. When you look at the second half of the year, the simple economics are we raised our organic sales growth from low-single digits to low to mid-single digits. So, that's roughly on $60 million increase. And if we get a 30% pull through, that gives you about $18 million, and that's about $0.05 or $0.06. So, that's the economics of it, very simply. So...
David A. Zapico: Right. Yeah. And we do expect the organic growth for the second half of the year to be a lot like the first half with Q4 a bit stronger than Q3.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, we haven't done any planning for 2018 yet. And we're still focused on 2017. And for 2017, we have solid visibility for the remainder of the year. China looks like it's going to be strong for us.
David A. Zapico: No. It doesn't. I mean, we're now placed on the value chain in the aerospace industry, where, from my view, it's the place to be. We're not at the system integrator level, selling to Boeing. We're down on the differentiated components. And typically, when we do some type of electronics, it's typically around our unique sensing technology, to put together a subsystem for a person that's a system integrator. So, the types of works that we have is driven by our sensor technology, which is proprietary, and also the projects that we get involved, I don't think that we have any effect with Boeing creating the avionics business unit. That may have a bigger effect upstream from us, at the system integrator level, but it won't affect our business.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, the one offset will be the continuing compensation in the quarters that we've dealt with the first half of the year. But we're executing very well and we have a high degree of confidence in our outlook. And as you said, we did raise our guidance for $0.05 at the midpoint, and it was more than our beat for the quarter. So, there may be a bit of conservatism, but we feel very good about how the year's playing out.
David A. Zapico: No, EMG's incrementals are a little bit lower than EIG's. So, there isn't anything that's notable there.
David A. Zapico: Right in the aerospace for our third-party MRO business, we expect solid low- to mid-single-digit growth for the year. Those businesses are very steady businesses. They're doing very well. And we've some niches that are less (47:23) right now. So, feel really good about that. And the balance of AMETEK, non-aerospace, we have largely proprietary aftermarkets tied to our spare parts and services of our equipment. So, that's a captive and it's growing very well.
William J. Burke: I think it was a couple of points of EMIP, which was related to metals inflation, if you will, and then the balance was underlying growth in the business.
William J. Burke: Yeah. I think we're pleased with where we were at 17.9%. I think we've been as low in the past as in the mid- to low-17s. I think that'd be a good place for us to get to again and we're certainly working towards that. I think the area for greatest opportunity, and we did see improvement in that this quarter, is around inventories. But we continue to push on all facets, both receivables as well as payables in addition to inventory. But I think when you look at our company, inventories are the greatest area of opportunity, if you will.
William J. Burke: Plan is performing very well. We're about 110% funded domestically. Internationally, in the UK, we're a little bit underfunded, we're around about 90%. So, from that perspective, our plans are fully, on an overall basis, very, very well funded. Returns of the plan have been very good, this year's year-to-date, as you'd expect, given the state of markets around the world. So, we're very comfortable with our fundings around our pension plans and, at this point, wouldn't expect any further fundings other than the small numbers that need to go in on a regular basis into the UK plans, but nothing of significance.
