Dave Zapico: Right, right. Well the way we think about it is we have a lot of runway for margins. And we think we can increase our margins, ex-acquisitions about 30 basis points. So the same thing we did in the 2017. So 30 bps is probably a good way to think about it. And if you look at our 2017 results, we got about – on the incremental sales we are up about 35% incremental margin and that’s what we’re targeting for 2018 also.
Dave Zapico: Yeah, it’s a – I think our orders were accelerating before Tax Reform and its continuing. So, we can’t point to specific customers telling us that are ordering because of the Tax Reform, but we can’t point to broad-based order strength across our portfolio that’s continuing and it’s continuing into January. We’ve got – January orders were in line with what we expected. So it’s strong. It’s continuing its strength. It's all geographies and it’s all of our businesses. So it’s difficult to pinpoint how much is from Tax Reform and how much of it’s just the general synchronized growth across the globe, but it is the good market. The one point I add to that is a lot of customers are now talking about their next generations and new designs and some new projects that are floating into the pipeline. So it feels good looking forward.
Dave Zapico: Right. Yeah, the one thing about our acquisition strategy is that we haven’t changed our key hurdle rate. So it’s the return on capital of 10% in a third year of owning a business for the return on invested capital. And we use that throughout the – in times when interest rates are lower and times when interest rates were higher. So the current environment is very similar to what we have been experiencing. So that – and we plan on applying the same process. So we think that’s reflected on our balance sheet. Our balance sheet as a return on total capital of a NOPAT average, total capital of about 12%, which is a really good rate for an acquisitive company and we consider our cost of capital of about 8%. So the strength between the 12% and the 8% is what we’re providing to our shareholders in the long-term. And we don’t think that we’re still going to stay focused on our disciplined approach and the 10% ROIC in year three. And we’re seeing a similar environment to what have seen over the two years. The pricing is elevated. There is plenty of cash chasing deals, but despite this we have been successful in deploying our free cash flow and value enhancing acquisitions.
Dave Zapico: No, the philosophy hasn’t changed. The primary use of free cash flow is acquisitions. Secondarily, it’s opportunistic buybacks. And the dividend, we continue to pay a modest dividend. And basically, we last raised our dividend about four years ago. It was in the neighborhood of 50% and this is four years later and we’re raising it to 57%. So it’s the same philosophy we want to reward our shareholders because we’re very confident on our underlying cash flows, but it really doesn’t changed the fundamental capital allocation strategy of the business. M&A is the clear priority.
Dave Zapico: No, I would say no. I view this increase is catching up and I would not expect it to run ahead of earnings growth.
Dave Zapico: Yeah, it's a great question. We get the question occasionally. We decided not to do it this year. We're still talking to our investors. I mean you just figure it out pretty easily. And we think our investors can figure it out. So we use the GAAP earnings to talk about our EPS. Some of our peers have changed the cash EPS. We're not saying that we're not going to do it and we're not saying that we’re going to do. We’ll think about it then we give everybody some heads-up if we’re going to do that, but right now we decided to stay a GAAP company.
Dave Zapico: I’d point to Bill’s comment. He talked about $1.5 billion of dry power essentially from cash and existing flexibility on our credit lines. And I also add to that the free cash flow of the business will be somewhere around $850 million next year. So if we add those two up, we clearly can deploy greater than $1 billion with relative ease and our stated strategy is to deploy our free cash flow. So that would be our target, but if we wanted to we could flex it and go to much higher levels, north of $2 billion. So that’s the way we think about it and we look for good targets and we want to make sure we’re deploying the capital with good businesses and our business that return on capital. So our strategy really is not capital constrained. It's our deal pipeline, and looking at these different deals that we have, all good businesses. But we have to pick the deals but we have the most value too. And in the selection of those deals is really the limber on the growth and we have a great pipeline, but we’re picking the deals in an environment that has higher prices and still giving our shareholders the same return on capital. If we get a larger deal or we get many smaller deals, we have a financial capacity to do them and we’re certainly increasing efforts on the – in the M&A. We now have an 11 individuals dedicated to the pipeline work and we feel real good about our pipeline.
Dave Zapico: Yeah, I mean, we have expanded our pipeline to include larger deals. Now, larger deals for us are not of the size of AMETEK or half the size of AMETEK. We’re talking about of kind of one notch up from what we’re looking to do, deals that are maybe $200 million, $300 million of revenue. And those are in our pipeline and we’re working through it. So we could do deal of that size and maybe deployments of capital of a $1 billion and we’re looking at those kind of business. Our financial flexibility looks compatible. But we don’t need to do those kinds of deals to deliver double-digit earnings growth for our shareholders. We’re staffed to do six to eight deals a year and that can be $50 million, $100 million deals and we’re perfectly comfortable doing of that size deal and growing at 15% a year on average.
Dave Zapico: Yeah, I think we executed very well and we were able to convert a lot of incoming orders in the quarter to sales. And there was some business, additional business investment tied to year end spend that resulted especially in our process business, some year-end spend that we were able to convert on. And we ended the year at $1.4 billion backlog. So we kind of have our cake and we got to eat it to because we had a great Q4 and we have real good visibility to 2018.
Dave Zapico: Sure, yeah, on a price-to-sales ratio, it may look a bit rich but it's 11 times EBITDA and it's a very profitable business. It's more profitable than the AMETEK average. So we bought a business that's really well positioned. They're a manufacturer of highly engineered products that facilitate the transfer of fuels and gas us at very high temperatures and pressures and really demanding applications. An example application would be in-air tanking refueler. So if you think about an in-air tanking refueler connecting to a jet and refueling it. FMH builds the components. They don't build the whole system, but they build key components within the air refueling systems. So these are very differentiated components. It's a unique business that has unique capability. They're a leader in a niche, attractive growth profile. We're at the high-single digit grower. And even though it's a very profitable business, we have a very healthy level of cost synergy built into our model. So in terms of the go-forward growth rate, we have a division of AMETEK, our TMS division that really is in the same market and has already made sales force to sell the FMH products globally and that's something they really haven't done. So we're really excited about what FHM does for AMETEK. It's an excellent strategic fit and we think it's a great business and we're going to get the same kind of returns on capital that we do with all our deals.
Dave Zapico: You know, our pipeline has been pretty full through 2017 and it's continuing in 2018. So it's not like we came in the door on January 1 and the target started coming in the door. These are very few things surprise us when they're sold because of our business development pipeline and our information's so good. And I would characterize it as a strong market, as strong as it was last year for us, but we really haven't seen a spike because of tax reform.
Dave Zapico: Good question, Matt. Thanks. Yeah, we basically have – we've consolidated our floor care and specialty motors business into our precision motion control business given the strong operational and technology synergies that exist between those businesses. As we talked about the business over the last couple of years, we talked about our floor care business, migrating their business and customer portfolio away from the legacy floor care motors market into higher end markets and applications. And this transition has been incredibly successful. Now only about $50 million of our sales are in the floor care market. So it's a really, really small part of AMETEK. And those customer bases have changed to specialized industrial, food and beverage, which require higher levels of engineering support, technology development and provide stronger growth and margin characteristics. So we put those businesses together. We combined the management teams earlier in 2017 and then – we just really – there's some final stages, some strategic cost reductions that we're going – through this realignment cost that we're going to address. And we've actually now – if you think about what was the old differentiated EMG, one of the markets in the company, and floor care, we've actually combined floor care and now we're going to call that automation and engineered solutions. So that's the fourth segment, and it's really a result of this consolidation. So it's the old PMC plus EMIP, and that's reflects the automation demand driver for the PMC business and it includes the engineered solutions business.
Dave Zapico: Okay. Yeah, it's very similar with both EIG and EMG. We have 3% to 5% organic for both of them and total sales for both of them are high-single digits. So there's not much difference in the sales growth between the different groups. And it reflects the broad-based improvements that I talked to earlier. In terms of aerospace, our overall aerospace sales, we have a solid 2018. We were up mid-single digits in the fourth quarter, very solid year across all of our segments. They all grew in 2017. And we think that looking ahead in 2018, we're going to expect organic sales for overall aerospace business to be up mid-single digits with similar growth expected across each of our market segments. And the one change that we saw – really 2 changes that we saw in 2017, the military market really improved and we expect that continuing mid-single-digit growth for that. And we also saw some improvement in the business in regional jet market and we're expecting that to continue. So we really got a solid commercial environment. We want some share on business jets that’s allowing us to grow there and the military is strong. So we’re pretty optimistic about aerospace in 2018 and we think it will be a mid-single-digit grower for the total business.
Dave Zapico: Yes. We don’t deal a lot through distributors. So a lot of our products are sold direct. So there isn’t usually a distribution inventory issue. I mean what I can say is our inventory terms were excellent. They were up, I guess, about 4.9, 4.8 turns in the quarter and last year Q4 2016 they’re about 4.4 turns. So a lot of the benefits that we got from working capital for improved inventory turn. So we're executing very well. The inventory is turning quicker. The working capital was, as Bill mentioned, less than 17% about 16.8%. So we’re operating very well. Inventory is turning. And in the niche custom business that we have, that’s a really good rate.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I hit that a little bit. I mean we saw good capital projects in 2017. We saw them in – a little bit in the Middle East in terms of oil and gas. It helped our mid downstream business. We saw the defense market turn on projects had been shutdown for a while. And as we enter 2018, it seems like new projects are surfacing in our pipelines. It feels like some of our customers that we deal with on an OEM basis are designing new products. So it feels like its definitely solid and it feels like it could be accelerating, but we’re not factoring that into our guidance. We’re expecting the continuing growth, but there's a lot of activity in these sales pipelines.
Dave Zapico: I don’t think we’re seeing any market slowdown or we’re not assuming any slowdown. And I think you might have answered your own question because we do have tougher comps later in the year. So the organic growth guidance of 4% at the midpoint assumes we have some – a little bit of easier comp in Q1. But as we progress through 2018, the comps are going to get difficult, but the markets are not slowing down.
Dave Zapico: The best way I can explain it is that I'm confident because we have such a refined M&A process. We have a dedicated team of M&A professionals. It allows for a broad set of opportunities from which we can identify the best fits. So I feel really confident that we'll be able to deliver that over the long run. But you know as well as I do on M&A, predicting a particular deal or 2 deals or 3 deals in a quarter or a year is pretty difficult because things can happen and we're very particular and we do a lot of due diligence, but I feel extremely confident because of our capability, our processes around deal sourcing and deal modeling, diligence and integration. So, incredibly confident on long-term to get that kind of number, but it's very difficult in the short term just by the nature of the M&A world.
Dave Zapico: Right, I'll go through each of the markets and I'll start with our process business. Our process business had an excellent fourth quarter. Overall sales were up more than 25% driven by contributions from both acquisitions and organic growth. Rauland and MOCON are both performing exceptionally well and they're delivering solid performance while they’re successfully and positively integrating into AMETEK. And organic growth in the fourth quarter for Process was excellent. It was 10%. It was particularly robust with our high-end research instrumentation including business like CAMECA, Zygo and AMETEK, had very good, very good course especially in Asia. We also benefited in the quarter from some solid year-end spending across the board in process. And in 2018, we expect continued broad-based sales growth with organic sales up mid-single digits. Aerospace side, I answered Rick's question. I'll get with that one. Overall, mid-single digits in the fourth quarter. All of our segments were good. Military and business jets were particularly strong. And looking ahead to 2018, we expect organic sales for our overall aerospace business to be up mid-single digits with similar growth expected across each market segment. Our Power & Industrial segment finished the year strong with mid-single-digit growth, organic growth in the fourth quarter. We saw growth in both our Power & Industrial businesses with notable strength in our power instruments business. And in 2018, we expect low to mid-single-digit organic growth for our Power & Industrial businesses. And finally, as I mentioned previously, our fourth market, our automation and engineered solutions. Our automation and engineered solutions businesses completed an outstanding year, impressive double-digit organic growth sales in the quarter. We continue to see excellent growth across our businesses serving automation markets as well as our EMIP businesses. So looking ahead to 2018, we expect mid-single-digit organic growth from that market.
Bill Burke: I think as we – we obviously, there's still a lot of work that needs to be done as guidance gets issued and the like. I think we -- certainly, this will simplify things and we'll have to look at our structures. I don't think that would say that there's huge cost benefits that are going to come from that. I think it's going to be more about continuing to look at tax planning strategies and see if we can take the rate down from that 23% level that we have baked into the forecast. But that's going to be something that we’re going to really play out over the next year or more as we get the full understanding of it and be able to try and plan and act accordingly.
Bill Burke: Right, I think the pricing for us improved a bit in the fourth quarter compared to the first half of the year. I will start with the Q4. And in Q4, we achieved price of about 1.5 points across our entire portfolio. And total inflation was up a bit more. It was about a little – a bit more than 1%. So we had a positive spread there. And it was very balanced across our portfolio with similar results and no real outliers. And when we look to 2018, we expect the conditions similar to Q4 to continue playing out. We have in our 2018 model for our budget about 1.5 points of price and we think inflation will pick up to about 1.2%. So we got a positive spread there. As you know we have been able to offset increasing cost with price. We're leaders in niche markets that speak to the differentiated nature of our AMETEK product portfolio. The leadership position we have in our niche markets and we look at it as only fair that we can pass inflation on to our customer base.
Bill Burke: Yes. I mean because we have so many different businesses on our portfolio, we really don’t focus on gross margin as much as operating income margin and there’s a lot of mixed dynamics and there are different product dynamics and there is the restructuring. So with positive price to inflation, there is not an issue or a problem of gross margin. So…
Bill Burke: It does. If you think about that, almost all of our RD&E is in COGS. So that reflects the increased spending that we have. So that will be part of the gross margin and actually a little bit of divisional G&A shows up there too.
Bill Burke: So that’s – it’s difficult to compare our G&A with other companies because of what it reflects. It’s just been a historical way we’ve done it.
Bill Burke: Yes. If you think about the sourcing savings and material savings, which is the predominant driver of the cost last year, they’re about flat, its $65 million both years. So, still really, really good year in sourcing savings. What’s really happening is last year, we had some realignment expenses that benefited the year 2017 and the realignment that we talked about in the last quarter of 2017 is more long-term in nature. So we’ll get benefit from that, not so much benefit in 2018, but it will benefit in 2019 and 2020. So that’s the difference between those two numbers. The realignment charge is more long-term and the sourcing savings is about the same.
