Dave Zapico: Yes. Matt, we have largely mid and long-cycle businesses, so we don't have a short-cycle canary. And what used to be our canary was our cost-driven motors business in the floor-care market. But we've largely --that's not a part of the portfolio. So what we're looking at right now is really strength across our portfolio. So we don't see any canaries right now.
Dave Zapico: Right. Great question, Matt. In that first quarter, our pricing continued to more than offset inflation. Our pricing was a bit more than 5%, and inflation was about 4%. So we had a spread of a little more than 100 basis points. And for the full year, we expect the incremental pricing to moderate a bit. So we think we'll get 4% for the entire year. So -- and the results speak to the highly differentiated nature of the AMETEK product portfolio and our leadership position in the niche markets that we operate in. So we're pretty positive on pricing, and we're getting value, and we're adding value to our customers also. So we think it can continue for some time. While inflation may moderate a bit, we think it's going to be here for a while, and we think we can outpace inflation with price.
Dave Zapico: Yes, we're confident in our guide and for the balance of the year, but we are cautious given how early we are in the year and given the risks in a global macro environment. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, our book-to-bill was 1.13. That's pretty strong. And if you take out the bison acquisition, it was still 1.1. It was positive in both groups. Our backlog is over 50% of annual sales is well above normal historical levels. So I think we're pretty well positioned to perform this year. We have mentioned that there is an expectation that we're returning to more normalized ordering patterns. And now that the supply chain is improving and we're seeing some of that play out. And we also have some difficult comps. But when you look across our portfolio, we're feeling really good. We're mid and long cycle. And it feels like the biggest part of our business, EIG, is starting to accelerate. So we're feeling pretty good.
Dave Zapico: Right. That's a great question. And, we really like the bison deal. We deployed about $100 million on it. And it's an excellent fit with our automation business. We talked about expanding our capabilities there. But more broadly, we have a very, very wide and deep pipeline. And that pipeline is filled with attractive candidates. And it feels like the pricing has come in a bit. And it feels like we're in good position to continue our acquisition strategy and provide a differentiator in coming quarters and years with our strong balance sheet and with our capability there and with our strong pipeline. I'm fairly optimistic that with the pricing coming in and our strong -- we've done work for many years on developing the pipeline of deals, that we're going to have some success this year.
Dave Zapico: Right, right. Exactly Deane. Our aerospace and defense business had an excellent start to the year. Both overall and organic sales were up mid-20s in the first quarter. And we really saw growth across all A&D segments, but our defense and our commercial aftermarket segments were particularly strong. And given the strong start to the year and the positive end market tailwinds, we now expect our organic sales to increase and to be up 10% for the full year with similar growth across both our commercial and defense segments. Next, I'll go to Process. Overall sales for our Process businesses increased 10% in the quarter. Organic sales were up 10%. We had the acquisition of Navitor, largely being offset by foreign currency headwinds. And similar to last year, growth was broad-based in the quarter as end market demand remains solid across key process end markets, including research, medical, oil and gas. And looking ahead, we expect to continue strong organic sales growth for process, and we expect to be up mid-single digits for the year. And moving to the Power & Industrial segment. Strong results in the first quarter with overall sales up low teens. This growth was driven by low single-digit organic growth and contributions from our recent acquisition, RTDS. And we continue to expect mid-single-digit organic growth for our Power & Industrial businesses in 2023, with similar growth expected across both our Power & Industrial segments. And finally, our Automation & Engineered Solutions. Organic sales were flat in the first quarter and in line with our expectations given prior year comparisons and timing of customer shipments. For all of 2023, we continue to expect organic sales for our Automation & Engineered solutions business to be up mid-single digits with similar growth rates across both our Automation & Engineered Solutions business. That's a walk around the company, Deane.
Dave Zapico: Yes. The -- I'd just comment that there is a return to more normalized ordering patterns because lead times are back to normal. And the customers aren't ordering early now that the supply chain has improved, and we're seeing that dynamic play out. And it plays out more in our OEM-related businesses than our end market businesses. So a little more in EMG than EIG, but it's what we've been communicating for several quarters we were expecting. And overall, we're very pleased with the order of performance. We're very pleased with our record backlog. We -- our book-to-bill was up in both groups, and the normalization is really getting back to -- just getting back to normal lead times.
Dave Zapico: I think it will be -- it's -- we're going to be continuing to grow the business, which requires working capital, but I think you will see a release in the inventories as being a benefit to the overall free cash flow, which we'd expect would be in that 120% area for all of 2023.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think EIG is more of a long-cycle business. And as these supply issues resolve, we're able to convert on more. And I would expect our backlog to stay strong for the balance of the year. I'd expect it to be a little bit lower at the end of the year, but it's still in excess of typical. And in my view, EIG is just starting to fire on all cylinders. I mean it's just really across the board. And one of the things that's happening in EIG is along with strong growth, along with solid pricing, the profit performance from the recent acquisition has been excellent. And for RTDS and Navacar, the acquisitions we did last year, they're doing well. And you're seeing Abaco also have a very strong year-over-year quarter in margins. So it feels really good for EIG. And I don't think we've taken our foot off the gas.
Dave Zapico: No, it's similar. I mean we're in precision motion control. So we're moving things to automate them. And we're diverse end markets. We're in medical and factory automation and a bunch of end markets. But just the business that we acquired, Bison Gear & Engineering is a perfect example of what you're talking about. I mean they have about a year of backlog. And they're really capacity limited, and that's something that we can fix in relatively quick order. And it's a business with to provide us a lot of cost synergy, but at the same time, growth drivers of automation and freeing up capacity to go after reshoring and electrification requirements are really on our sweet spot. So -- while we largely have the capacity in our existing businesses, we can really improve Bison. So that's in line with what you're saying in these automation markets where there's secular growth drivers and good strong backlogs.
Dave Zapico: Yes. The overall M&A market in the first quarter was down quite a bit. So the overall market is not that good. And -- but what you have is a lot of buyers are cautious now, and it's because of financing capability. A lot of the private equity businesses are less active right now. But we're largely a self-funded acquisition strategy. And we have, as Bill said, over $2.6 billion of cash in existing credit facilities. And our pipeline of opportunities remain strong, and we're very active in exploring it. And we are really a meaningful level of financing to make some headway. So it's a good opportunity for us to use this aspect of our strategy to differentiate our performance in the future. And we're very excited with the companies that are -- we've recently acquired. We're also very excited about the companies that we're working with. And we're growing our presence in attractive growth areas, and we'll stick to delivering our traditional financial orders. They are important thresholds for us. And we want to provide a strong level of returns on the capital we deploy. So it's the same setup, but at the same time, I think we're in an incrementally better position because we're a strategic buyer that has a strong balance sheet, that has cash flow and has a viable pipeline of deals.
Dave Zapico: Right. As I said, our inflation was about 4%. We're seeing decreasing costs in some commodities, some logistic costs, but there's other inflationary costs and things like wages and travel. So there's net inflation for sure, and it's sticky, but we think it will moderate a bit this year from what we're seeing. So -- but we're well positioned to deal with that with our pricing in our portfolio of companies.
Dave Zapico: Yes. The first point was our positive book-to-bill in both groups and overall, it was also order driven, not just backlog driven. The second point is what really is changing is the supply chain is getting much better. So we're able to convert on more backlog. And in China, in particular, you mentioned it was up about 12% growth. So it was a good grower. And as they're recovering from there COVID lockdowns, our business is developing nicely there. So it's really both. We had good book-to-bill, we convert on the backlog and we're strong across all geographies.
Dave Zapico: Yes. We started to see a little bit the chip patterns last year. We started calling out last year, and we did see it. And it's mainly our OEM businesses. It's not so much in -- we're selling directly to end users because we have customized products, and they pretty much aren't going to over order a lot of expensive things like that. But on our OEM businesses, we have been seeing it for a while, and we did see it in the quarter.
Dave Zapico: I think there is a desire, but we need the technology and the business has to be successful and a niche, and we have to add value to it. And I think there are a few other businesses that we're looking at right now that would be very attractive to us. And Bison just fit all those characteristics. We can add substantial value. It was a fair price. It has capability that we don't have. And we can really improve the business to address -- go after more of the applications that they have been not able to go after. So it really fits in our toolkit and really adds value to our solution offerings. And there are other businesses like that we're looking at. And there are several businesses that we're looking at. And -- but we're going to be -- we're going to wait for the right opportunities, and I think those opportunities are showing up.
Dave Zapico: No, it's definitely not episodic. I mean, we had -- if you go back after we first bought it, we get the supply chain crisis in electronics, and we had to work through all of that. And we've also augmented the management team. And I think we're really in the right gear now with that business. The defense market is strong. We're in the right areas. So that business is going to accelerate and be a big contributor for us going forward.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think both groups have a very good chance to grow mid-single digits for the full year organically. EIG, a little bit stronger than EMG, but both groups have the potential to grow mid-single digits.
Dave Zapico: The aero-specific supply chain is improving as our entire supply chain is. And we grew mid-20% organic growth in the quarter. We have a good supply chain team there, a good management team running that business. So it feels like that business is accelerating. That was our strongest area, and we took out the year on that segment. So there are always challenges in different markets. And -- but in the Aerospace right now, I see us accelerating growth is what we're looking at.
Dave Zapico: More than the secular -- there are secular opportunities driving growth. A lot of it is our approach and our niche focus. We have very flexible businesses that are aggressive. They go after where the niche opportunities are. I'll give you a couple of examples. In the semiconductor market, our Semiconductor business, which is about 6% of our sales, it was actually up in the first quarter. And most semiconductor businesses are up in the first quarter. And the reason is that, well, we participate some in the memory area that was down. We also participate in semiconductor research, which is very strong now. In the EUV optics within semiconductors were just very strong. So at the same time, there is some weakness in the market. We're very agile and can adapt, and we've been doing that for years, and we're growing. So I think that the big thing, I think, when you look across our whole businesses is are there growth opportunities for sure. We're very agile. Our distributor model lets us get after them with management teams dedicated to businesses and markets. And I don't see that stopping.
Dave Zapico: Sure. The medical market is about 15% of our sales now. And in the quarter, it was up high teens with strong growth in our Rauland business and also our Engineered mechanical components business. And for the full year, we expect it to be up high single digits. So we expect to be growing in that medical space. And it's much like the discussion I just had with David about we're in the right niches because in Rauland, their primary product are really to improve the efficiency of nurses. And as long as I've been alive, you have nursing shortages in the United States and Rauland's nurse call systems make nurses more efficient. So coming out of the pandemic, we see a lot of spending on dealing with the shortages, and Rauland has great products and very successful in that area. And in our EMC business, we're dealing with a lot of single procedure, single-use-type devices that we're building components for and that business is accelerating. So both of those core businesses that make up the large part of our medical businesses are doing well, and we were up high teens in the quarter.
Dave Zapico: In relation to the semiconductor, I think there's a lot happening now for -- we're transitioning from one technology to -- new technology and smaller and smaller nodes. So I think that we're seeing the strength in semiconductor research spending, and it's one of the strongest areas of our business right now. Again, it's another area where we're in the right niche.
Dave Zapico: I think when you look at EMG the organic growth was up 4%. So they had a good, good quarter. You had some headwinds from currency. And so EIG grew faster for sure, but EMG was still really solid.
