Frank S. Hermance: Sure. I'd be glad to do that. First of all, the acquisition that we announced today, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, is not included in any of the estimates we provided. Obviously, that deal is not closed at this point, so we did not feel it appropriate to provide any estimates. We did say that it's going to close in the second quarter, but it could close right at the end of the second quarter. We are dependent on German approvals of the government there as well as the normal closing conditions. So when you actually look at the order and the sales guidance we've given you, it's roughly the same as the first quarter. It's not substantially different than the first quarter. We did have very good order intake in the first quarter. A lot of it was in our longer cycle businesses, which are going to tend to shift in the second half of the year. And there are also maybe a tad of conservatism in our estimates.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, sure. Europe is an interesting story for us. Overall, our organic growth in Europe was quite good. It was up actually about 7% in the first quarter. And we saw very, very strong performance in our Aerospace businesses. And also one of our companies in France, CAMECA, which makes a very high-end analytic type instrumentation, saw excellent, excellent sales. So those very positive impacts were the drivers for the 7% organic growth. There was some weakness that we saw in our other businesses, but nothing that I would consider sizable at this point in time.
Frank S. Hermance: No, you're right. You're absolutely right that I didn't say anything in my comments. But, yes, I indicated up 30 basis points in the talk at the end of the year. And we're now estimating, and I would say conservatively, 40 basis points, and hopefully we'll be able to continue to increase that guidance as we go through the year. Obviously, the capability right now and the flow-through in the company is just, just absolutely incredible. The contribution margin in the company in the first quarter was north of 40%, so very, very strong contribution margins. And you couple that with the Operational Excellence activities, where we expect to put about $60 million of cost improvements through the P&L this year, bodes well for margins.
Frank S. Hermance: Oh, for Europe. The overall amount of business that AMETEK has in Europe is about 26% of our total sales. So it's about the right proportion in terms of our market concentration. And that breaks down, roughly 1/3 is in Aerospace & Defense related activities. We have very strong concentration in the Process industries, including Oil & Gas, but not just Oil & Gas. We also have our Ultra Precision Technology (sic) [Technologies] business, which is a part of our European sales. And as I think I've mentioned in previous calls, we also roll up the Middle East into our Europe numbers, although that wasn't really the driver for the excellent core growth we had in the quarter. So it is a mix, but there is good concentration of Aerospace & Defense in our European content. And obviously, Aerospace, and even the Defense portion of Aerospace in Europe, did quite well.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, actually, I haven't done that calculation, but the deals that we have done recently, and actually, will also include Dunkermotoren, assuming we close it, are very strong margin businesses, so I don't expect a huge amount of dilution. But there will be some, especially as our growth from acquisitions is going to accelerate as the year goes on.
Frank S. Hermance: Sure, I'd be glad to do that. Why don't I start with Aerospace, which had a really, really good first quarter? We had low double-digit organic sales and order growth with really broad-based strength across all parts of that Aerospace business. We expect to see continued growth for our Aerospace business in 2012 as the trends and order rates, OEM build rates and revenue passenger miles really support strong commercial third-party MRO, and also business in regional jet sales. Actually, I was just reading in the Wall Street before I came in to this conference call that Boeing is expecting to increase their production by about 40% by the end of 2014, so a very substantial change there, which obviously is going to be a nice driver for our growth. Right now for all of 2012, we are expecting our commercial and third-party MRO businesses to be up high single digits. Our business and regional jet business should be up low double digits, and that's based more on wins than it is on the actual market for business and regional jets turning around. And then our military business, we're still saying flat, although we did have a fairly strong first quarter and there may be some conservatism in our forecast for the military side of the business. So if you sum up, we're expecting organic growth in the mid to high-single digits for all of 2012 for Aerospace. And obviously, this is one of our higher profit margin businesses. So I think it's going to be a driver to our performance for a quite an extended period of time. Process, our Process markets performed extremely well in the first quarter. Overall sales were up about 25%, and organic sales were up about 10%. Strong growth was evident across most of our businesses. Our Oil & Gas business continue to show sizable strength, while our Material Analysis, Ultra Precision Technology (sic) [Technologies] and also our Advanced Measurement Technology division were very strong. In addition, we had the benefits from the Reichert Technologies, TMC and O'Brien acquisitions. For 2012, we're expecting this business to grow mid-teens overall, with mid-single-digit organic growth. And in particular, we expect continued strong performance from our later cycle Oil & Gas businesses. And the last part of EIG, Scott, is Power and Industrial. Overall, Q1 sales were up low double-digits driven by mid-single-digit organic growth and the contribution from the EM Test acquisition that we did last year. For all of 2012, we're expecting sales for Power and Industrial to be up low double-digits overall with mid-single-digit organic growth, and that'll be actually balanced growth between the process and industrial parts of that business. So if you take those discussions and look at EIG overall, for 2012, we're expecting overall sales to be up about mid-teens on a percentage basis and organic growth of mid-single digits. Switching to the other half of the company, in EMG for our differentiated EMG businesses, sales were up low teens in Q1, while organic sales were solid. And they had growth in the mid-single digits organically. We saw strong growth from our third-party MRO businesses and also our military businesses, as I mentioned in the answer to Allison's question. And we also augmented that with the acquisitions of Avicenna Technology and Coining. We're expecting for the differentiated part of EMG for all of 2012 will be up approximately 10% overall with organic growth of mid-single digits. And the last part of our company, which is really the legacy businesses, our cost driven motor business, kind of a mixed story here. Orders were up 10% in the first quarter, but sales were actually down about mid-single digits. And for 2012, we're expecting sales to be roughly flat over 2011. And I think as you know, we don't manage this business for growth. We really manage it very heavily for profitability through our Operational Excellence activities. So if you sum these 2 parts of EMG, we're expecting overall sales for EMG to be up mid to high single digits and organic growth should be in that mid-single digit region. If we get the high-single-digit overall growth, we'll be at the high end of the mid-single digit organically, and vice versa. If it's a little bit weaker, then it will be on the other side. And I think the wildcard there is although we saw good order growth in cost driven motors, it'll be interesting to see how that translates as we go through the year. So if you sum the company up then, as I've said in my opening remarks for AMETEK as a whole, we're expecting low double-digit sales growth on a percentage basis, and organic growth in this mid-single-digit arena.
Frank S. Hermance: That's a great question, Chris. We've probably been looking at this company for 4 to 5 years. It was #1 on the acquisition agenda for our Precision Motion Control business. Our Precision Motion Control business has very strong content in the U.S. and very strong content in Asia but did not have strong content in Europe. And Dunkermotoren basically has a very similar type of approach to the market. They get extremely good margins, and they complement our business just like a glove. So we have remained in contact with this company, actually even through a change in ownership to the present owner. And we actually contacted the owner ourselves, and were able to strike a deal. And we've got a lot of hired people here. I think they signed this deal at about 3:00 or 4:00 this morning. So we're very pleased with it. It's a great business, great complement, as a matter of fact both of these acquisitions. O'Brien and Dunkermotoren are just ideal fits with AMETEK. We understand the businesses. We can improve them, we can leverage them. And I would say, both management teams are also extremely excited about being part of our company. We were their #1 choice in terms of who would acquire them. But yes, it was sort of a long process, but we always hang in there, and it turned out great.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, that's another question, Chris. Yes, we have. We actually -- over the course of the last couple of years, we've been somewhat quiet on that front. And we actually had a couple of deals that got fairly close to fruition and then didn't happen for one reason or another. But yes, there are some deals in our backlog. That business performed remarkably well in the first quarter. I think you know as we started to roll up these companies, typically these companies have 10% kind of pretax margins because they can't leverage the PMA and DDR capability the way we're able to. And I can tell you that, that total third-party MRO business right now has got to operating margins that are just under 20%, so very sizable improvement. And as well, they were one of our higher growth parts of Aerospace. So we would like to do more transactions here. We've got some backlog, and hopefully you'll be hearing from us in this area.
Frank S. Hermance: It's about that same size, so it's -- and this is going to be a sizable increase in that business. So, Bill, look it up and see how close I am in my estimates. Bill's going to look it up, but it's roughly that same size.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, I can, Jim. There's no question that I can feel some slowing in China, but when you look at slowing from a GDP of 9% to 7%, it's still obviously one of the stronger GDP growths in the world. So we saw very good performance in China. I mentioned the BRIC countries were up about 20% in sales and China was right in that region, and I think it was around 19%. So we were fine. And it will be interesting to see how the year plays out, but largely for us, it's a share gain. So we are getting the growth from share. And it's not as much dictated specifically by the GDPs of that country. India, I did see an article in the Wall Street Journal this morning talking about a potential downgrade from S&P for India, which actually surprised me a bit, but we saw a very good performance in India in the first quarter. It was also right in that same region of about 20% growth. And again, it is largely a share gain for us in India. In Brazil, Brazil was actually a bit weaker for us in the first quarter, but the order growth was really, really super there. And some of that is due to the fact that we have some floorcare motor business down there, and it has not been a favorable climate season for that particular floorcare. I say floorcare, but it's actually in lawn and garden and those types of applications. So that's what drove that. Actually, I was just talk to the group president for our Process businesses, and he said, looking at his businesses down there -- he just spent 3 or 4 days down there -- they're growing very, very rapidly. So a little bit of a mixed bag there, but overall the order growth was good. So I suspect it will be fine for the rest of the year. So I think the best way I can characterize this for us is a little bit of weakening. We're not growing at the same rates that maybe we were last year, but still this is the organic growth engine for us.
Frank S. Hermance: Well, that's a great question. And we have agreed with the sellers that until we close, we're not going to give a specific number. But I can tell you that this is a typical AMETEK deal. I think you know we don't pay multiples that are double digits. And I think when we do release the final purchase price and the multiples, you'll see this is right in line with a typical AMETEK acquisition.
Frank S. Hermance: Oh, yes, absolutely. We see opportunities for synergy. There's going to be cross-selling opportunities where they have a capability that -- and not huge share in the U.S., so they can capitalize on that. Also in the other direction, our U.S.-based businesses can capitalize on their distribution capability. In Europe, we see cost synergies. They have a plant in Serbia, and we spent a lot of time looking at Serbia because it's a part of the world that we had very little exposure to. And that could end up being another low-cost platform for AMETEK. So that's another synergy that we see in this deal. So I think again this will be a normal AMETEK acquisition and that we'll have good synergies, ability to increase profitability. And as I said, that management team and the management team within AMETEK are really excited about this; 2 very strong management teams, and they can't wait to really have this thing closed and start to capitalize on each other's capability.
Frank S. Hermance: I would say that maybe the only difference is we probably won't see quite as much growth in China as we were originally hoping for. But offsetting that is our Aerospace businesses are stronger than we had anticipated. So it feels like we're going to end up in the same position, but maybe with a little bit of shift there. But to your opening comment, I don't think it's material. It's not significant.
Frank S. Hermance: We rolled it through already. So there might be a little bit more, but it's actually in the first quarter results. That's when the majority of our costs were done. And there's not going to be any huge restructuring charges, et cetera, as we go forward. As you know, we're very, very conscious about continually not hitting the P&L with these extraneous charges, so don't expect anything substantial from any of these deals as we go forward. And as I said, this is just going to be a typical deal for us.
Frank S. Hermance: I'll answer the first part, and John can answer the second part. The 17 -- actually what we did in the quarter was 17.2%, and we're fairly comfortable with that kind of number. What actually happens, and it was evident when we put our budget together this year, is that as we acquired companies and bring them into our fold, very few operate at this 17.2% or 17% type of number. So our objective is really to maintain that kind of level as we acquire these companies, which means we have to be continually improving the working capital of those acquired companies. But I don't see our mix of businesses getting down to the low teens. We have some businesses that get there, but not for all of AMETEK. If you recall, we have some businesses like our metals businesses and even our -- some of our other more capital-intensive businesses that do have a bit higher working capital. But we're very pleased at this 17% level. And, John, you might be able to answer to the cash question.
Frank S. Hermance: It's a great question. And we were -- at least, I was actually surprised at the strength in the first quarter. It was quite good. And it wasn't just on the sales side. Our order intake was very, very good. And it was particularly good in Europe. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're being a bit conservative as we go forward, but I have no indications that this business is going to become a major drain. I think the question is more how much upside are we going to get out of it and are the first quarter results something that we can repeat through the year. Actually, I was just talking to our group president about this exact thing. And our position is really, we're going to wait another quarter, and we'll see how well it does. And if the order intake is good in the second quarter -- it started out okay in April -- we may be raising our guidance here. But I don't think we're worried about some dramatic negative impact of military. And it is. I mean, to your point, Matt, there is -- we're on some really good platforms, particularly in Europe. And this is a platform type of business, and the dollars are still coming in. So it's going to be a wait and see.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, I'll just give them all to you so you have them. The Far East was 15% organically. As I already mentioned, Europe was 7% organically; The U.S. was about 4% organically.
Frank S. Hermance: I understand, but I think you've got to almost turn it around and that we had really strong growth in the other parts of the world. The U.S. came in pretty much as we had anticipated, and Europe, for the reasons we've already talked about, came in much stronger than we had, had anticipated. And Asia was a tad weaker. So I don't think it's like we feel there's some problem in the U.S. It's more sort of good news in the other parts of the world, in particular Europe. And I'm probably one of the few CEOs that's talking about good news in Europe.
Frank S. Hermance: No, I would say, we had said mid-single digits. So it's pretty much what we expected, pretty much what we expected. And there's nothing of concern or alarm in the U.S. Most of our markets are okay. So, yes, there's nothing that I can comment on to your point.
Frank S. Hermance: Just like our business in the U.S., this is a highly diversified business. No key end market, no key customer, very, very diverse. And winning this business based on being able to very rapidly customize motors for a particular application. And there's just no single concentration that you can point to that's going to be an issue for them.
Frank S. Hermance: We don't actually, in contrast to other businesses that I've been involved in, we don't focus at the gross margin line because the gross margins of our businesses have very wide diversity amongst them. We really focus on the contribution margin and the absolute margin to the bottom line. And just to augment what John said, the contribution margin in our Aerospace businesses is essentially the highest in the company. It's very, very good. So that's why the contribution margin, overall in the quarter, was up above 40%.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, actually it was even a bit higher than that. But it was really good. But you're absolutely right that when we talk about contribution margin, we exclude the acquisitions because obviously you're not going to get the flow-through to the same level on the acquisitions, so we just extract them. And that's where this 40% plus number comes from.
Frank S. Hermance: No, I mean, a part of our short cycle business that we are concerned about is always our cost driven motor business. But obviously, as I mentioned, that part of the business on the order intake was pretty good. This is really -- the fact that we had very, very strong performance last year on orders. And as we were coming sort of up from the depths of the recession, we were swinging back in sort of a V-shaped manner. And some of our order flows in those first couple of quarters last year were just very, very strong. So I'm not looking at anything in that number that is overly concerning to me.
John J. Molinelli: Well, I would take it to just a little bit ingredients [ph] to what you said, Frank. I would -- if you look at 2012, we anticipated a number of this 17.2%, but it's a mixture of our base businesses beating that with the acquisitions that we did last year coming in around 26%. And as we go through the year, that number gets better and better. And then you roll that number, Matt, into 2013, that 26% is going to become maybe close to 20%. And we'll pull cash out of those businesses while we run our base businesses in that 16.5% to 17% range. In the aggregate, we've got some of them that are much better than that. So that's the picture I would paint. But we'd be taking cash out of the acquisitions, getting them into that sweet spot of around 16.5%, 17%, 17.5% from an overall perspective.
John J. Molinelli: We are getting some price, Richard. We're probably pulling net of inflation of about a little less than 1% through, so that's contributed. But there's so many ingredients that go into that to try to break it down and beyond that. We've got that $10 million of cost savings Frank talked about. That's running ahead of our expectations. Gosh, the mix has been very good. No question about that. So there's probably half a dozen variables that are trending positive.
John J. Molinelli: No question, especially looking out with the Aerospace strength that we see, that has got a very positive contribution to the higher margins.
Richard C. Eastman: Okay. But we are seeing the upward buys in the margins from these later cycle, or longer cycle business acceleration.
Richard C. Eastman: That kind of margin expansion of the gross line is pretty sustainable as long as we're in this -- we stay in this longer cycle mix, [indiscernible] mix.
Richard C. Eastman: Okay. And then just one last question. Frank, when I look at the organic order number, order growth rate or flat growth in orders in the core business, is there anything in the mix of order flow that gives you a better feel or a good feel for your markets? For instance, long cycle, I think had you mentioned long cycle orders, business orders were up. Is there anything on the short cycle side that causes you concern or...
