Robert R. Mandos: Thank you, Frank. As Frank noted, we had a good first quarter, with very strong operating performance. I'll provide some further details. In the quarter, selling expenses were down slightly versus last year's first quarter. General and administrative expenses were 1.2% of sales in the quarter, down from last year's first quarter level of 1.3%. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.1%, down from last year's first quarter rate of 29.3% and in line with our expectations. The lower tax rate in the quarter was the result of an ongoing international tax planning activities. For 2015, we estimate our tax rate to be between 28% and 29%. As we have said before, actual quarterly tax rates can differ dramatically, either positively or negatively from this full-year rate. On the balance sheet, working capital, defined as receivables plus inventory less payables, was 18.2% of sales in the first quarter. Strong working capital management remains a key priority. Capital expenditures were $14 million for the quarter. The full-year 2015 capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $75 million. Depreciation and amortization was $35 million for the quarter. 2015 depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $145 million. In the first quarter, we made a $50 million contribution to our U.S. defined benefit pension plan to offset lower discount rates and a change in the mortality tables. Excluding this contribution, operating cash flow was $172 million in the quarter, up 7% over last year's first quarter. And free cash flow was $158 million or 111% of net income. For the full year, we expect free cash flow to be approximately 115% of net income. Total debt was $1.67 billion at March 31, down slightly from the 2014 year end. Offsetting this debt is cash and cash equivalents of $407 million, resulting in a net debt-to-capital ratio in March 31 of 27.9%. At March 31, we had approximately $1.2 billion of cash and existing credit facilities to fund our growth initiatives. Our highest priority for capital deployment remains acquisitions. In summary, we had a very good first quarter, and we are well positioned for 2015. Our ample financing capability and strong cash flows will continue to support our growth investments both organically and through acquisitions.
Robert R. Mandos: Yeah. Essentially, the entire $15.9 million is cash. There's a little bit of non-cash in there. But again, this was focused on reduction in force as well as the kinds of operating opportunities that we can get cost out of the business. So it's not in the context of asset breakdown. This is true cost potentially that we're going to see immediately, and that's why you see the payback showing up so quickly.
Robert R. Mandos: Yeah. Rick, you can't really peanut butter the revenue across quarters. It's a lumpy business and it met our expectation for the first quarter.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Well in terms of oil and gas, we had given you an estimate at the beginning of the year that we thought we were going to be impacted about $40 million in our overall sales as a result of the oil and gas downturn. And in fact, that estimate is holding. That's roughly what we're seeing from the oil and gas downturn. The effect is obviously significant on the upstream part of our business, but it's offset by really better performance or good performance in the midstream and downstream sector. Interesting, this morning that BP and Total introduced their earnings and their oil and gas businesses were down sizably but less than what estimates analysts had expected. And the reason was the same thing, that their midstream and downstream businesses were very strong. So I think we're paralleling the market, and it shows the diversification of AMETEK's portfolio where any single part of the portfolio, when it goes in decline, is not going to have that significant an impact on the overall business. So that's how I would characterize the Oil & Gas segment for us.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Actually, it's a great question on RD&E because in essence, you're right that we had given a little bit higher number. But it's actually the result of the translation because of the change in currency. So the actual amount of activity worldwide in the company in terms of people working in the RD&E environment has not been substantially impacted. And we have been very selective in our realignments, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, not to impact our long-term growth. So that question is a great one. If you look at the realignment that we did, we focused it on the operating side of the company. I mean our factories and those parts of the business that will be impacted by a bit of a slower growth environment than what we had originally intended. So we have done some employment reductions. We have done some belt tightening. We have done some and will be doing some additional facility consolidations, but again, very selective not to impact our overall growth.
Frank S. Hermance: Virtually, none in the first quarter and fairly evenly split through the year. A little bit lighter in the second quarter but definitely gaining full steam in the third and the fourth quarters of this year.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I wouldn't say accelerate through the quarter. When you look at the European economy in particular, with the dramatic change in the euro, obviously, anything that you are exporting into that environment is going to be less competitive with respect to local suppliers than it was. We're very fortunate in that our portfolio is extremely differentiated and we have not had to make significant concessions. But there's no question that the competitive issue does have an impact. It's just impossible to quantify. And I noticed that many other companies are not even talking about it, but I would clearly say it's having an impact on us but it's not that significant.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Actually, when you look at the linearity, it actually improved during the quarter. Looking at order input, order input did go up as we went through the quarter. So we feel relatively good about that. But still, when you consider the global macros, that's why we decided to take a very conservative view on organic growth for the year and why we decided to do the realignment that I've talked about.
Frank S. Hermance: No. I would say there's not amazing change. It's just that when you look outside the United States, you look in Europe, obviously, that economy remains weak. Asia is still good but it's not as good as it has been. And that's being offset by a stronger U.S. economy. Our organic growth was actually up nicely in the United States, so the issues we're seeing are largely offshore and largely focused in really Asia and Europe.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. No, I don't feel the necessity to do any larger realignments. With that we've done, I've got significant confidence in the earnings and the guidance that we provided to you. So I feel we've taken a conservative view of the top line, and that has led to this restructuring and that something would have to radically change in the global environment in order for us to be required to do more. In terms of opportunity, absolutely. There is significant opportunity that we see, given the global environment, so you might just as well take advantage of it. We are looking at a number of acquisitions. Several of them have high European content, and you just take advantage of the global situations as they develop. And we're not going to change our strategy at all in terms of continuing a focus on the international environments. It's just that they're a bit weak right now, but that will change over time.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I mean if you look across our businesses and take a look at EIG, for instance, our Aerospace and Power and Industrial businesses performed very well in the quarter. But our Process businesses were the ones that weakened and what caused us to take a more conservative view on the organic growth. And obviously, the oil and gas impact that I talked about is in that Process segment. But in addition, when we look at the weakened U.S. economy – or excuse me – Europe economy and the weakened or slowing Asia economy, that has, across our businesses, the most significant effect on our Process businesses. So that was the key factor in why our organic growth in the EIG part of the business was a bit down from where we thought it was going to be at the end of the first quarter. So I think if you focus on the Process businesses, you focus on the global part of the Process businesses because a major part of those businesses in terms of percentage is higher than our other businesses outside the U.S. That is a predominant area in the company that took the impact.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. No, I see our strategy of continuing to do acquisitions, as Bob and I both mentioned, our opening remarks, is the prime use of our cash flow. And I'm quite optimistic about being able to do additional deals and deploy a significant amount of capital in this fiscal year. I can tell you we're actively working on deals as we speak. It's hard to predict when and if a deal is going to close, but I would be surprised if you didn't hear from us throughout the year.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I mean if you specifically take the question on oil and gas, again, as I mentioned, the oil and gas exposure for AMETEK is not that significant. And so when we look at our portfolio of deals, many of the deals we're looking at do not have oil and gas exposure. Having said that, I view it as an opportunity with companies that have oil and gas exposure. And that we're going to pay a multiple based on their earnings and the expectations that we see, and we're very good at actually putting cycles in our models. We don't assume wherever a business is that that's going to be exactly what's going to happen in the future. So in oil and gas, we value these, take into account their cyclicality. And some companies need to sell, so they're going to sell at a point that maybe isn't desirable for them, since the pricing could be a bit lower, but obviously is an opportunity for us. So I'm not shy about doing an acquisition in oil and gas. You just have be clear in terms of what the projected earnings of that company is going to be. But I would say, just to reiterate, looking at our portfolio of acquisitions and some of the ones we're working on now, one of them, there's no oil and gas exposure. The other one, there's a little bit. So that's maybe the best way that I can characterize your question.
Frank S. Hermance: Okay. Scott, yeah. I mean I think what I will say is that when we looked at all of the macro environment issues that are going on right now that most companies are reporting, most companies took down their guidance. And I look at this that when I give a guidance range, there is a commitment from us to make those estimates. And that's really embodied in the culture and the approach that AMETEK has taken for many, many years. So as we saw the growth prospects coming down by a few points, we just didn't wait around. We're going to take actions and we're going to realign. And I can sit here and with confidence tell that our earnings are going to occur within the range that I talked about and hopefully above that range. So I mean that's sort of the top line premise. We looked at our businesses in light of where we were seeing the change in organic growth from our initial estimates. And obviously, we've already talked about the Process businesses. So we took some actions there. We took some actions in EMG. But the way we looked at it is, where are the businesses that are looking at a lower growth than what they originally had talked about? So your comment about this is different, I guess from the viewpoint that we haven't done it since 2008 or 2009, it's probably correct. But if you look at the Zygo acquisition we did and are doing a lot of realignment there. And if you go back in history, we just have a very strong commitment to making the earnings numbers. And when we see an issue, we deal with it. And you just don't let the issue get behind you, in essence; you get in front of it. And that's what we did, and so I hope that helps with your question.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Sure. I'd be glad to do that. So if we start with EIG in Aerospace, EIG, Aerospace had a very good first quarter with organic sales up mid single digits, reflecting strong growth in our regional and business jet business and the continued solid growth in our commercial OEM business. Organic orders were also very strong in the quarter, up low double digits. And we're very pleased with the continued strong performance in EIG, Aerospace. This business is well-positioned to continue to drive strong growth, given key wins on a number of next-generation commercial aircraft, including the A350, the 787 and the C919 as well as a number of business and regional jet platforms including HondaJet, Global Express and Agusta. For all of 2015, we expect EIG, Aerospace sales to be up mid single digits, driven by the continued ramp-up of these key commercial OEM platforms and solid growth in business and regional jets. We've already talked a bit about our Process businesses. Organic sales in the Process businesses were down low single digits in the quarter. That was against a difficult prior-year comparison. In 2015, we expect organic sales to be up low single digits over 2014. And as I've mentioned, we've reduced our full-year growth estimates for the Process businesses as a result of the impacts of the stronger U.S. dollar and a slow global macro environment. Power and Industrial had a good first quarter. Organic sales were up mid single digits with solid growth across both our Power and Industrial businesses. And for 2015, we expect organic sales for Power and Industrial to be up low-single digits. So if you look at all of EIG then, we expect organic sales for the year to be up low single digits on a percentage basis. Scott, moving to the other part of AMETEK, EMG, our differentiated EMG businesses had a good first quarter. Organic sales were up low single digits, driven by solid growth in our Precision Motion Control and Engineered Materials, Interconnect and Packaging businesses. And for 2015, we expect our differentiated EMG businesses to be up low single digits organically. And last part of our company, our legacy businesses, Floorcare and Specialty Motors. Organic sales in our Floorcare and Specialty Motors businesses were flat in the first quarter. For all of 2015, we expect this business to be up low single digits organically. And I'd like to mention that the management team, in particular, in Floorcare and Specialty Motors, is really doing an excellent job in this business. So if you sum those two parts of EMG, Scott, for all of 2015 for EMG, we expect organic growth of low single digits on a percentage basis. And then lastly, if you take EIG and EMG, as I mentioned in my opening comments, for all of AMETEK, we expect low single-digit organic growth for the year conservatively, I would say.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. It's going to be roughly the same for each of the segments in the second quarter. I don't see a significant difference between the two segments.
Frank S. Hermance: And just to expand, Joe. I think if you look at all of AMETEK now, we're going to see really superb margin performance this year. We're going to be year-over-year, I would say, well above 100 basis points of operating income margin improvement. So Dave and his team have done just a phenomenal job on the performance of both of these businesses, both EIG and EMG. And the margin performance is truly superb.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Okay. It's a great question. If you look at the first quarter, there was a bit of an anomaly in our results in that when you look at last year, we had huge benefits from Abenomics in Japan. So therefore, the results in China, which were very good, were offset by the results in Japan, in essence. And we still consider the Far East and in particular, China, very good regions of the world in terms of investment. We are not changing our investment strategy at all. We're going to continue to put manufacturing capability and sales and service capability in that part of the world. The difference is that this – we were reporting overall for Asia growth numbers that were extremely high for the last couple years and now they're going to be more modest. You look at the GDP in China. It, at points, was running 10%, 11%. Now they're forecasting 7%. So you compare that 7% GDP with the U.S. and Europe, it's still the fastest-growing part of the world but it's not growing at the same rate. And that's the way that we are viewing that part of the world. It's still a great place to invest, but it's not growing at the rates that it was.
Frank S. Hermance: Orders were $944 million. They were overall down 5.5%. Organically, they were actually up low single digits. And the currency impact here was huge. It was 8%. And the reason is that you obviously have to readjust the backlog as the currencies have so dramatically changed. If you look at the total backlog, it's now $1.2 billion, essentially flat with where it was at the beginning of the year.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. You have to do 8% of $1.2 billion. No. No. The U.S. part of – it was not all of it. But why not, instead of us guessing here, why don't we get to that answer? It's 8% of the part of the backlog that obviously is international, and we don't have that right here at our fingertips.
Frank S. Hermance: You're always – that's a great question. And first of all, the return is as good as it is, predominantly because it is related to severance cost. And therefore, the return, as Bob said, is immediate and it's quick. And you get an excellent return on that. And in terms of your other question, basically, as you know, every year, we try to balance the cost reductions with other things that we are doing. We always have a large number. If you look historically over the last few years, we talked about $100 million of improvements. And again, as we saw the macro situation, we decided to get more aggressive. We always have a list of things that we can do, and we balance that based on the environment. And in this case, as we saw the slowing sales, as just about every industrial company is seeing, we recognized that we weren't going to be shipping as much from our operating facilities. So therefore, we took action. I mean it's pretty straightforward and pretty simple. If we were going to be shipping at a higher level, then we wouldn't have done it.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. No question, Rick. If you look at those businesses in the differentiated part of EMG, they also have global market exposure. And what we're seeing is as those economies are weaker, Europe, weak; Asia, not quite as strong as it was, there's an impact there as well. So, yes, we have indeed looked at our thoughts around that differentiated segment. And it's also lower by a couple of points.
Frank S. Hermance: In general, not, I would say, in terms of the pricing impact. We have made, in some of our – I would call it less differentiated products, we have made some minor adjustments in pricing. But in general, the differentiated part of our portfolio is definitely strong enough that we don't have to do substantial reductions in price. Now having said that, you look at Europe, the economy is not good. It's the weakest of the three general, major economies in the world. And it's impossible to distinguish between whether or not they're – what the impact of the competitiveness issue is from the fact that it's just a slowing economy. So we can't put a number on it. I don't think anybody can really put a number on it. So – but to say it's not there would be naïve. So we know there is some of that. I don't think it's substantial. And we're really talking about a couple points change here. It's not like we're talking about a 10% change.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah, it's good question. It was 1.5% price capture. And when we rolled up all inflation cost to our best ability – it's not a perfect roll-up. But if you take that roll-up and you look at price minus inflation, it's about 0.6%. So we continue to get good pricing and we continue to bring it to the bottom line at a rate higher than inflation. And that's a key thing that we look at and manage.
