John Molinelli: Thank you Frank. As Frank noted, we had a strong fourth quarter with excellent financial performance and a high quality of earnings. I will provide some further details.  Core growth in selling expenses in the quarter was in line with growth in core sales. General and Administrative expenses were 1.5% of sales below last year’s fourth quarter level of 1.9% of sales, driven primarily by lower consulting spend in this year’s fourth quarter.  The effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.7%, up from last year’s fourth quarter rate of 29.4%. The full-year tax rate was 30.9% versus last year’s rate of 30.1%, and in line with our expectations.  For 2012, we would expect our tax rate to be between 30 and 31%. As we have said before, actual quarterly tax rates can differ dramatically either positively or negatively from this full-year rate. On the balance sheet, working capital defined as receivables plus inventory less payables was 17% of sales in the fourth quarter, down from 18% in last year’s fourth quarter. This record low level of working capital positions AMETEK as one of the top performers in our peer group, and is a direct reflection of the tremendous drives our business units have taken, in driving towards operational excellence. Strong working capital management will remain a key priority. Capital spending was $18 million for the quarter, and $51 million for the full-year. Full-year 2011 capital expenditures were 1.7% of sales. 2012 capital expenditures are expected to be about $60 million.  Depreciation and amortization was $24 million for the quarter and $87 million for the full-year. 2012 depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $100 million. Operating cash flow for the fourth quarter and full-year were records. In the fourth quarter, operating cash flow was $153 million, up 19% over last year’s fourth quarter, and full-year operating cash flow of $509 million was up 20% over 2010. Free cash flow was $134 million for the fourth quarter, representing 132% of net income. For the full-year, free cash flow was $458 million approximately 119% of net income, continuing our strong free cash flow generation. Our strong cash flow was deployed to support our acquisition strategy where we expended nearly $475 million on transactions in 2011. In addition, we repurchased $59 million in stock in 2011.  Total debt was $1.26 billion at December 31, up $95 million from 2010 year-end. Offsetting this debt is cash and cash equivalence of $170 million, resulting in a net debt to capital ratio at December 31, of 34.8%, down from 36.2% at the end of 2010. At December 31, we had approximately $915 million of cash and existing credit facilities to fund our growth initiatives. Subsequent to the end of 2011 we acquired O'Brien Corporation for approximately $175 million. Our highest priority for capital deployment remains to acquisitions.  And in summary, we had an outstanding 2011 establishing records for essentially all the key financial metrics. We’re well positioned for further growth, organically and through acquisitions with a strong balance sheet and cash flow. That concludes our prepared remarks, we are now happy to take questions.
John Molinelli: No, I don't. I think - I think when you get the EPS you're getting into tax effect, some of these things. That's really not how we break down the - how we look at the businesses Mark.
John Molinelli: Yeah Elana, we are - well first of all we're overfunded on our prominent part of our pension numbers. We're looking at probably about a $0.03 headwind going into 2012 if you just look at the pension. But we’ve got a couple other accounts, the restricted stock invested in 2011, obviously that expense won't - is not part of our 2012 outlook. That's a couple cent to the good, so if you put a couple of those types of things together it's sort of a push, maybe a little bit, slight headwind, but it's just not significant at all. So we really don't see that as an overall distraction from running the business. 
Frank Hermance: Sure, Allison. We saw a little impact of Europe in the fourth quarter. It was predominately in our floor care motor business. If you look at the organic growth numbers for the company at 6% overall, the organic growth in Europe was about 3% and the organic growth in Asia was about 9%. And in the U.S., it was around 6%. So Europe was a little weaker but you know, not significantly. And probably, very importantly, our order intake so far in January has been nothing short of superb. And Europe looks fairly good so I’m not overly concerned at this point, but obviously, we are going to watch it very, very closely. And as you know, they’re very aggressive if revenue starts to show weakness in terms of removing costs and keeping our profitability up. So, so far, so good, but I would say some slight weakness in Europe. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, we believe that even though we’ve hit record levels on margins, that there’s definitely more runway. I have consistently said through the course of 2011 to model about 30 basis points as we go forward and as we’ve rolled up the budgets, we feel confident in another 30 basis points of improvement in 2012. And it really comes from two places; first, with the organic growth that we’ve talked about in 2012 of mid-single digits and with the contribution margins that we have, which are superb. In the fourth quarter, our contribution margin was greater than the 40% so you take that organic growth with that kind of contribution margin and obviously that’s going to be a positive impact on the overall margins in the company.  And secondly, as always, we will be aggressive on the cost reduction side. In 2012, we’re going to put approximately $60 million of cost improvements through the P&L. So you take those two dynamics and it does lead to improving margins.  Normally, what we do is give you some estimates at the beginning of the year and then the margins get better as we go through the year and I hope that will be the case this year. So the 30 basis points is probably a conservative amount. 
Frank Hermance: There’s a cents of accretion that’s in our estimates, but nothing substantial. There will be costs that will run through the P&L as we integrate that business. So the real effect on the bottom line will come more in 2013 than 2012. 
Frank Hermance: Sure, Robert. I would be glad to do that. Why don’t I start with our overall Aerospace business. That business completed a solid year with high single digit organic growth in the fourth quarter and it was on strengths in the third-party MRO business, the commercial businesses. We expect to really see strong growth for all of Aerospace in 2012 and that’s going to be based on the OEM build rates.  If you look at Boeing, they’re projecting to be up about 18% on build rates. Airbus is expected to be up about 9%. So overall, we’re looking at 13% build rate in the 2012 timeframe. And also, revenue passenger miles support strong growth.  And our business and regional jet business as well, is expected to do very well. But that’s mainly due to program wins on new aircraft, not as much by market as it is by the engineering efforts we’ve put in place.  So to give you some specifics on the various segments, in 2012 we expect our commercial and third-party MRO businesses will be high-single digits. Our business and regional jet business, we actually expect to be up low-double digits, so it’s going to be actually our strongest growth area. And our military business is expected to be up low-single digits.  So when you sum all of that up, we expect our overall Aerospace business should be up in that mid-to-high single digits region in 2012. And as I mentioned, our orders look really good in January and Aerospace is one of the drivers for that.  Talking about the process businesses and oil and gas, I’ll talk first about the process businesses overall and then I’ll come back to address your upstream, midstream, downstream question.  The process markets performed extremely well in Q4, both in the quarter and the full year, with strong growth across most of the business in process. In the quarter, our growth was driven by oil and gas, ultra-precision technology and our advanced measurement technology businesses. So it’s broader than oil and gas, although oil and gas was a key driver.  Sales were up high-single digits organically in the quarter and high-teens overall. And if you look to 2012, we expect this business to grow high teens overall with organic growth of mid-single digits.  And if you look at the later cycle oil and gas businesses, that is going to be a driver for this.  So if you look at the various segments of upstream versus midstream versus downstream. The growth is clearly being driven more by upstream than it is by midstream or downstream. However, the midstream business is still reasonably good and if you look at the downstream business, outside of the U.S. and about 70% of our process businesses are outside the U.S. it’s pretty good. This has been a driver to the company in 2011 and we expect it to do extremely well in 2012. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, I mean, the BRIC countries in general look very exciting to us. I know there’s been a lot of talk in the press about slowing growth rates in those countries. But our market shares are low and all those countries are doing well for us. Overall, for the BRIC countries in 2012, we’re looking at approximately 20% growth for the company. So they will be a key driver. Actually, it’s 22% is the actual way that our budget is rolled up. So they’re going to be a driver to our growth.  If you’ll look at our concentration, it’s heavily China. That market continues to do well for us. India, we’ve made some major investments over the course of the last three or four years. We saw excellent growth in 2011 and we expect that to continue in 2012. If you look at Brazil, we don’t have as much volume in Brazil, but we have decided to put significant investments in Brazil. We feel that, you know, we’ve been working in China for many, many years. We’ve done a lot in India, so our intention now is focused more in Brazil.  I may have mentioned in our last conference call, Jim, that we know have a 140,000 square foot facility in Brazil. We’ve won some major business with PetroBrass, which we’re going to produce in that facility. We’ve opened it up now to the other AMETEK divisions, that they can put production down there. We’ve got the infrastructure to support that and our businesses are looking at it as aggressively as they have in China, for instance. It’s very unfortunate to be able to manufacturer in Brazil because of the terror situations that are a factor in that business.  And in that plant, we’re also going to beef up our distribution capabilities. We’re going to have our divisions as we have in China and in India, put people down there in all of these BRIC countries. If my recollection is correct, we’re going to add just under 60 people that are predominately in the distribution network, a few in engineering in India just to continue that growth profile.  So we’re pretty encouraged with all of the BRIC countries and we think it’s going to be a key driver to our gross, so we’re going to continue those investments. Jim Lucas – Janney Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Frank Hermance: Now we can, Scott. Scott Graham – Jefferies & Company: Fine, I’m sorry, I had my mute on. Good morning, all three of you. 
Frank Hermance: Actually, I don’t have that information here, so I can’t split it. We don’t look at orders as fundamentally the key drivers, Scott, because Aerospace orders just come in in lumps and actually, I don’t have that data here. So we can get it for you. 
Frank Hermance: Not really. There was maybe a little weakness in our TMC business, which is the higher technology and motors that are more in the differentiated segment. But again, those orders came back very good in January. So I would just say it was sort of the even flow, not anything that would be any different than sort of a normal recovery because we’re coming back from sort of a recession. We’ve had huge organic growth over the course of the last year and now we’re coming back to what I would call more normality. So there is some movement up and down. But we’re fairly encouraged right now. We think 2012 is going to be a fine year. Scott Graham – Jefferies & Company: Yes. I definitely sense that you know, my sense is that you’re sensing that the fourth quarter 4% was just something more of lumpiness more than anything else. I don’t want to paraphrase here, but that’s… 
Frank Hermance: On FX. Probably as we go into 2012, about a point of negative headwind. Scott Graham – Jefferies & Company: Thanks very much. 
Frank Hermance: Yes, basically in the 4th quarter our price end was up about 2 points and we have rolling in our - word it this way, we asked our divisions to get 2% in terms of pricing. While we rolled through our budgets and what's in the forecast we gave you is 1 point. And obviously, we're hoping that will be conservative, but that's the way we gave the estimates. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, it's a huge factor Chris, and an excellent question. If you look at the two acquisitions that I talked about this morning in detail, TMC and O'Brien, both of those businesses have about 70% of their volume in the US. And that's an advantage of buying companies of the relative size that we buy in that they don't have as a significant amount of international exposure because it's expensive, and for a small company to put the infrastructure in is typical. So we put infrastructure in place for our acquisitions so that in essence that can come right out on day 1 and simply put people in our infrastructure, those people report back to the acquired business. But we have the - we know how to pay those people, we've got the legal structures set up, we got the facilities, etcetera. So it's very, very easy for those acquired companies to immediately gain access to distribution in China, distribution in India, shortly we'll have that capability in Brazil, as I talked about. And we have that capability in Europe as well. So it's definitely a sizable factor when we think about deals, and especially businesses like O'Brien for instance, where the market opportunity outside the US is huge for that business. As I mentioned for our profit businesses, about 70% of our volume is outside the US and that where a sizable amount of growth comes. So we're going to capitalize on that. We've set that company up in a way to capitalize on it, and we're pretty excited about it. 
Frank Hermance: That's exactly right Chris. Basically that 60 million is just the cost that we're taking out of the business and pricing is going to be a positive, and then on the other side of the, sort of, the balance sheet there's going to be inflation, and there's going to be investments. And I can give you a rough flavor that on the investment side we plan to put in about $37 million in 2012. And so we sum all of that up with the contribution margins of the company and that's in essence how we get to the bottom line in the estimates that you're talking about. So it is a gross cost number when we speak to it. Another measure, just to go a bit further on your question is we do look internally at just cost minus - excuse me, price minus inflation. Just that's another measure and I have some numbers in the 4th quarter. Price minus inflation was 0.8% of sales. And the budgets are rolling up in that same region - in that same kind of region. So…
Frank Hermance: Yeah, it's operational improvements. It would include a few plant consolidations that we're going to do. And, you know, netted in that number is any cost associated with any restructuring that is going on. So that's sort of a net number on the cost improvements going through the P&L, but it doesn't include inflation. And it doesn't include other investments that we're making. 
Frank Hermance: Got pretty high confidence in the 1st two quarters of the year. You know, it's not as clear in the 2nd half of the year, but we've got excellent backlog, it's over $900 million. Aerospace is just accelerating, so we're very excited about it. And if you look at the profit margins in aerospace and process and in the power industry of businesses, they have very high contribution margins. So we've got, I would say significant confidence in the 1st half of the year. And we've been a bit conservative on our estimates for the full year, and it's really based on it's not as clear in the 2nd half. And so we want to watch that and although I don't think Europe is going to crash, if it did obviously that's going to have an impact on us in the 2nd half. So we don't want to be too aggressive at this point. But I think the fundamental answer to your question is we've got a high confidence in the 1st half of the year. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, there's a drag there. I mean, we were, I think, 20 basis points, but still the margins are darn good at just under 20% - 19.4% in a quarter. So we feel pretty good about that. 
Frank Hermance: Well first of all, the deal pipeline is just great. We've obviously been very successful over the course of the last 15 months. And not only buying companies, but in buying good companies that are really close adjacencies to what we do. And we can leverage those companies in terms of increasing their reach, etcetera. And the backlog really has deals in all of the major areas. We'll acquire in aerospace, we'll acquire in the process businesses, we'll acquire in the power part of our business, and also in the differentiated part of the EMG. The only part of the company that we don't intend to do any acquisitions is in the floor care and sort of cost driven part of EMGs. So it's hard to predict where the deals are actually going to come from as we take each deal and sort of wrestle it to the ground, but I think you could assume we're going to do the kind of deals we've done over the last 15 months. And we did for instance, Avicenna and Coining rolled up in EMG. Reichert, TMC, and EM Test rolled up in EIG, so you had three in one part of the company and two in the other. And O'Brien this morning, the first one out of the box is going to be in EIG. And I can also tell you that we're working on another good sized deal in the EMG side of the business. So I'm not specifically answering your question because it's varied, but there's lots of opportunity. 
Frank Hermance: Right, well it's about the same. It was in that low single digit kind of arena in 2011. And we feel that even with some of the reductions - I know there's going to be some more color on that today. There was a little bit in the Wall Street Journal. But if you look at what they're doing, and like this morning they were talking about increasing the number of drones by about 30% due to the success we've had, and obviously we've got content on drones. So I think the two drivers for us are that the electronic content in military either ground based vehicles or aerocraft is going up and we are the prime provider to the military of cooling solutions for those electronics. So even if the overall military budget is going to wane some we believe we can and we’ve shown that we can outgrow that. So we think positively about that. The other side is an EIG more is that we've invested very heavily in helicopters and they have to change this fleet to a more helicopter base fleet. Just this recent situation in Somalia, they - using aircraft to parachute the SEALs in and then using helicopters to get them back out. And so those investments also are going to sort of outgrow the military budget. So, you know, and we've got pretty good visibility is this business so we think that low single digit rate is reasonable. I guess, if we wanted to look at it negatively, I'm saying the overall aerospace is going to grow in that mid to high single digits. If we didn't have the drag of military at low single digits we'd be probably up in double digits. So it's not all good, but we also don't feel that there's a major problem there. So I hope that helps Matt.
Frank Hermance: It's about the same number we talked about in the 3rd quarter. It's like a 3% kind of number, a little bit less than the US, for instance. And it's significantly less than Asia. 
Frank Hermance: Oh no, we expect it to remain positive. I think the growth there, where we're very strong is in the process businesses. And I think we're going to be just fine. 
Frank Hermance: The multiple on that deal was about 9 times trailing. On the TMC deal it was about 6 ½ times trailing. So actually that was good news to me that we're starting to see some better deals out there - a little bit more reasonable multiples. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, yeah. No, I think if you look at the breakdown of that backlog it does have a higher component of the longer cycle businesses and therefore, you couple that with the fact that the orders have been - you know, even the first part of this year, have started very strong, we just feel pretty confident in the short-term outlook, the six month outlook. So even if we have some weakness in other parts of the business we feel our estimates will more than cover that.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, that's exactly right. I mean, we're saying mid-single digits for the company a little bit weaker in Europe, stronger, much stronger in other parts of the world, but they are a smaller part of the business. So that's where you sum up to this sort of mid 6% kind of number. 
Frank Hermance: They weight towards the process businesses and there's definitely an aerospace component, but process is a key driver. And it's because of the international markets that we've talked about, with oil and gas, and those kinds of businesses being largely outside the US. Our metrology businesses are very strong in China. So those businesses - and Russia as well, our process businesses are the strongest in Russia. So those are the drivers for the growth and we feel pretty good about that. 
Frank Hermance: No, absolutely not. Matter of fact, we've looked at this very, very, closely during our strategic planning activities. And if you roll up and look at the bottom line profits in the BRIC countries, as a percentage of sales, versus the rest of AMETEK they're almost identical, less than a point difference. And in the BRIC countries they're actually higher. 
Frank Hermance: Oh, it's really a similar answer to Richard's question in that's it's predominantly going to be the process businesses. And, you know, they are, one thing you also have to realize is that we roll up the Middle East and we roll up Russia in that part of the world And the process businesses are doing very, very well. So they will be a key driver. And also, we have sizeable aerospace content. We have a major company, actually several companies in Europe that service that part of the world and aerospace is doing fine in Europe. So you take those two factors and you say okay, maybe floor care is not going to be as good and we feel, we're pretty comfortable with these numbers. Matter of fact, it would not surprise me if we even exceeded this guidance that I'm giving you. 
Frank Hermance: I think we're all through, thanks (Ivanna). Thanks everyone for joining our conference call. As a reminder a replay of this call can be accessed on the Internet at Ametek.com and at streetevents.com. Thank you so much. Have a great day.
