David Zapico: Sure, Matt. In terms of orders, Q2 orders were up 4% and organic orders were flat, a very slightly positive. In our EIG business, the order rates were in line with the organic sales growth in the quarter, and the EMG orders were down a bit. We had some delays in our automation and engineered solution businesses. And we ended the quarter with a near record backlog of $1.7 billion. And in terms of the order patterns and sales patterns during the quarter, they followed a similar trend. We had - May was a bit better than April, and June was a bit better than May, which is very typical for our business, but the growth each month as it stepped up was more subdued than past quarter. So pretty typical, but a little less of a ramp.
David Zapico: Sure, Matt. Sure. Q2 was much like the second half of '18, and the first quarter of '19. We had an excellent quarter. We achieved 2 points of price across our entire portfolio. Total inflation, the impact of tariffs was a bit less than 1.5%. So we had a positive spread and we're very pleased with the results. As you know, the results speak to the highly differentiated nature of AMETEK's product portfolio. We have leadership positions in niche markets around the globe, and we really have some focus and determination to make sure we stay in front of a changing global environment. So we're very pleased with the results.
David Zapico: Right. Sure thing, Nigel. First, on our market segment commentary, I'll start with our process businesses. They had another excellent quarter with overall sales up low teens on a percentage basis, driven by mid single-digit organic sales growth, and contributions from the acquisitions of Forza, Telular and Spectro Scientific. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the Materials Analysis business had a particularly strong organic growth quarter driven by solid new product introductions and solid demand for their high-end instrumentation, and for all the 29 we continue to expect process organic sales to be up mid single digits. Switch to aerospace, our aerospace and defense businesses delivered another excellent quarter with high single digit organic sales growth. This growth reflects the attractive positions we have across a diverse set of aerospace and different defense platforms. Similar to the first quarter, growth in the second quarter was broad based across our various aerospace markets. We had a notable strength in our commercial OEM and third-party MRO businesses. And given the solid start to the year, we're increasing our expectations for aerospace and now expect mid to high single digit organic sales growth for all of 2019 with balanced growth across each market. Our power and industrial segment, in the second quarter, sales were up low single digits, driven by the contribution from the recent acquisition of Motec. Organic sales were down slightly in the quarter and in line with our expectations. For all of 2019, we continue to expect low to mid single digit organic sales growth given the strength of our backlog and solid order patterns in these businesses. And finally, sales of our automation and engineered solutions businesses were up low single digits for the second quarter against the difficult prior year comp. For all the 2019, we now expect low to mid single digit organic sales growth for automation and engineered solutions, and we are seeing some order delays in certain businesses. So we lowered that automation and engineered solutions segment from mid to low to mid, and we increased our aerospace guide to a bit or so. So I'll just summarize the whole thing, further continue to expect overall full year organic sales growth of 3% to 5%. As I said, we have modestly increased growth forecast for aerospace, while modestly decreasing our growth forecast for automation and engineered solutions. And really no change to process and power and industrial and OEM, but process performed very well in the quarter, and they look strong.
David Zapico: Yes, sure. Right. Yes, we had overall sales ended up within our guidance range, and organic sales ended up within our guidance range. And at the half year, we were at 4%. So right smack that middle in our guidance. So in terms of geography, we saw some solid growth across Europe and the U.S., and Asia was down mid-single digit. So you really have about 80% of our business up mid single digits, and Asia which is about 18% of our business was down mid single digits. We see in the U.S. where we were up mid single digits, the strongest growth was at process and our aerospace businesses. In Europe, we were up mid single digits. We had broad-based growth in oil and gas, and aerospace had particularly strong quarters. And Asia was down mid single digits, and China was down a bit more than mid single digit. So we had some down a bit more after two plus years of very strong growth, but it's about 7% of our sales, and clearly they are being impacted by the number one and number two economies in the trade war. So we're watching that closely, but given its relative size, it hasn't been too much of a headwind yet.
David Zapico: Yes, I'd say that's a fair characterization. In our automation businesses, we're dealing with OEM customers and they delayed placing orders in the quarter. We didn't lose these orders, they are delayed, and they're cautious, but there is a healthy order pipeline. So I would say that's a good characterization with we have strengthen in aerospace and solid with process and some weakness in automation. So that's a good summary.
David Zapico: Yes, I would say, it's - we have some motive customers there and that was weaker and there was some factor automation customers that was weaker, and to balance that there were some medical and food industry automation that we're okay with, so -- but those are OEM customers, and the motive and factory automation were the areas that it was a bit light.
David Zapico: Yes. One of the characteristics of the acquisitions we did over the past two years were they were largely U.S.-based, and they've held up very well. So the acquisitions are performing extremely well, and they're meeting their acquisition models and is driving the performance of the company as you can see in the results.
David Zapico: Yes. What we went through, the geographies were up in the U.S., mid single digits, down in Europe, mid single digit - excuse me, up in U.S., up in Europe, mid single digits, down in Asia mid-single digits, and China was down a bit more than Asia.
David Zapico: Yes. China has been very choppy and inconsistent through the balance of this year. We do have - we had very difficult comps that we were running into there. So it was mainly in our automation business where we saw weakness, but it was - in China it was more broad based, a lot of the businesses were down a bit. So, again, it was a difficult comp, and I think they're just dealing with the uncertainty and a trade war, and we've been watching it closely, and it's 7% of our business. And fortunately, we have about 80% of our business growing mid single digit. So it's been inconsistent, that's the best way to describe it, Andrew.
David Zapico: Yes, sure. When I think about our portfolio, we had the U.S.-based acquisitions over the past year, but we also have about 13% of our business now is health care. And our aerospace business is performing well. So those are all things that are driving us right now. And when I look at the -- we definitely have improved our organic growth capability. We're making great progress as you saw when you visited some of our operation. There is -- the teams are excited and we're seeing positive results. But I don't think that, that is very difficult to quantify that. And we will be using the tools and the way we have talked about it is through the cycle we will get a point better of organic growth. So I'm not sure in the current environment. It's pretty -- you can draw a distinction between what we've done in organic growth and the current results.
David Zapico: Great. Yes, I think, I'll start with the tariffs. And as you know, we're comprised of niche differentiated businesses and we have low CapEx by design. So our model gives us a lot of flexibility in dealing with those situations. And in Q2, the situation played out as we predicted. We had about $0.01 from the direct impact of tariffs and we offset that completely with price. So -- and we're expecting a similar level of activity in the second half of the year. And going back to the price question, Q2 '19 was much like the second half of '18, and the first quarter of '19. We had an excellent quarter. We achieved 2% of price across our entire business, that's both in EIG and EMG. Total inflation and the impact of tariffs added together was a bit less than 1.5%. So, we had a good contribution to margin from our price less total inflation and tariffs and we're very pleased with the results.
David Zapico: No, we didn't -- yes, we didn't comment. Oil and gas had a particularly strong quarter in Europe, and we include the Middle East in Europe. And when you look at the whole segment, it was up 10% in Q2. So, good strong organic growth in both our upstream and mid and downstream businesses, and we were pleased with the performance.
David Zapico: Right. Yes, I don't think - yes, we covered the quarter. We talked about the quarter being -- and increased each month, but it was more subdued for us. And in July, we're right on our plan, so July isn't over, but we're on target. So July feels pretty good.
David Zapico: Yes. The aerospace business is a great cash generator for us. So, I would say, it's - in terms of the various components of working capital, aerospace ends up being a little higher as a percentage of sales because they're dealing with the aftermarket and -- but they are higher margin businesses. So you have higher working capital, but higher margins, and that's characteristic of the aerospace business, and it's been that way for a long time.
David Zapico: At AMETEK, we are in our various businesses. We're always doing some level of restructuring and those are reported in the operating results. In terms of our big restructuring, our realignment activity affected the entire company. Right now we're not seeing that, we're pretty confident around the second half of the year. But if things change, then we're good at doing it, and we have plenty of opportunities to drive cost reduction. So, as I sit here with a solid group of businesses, generating cash flow, margin expansion, with a robust backlog of deals, with a strong balance sheet, I feel very optimistic about AMETEK's performance and being able to outperform the current environment.
David Zapico: Yes, we are mixing up, and when we announced those deals, we address the recurring revenue, you know Telular stands out. It is about two-thirds of the business that's recurring, but many of the businesses like Spectro Scientific was 30%, 40%, and so we're mixing up and the recurring baseline of AMETEK, it was about 20%, but our recent acquisitions have been a bit more than that.
David Zapico: Right. Yes, as you know, we have high contribution margins in our business, very profitable businesses, but we also have excellent operating capability, and we have seasoned general managers that know how to operate both in up cycles and down cycles. And clearly going into a down cycle, we have plenty of opportunities and plenty of projects, and we have the ability to pull those forward, and we're also very good at managing our working capital and generate a lot of cash. So if we get into that environment, it's an environment where we're experienced and we will perform well on a relative basis, but right at this point we're not seeing that.
David Zapico: Yes. I think it's definitely, but again when something like that happens, it depends on where it comes from and...
David Zapico: And the depth of degrowth is a good comment. So we have to look at it. If that happens when it comes, and I'm sure there will be another recession and I'm sure we'll manage our way through very well.
David Zapico: We're seeing acceleration. I mean the -- at the beginning of the year, we had about $80 million of operational excellence savings, and $60 million of it was from sourcing, and $20 million of it was from other projects that we had. And what we're really seeing is an acceleration on the sourcing side. So our sourcing teams are doing an outstanding job, absolutely outstanding job of dealing with the mitigation of tariffs, and moving us to different regions of the world and delivering incremental savings. So really the incremental savings from sourcing was increased from $60 million to $65 million, and that drove the operational excellence savings increase from $80 million to $85 million. And that savings are in the P&L for 2019 and we saw -- that's a ratable kind of thing, and we saw it ramp up from Q1 to Q2, so we're very confident in the second half of that.
David Zapico: Yes, we have a -- if you look at the business jet market, the business jet market was up low double digits, and coming off a pretty easy comp, but it's continuing to perform. So the military market, the third-party MRO had a fantastic quarter in the second quarter, the commercial business continued strong, so it was really the entire market that did well. But if you look into the details, the business jet market ticked up and we improved the guidance for that for the year. But the entire aerospace business, we increased mid to high single digits.
David Zapico: It is. It is. You know, Chris, we had a record Q4 2018, where we closed three deals and spent about $750 million. And our pipeline is very good, and we're evaluating a number of opportunities. And as you know, it's difficult to predict when they're going to happen in the short-term, but I feel very confident in the long-term and our capability in this area, and have a strong balance sheet. So we're very optimistic that we're going to be able to deploy our free cash flow on acquisitions in the long-term. Right now, we're being disciplined. I mean, we're looking at a lot of properties, and we do deal, we're going to get you return on capital.
David Zapico: Yes, we have a near-record backlog of $1.7 billion, which gives us some confidence in the second half. And if you look into that backlog, there are some opportunities to convert some of it. So that's one of the reasons that we're confident in the guidance in the second half. We're performing well, we got our aerospace growth, our process business is doing well, the U.S. market has done extremely well, and we got a solid backlog and that provides conversion opportunities. So that's the way we're looking at it and we feel good about it.
David Zapico: Right. The opportunity set is very good to -- at all times. As part of our strategic planning process, we go through with all of our business. They have a three-year plan for cost reductions, and involve sourcing some plant consolidations and everything. We have a viable set of projects to pull from. So we really have some opportunities to do that. But when you mention the trucking marker, that business is now less than 2% of sales and the mix...
David Zapico: Yes, we bought Motec earlier in the year and they are in the really good business, and that business is actually growing. So it mutes any decline that we have in the other part of the business. So we have a situation where we've been modifying our portfolio over time, and there we have a good growth. And the camera and the algorithms, software of the vehicles, and really it has changed the outlook for that part of the business. So, you have a little bit of portfolio work that's going on, and we still feel good for the second half. I mean your point is valid maybe for more toward the midpoint and/or the low end and high end, but we're at 4% through the half year, right in the middle of our guide, and we feel confident for the second half of the year.
David Zapico: Yes, I just point you to margins. And we really have some seasoned operators in our businesses, and they are reacting to their plan. So when their business has softened, they're adjusting their cost structures. And with our -- you saw excellent core incrementals in the quarter, you saw excellent operating income. On a reported basis, we are up 60 basis points after we did a bunch of dilutive deals. And without the acquisitions, we were at 110 basis points. So I think the AMETEK operational excellence is really working for you, and there is plenty of room to go and a long runway to that.
David Zapico: Great. Thank you, Kevin, for all your help, and thank you everyone for joining our call today. And as a reminder, a replay of today's webcast will be available on our website shortly. Thank you.
William Burke: Right. We're very pleased with our margin performance in the quarter. Our core margins were excellent. The EIG, if you take out the acquisitions, it was up 90 basis points, and EMG, where there wasn't acquisitions was up 120 basis points. So just outstanding margins, outstanding operating performance, and it showed up in the incrementals also. We had core incrementals of about 60%, EIG was about 50% and EMG was about 70%. So excellent operating performance around the world.
William Burke: Full year is now 21%. What we saw in the quarter was about 150 basis points down year-over-year. Benefits from -- excess tax benefits from stock compensation, and as well there was some changes in some state tax laws that help us drive that rate down to 20.4% in the second quarter.
William Burke: We're looking at a number that's probably to get to the average of 21% for the year, it's more of 22% in the back half of the year.
