David A. Zapico: Sure. Sure, Scott. I'll start with sales. I mean overall, sales came in in line with our expectations. We said we'd down mid-single digits and we were down 5% and so it's right on. Organic sales were down close to 7.5%, which is very close to our expectations. We did see some weaker growth on our aerospace segment mainly because of the business and regional jet market slowed a bit, but it was a bit stronger growth in our Ultra Precision Technologies business. So when you look at the whole picture, during Q3 it played out largely as we expected. If you recall, we did a deep dive at the end of the second quarter to reforecast and it turned out exactly as we thought. In terms of orders we – the organic order rates in the quarter were minus 3.5%. So the organic sales were down 8%, so we got some momentum, book-to-bill was 1.02 and the orders trended up in the quarter, so we're feeling good going into Q4.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Sure, Scott. Overall, aerospace sales were down mid-single digits in the quarter. We continued to see strong growth in our commercial OEM business. We won excellent content across a wide number of next generation commercial aircraft platforms, and we're really well positioned to benefit from this continued growth. Our business and regional jet business continues to be weak, and the military was down a bit in the quarter due to program timing. So, for all of 2016 we expect aerospace sales to be down low-single digits, solid growth in our commercial OEM businesses offset largely by weakness in the business and regional jet. Now jumping into the Process segment, organic sales in Process were down mid-single digits in the quarter, this was in line with our expectations, and driven by weakness across our oil and gas businesses. We did see stabilization within our oil and gas businesses during the quarter, as we expected, and we expect this stabilization to continue through the fourth quarter. Our Ultra Precision Technologies, our UPT business, again had a very strong quarter with good growth across their businesses and as a result of new product rollouts and global and new market expansion initiatives, it was a very positive quarter. For all of 2016, we continue to expect organic sales for our Process businesses to be down mid-single digits to high-single digits, driven largely by oil and gas. Our sales for our Power and Industrial businesses were up mid-single digits in the quarter driven by the contributions from acquisitions, ESP/SurgeX and Brookfield. Organic sales were down low-double digits in the quarter driven by a difficult prior year comparison. And for all of 2016, we expect organic sales from Power and Industrial to be down mid-single digits versus 2015, which is unchanged from our prior forecast. Organic sales for our differentiated EMG businesses were down mid-single digits driven largely by weakness across our Engineered Materials, Interconnects and Packaging business. We are starting to see stabilization in this business also as expected like oil and gas. For all of differentiated EMG, we continue to expect organic sales to be down mid-single digits versus the prior year. Floorcare and Specialty Motors business, the last segment, our smallest segment, organic sales were down high-single digits in the third quarter, driven by softer demand across key markets. And for all 2016, we expect sales for this business to be down mid-single digits organically, unchanged from the previous expectations. When you look at it from the group level, for all of EIG, it's unchanged from prior guidance we provided last quarter. We continue to expect overall sales to be down both single-digits with organic sales down mid-single-digits. Do the same for EMG, it's the same as prior guidance we provided last quarter with both overall and organic sales down mid-single digits and for all of AMETEK our guidance remains unchanged. With overall sales expected to be down low-single digits and organic sales down mid-single digits.
David A. Zapico: Right. Right. Yeah. I'll start with entering the year, the oil and gas presence for AMETEK was about $360 million and that's across our entire business. The majority of that is in Electronic Instruments though in our Process segment. As the year played out that business is going to be down about 33% or down about $120 million. That's a – we had a 60% decline in our upstream business and a 60% decline in our mid and downstream businesses. So, if you go back to at the peak, our upstream sales are down about 70% tied to the rig count decline and our midstream and downstream businesses are down about 20% driven by cuts in capital spending and delayed maintenance work. So we saw the peak in 2014, we saw an initial decline in our upstream business. We got into – in 2015, we saw an initial decline in our upstream business. In 2016, we saw a continuing decline in the upstream and then flowing through to the midstream and maybe we'll end up down about a third again, we're about $240 million coming out of 2016. We you look at it, I feel good about it, one, I look at the order rates. I mean, the order rates for our businesses are supporting a flat Q4, largely in the – that's a longer backlog business with some short-term MRO business, but I feel good about the backlog we have entering the quarter. When I think about the beginning of the year, we were down large percentages in oil and gas, 35% in Q1, about the same in Q2. In Q3 we're down about 20% and we think that will continue till we're down even less in Q4. So, the sequential run rates in the business definitely have stabilized, our order rates have stabilized and I think we took a good look at it at the end of Q2, and it feels the same right now.
David A. Zapico: No, I don't really feel that way. I mean, in the quarter, we did see some additional weakness in our business jet business. And there were some, on the military side, some programs that were some timing issues, but in general, we didn't see much change in the ordering pattern, so the orders accelerated through the quarter and we feel well positioned for Q4.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. We haven't done our planning for 2017 yet, so we're not going to have much guidance on that. But I think, what we're seeing is rig counts have started to pick up, activity is beginning. The market is starting to come back in equilibrium. That will continue through 2017. Certainly, in 2017, we aren't going to have the same headwinds that we had this year. And we're going to sit down with our business during our budgeting cycle and all of our businesses during our budgeting cycle, during the next few weeks, and get a real good feel for what's going on and we're going to communicate that guidance to you at our Q4 earnings call. But it really played out as expected. And going into next year, we'll find out but we certainly aren't going to expect to the headwinds that we had.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I think, there is – you really have a situation where there is excess capacity built up in the industry. And that excess capacity has to be utilized. So there may be a bit of a – if you look at our upstream business, that business typically, long term follows the Baker Hughes drilling rig index. But it doesn't follow it directly, usually, the rigging index picks up and then we'll follow as capacity is used. So, there could be a lag but – and I think, during 2017 that will play out. Again, we're going to get detailed insight from our businesses, but one thing that we're sure of is that any small increase in organic growth, we've leaned the cost structure of these businesses out. These businesses are very well managed, they have strong market positions, high market share in our oil and gas businesses, and we're poised to capitalize on any market growth when it returns, but we're not forecasting any right now.
David A. Zapico: Sure, sure. I'm glad to do that. I'll start with the U.S. We were down low double digits versus the prior year. It was driven by broad industrial weakness, but the key factors driving the negative growth were oil and gas and metals. And if you look at our trend, it's really been that way for the last three quarters. We've had about low-double digit, 10% decline the last three quarters. So it's stabilized at that level. If we jump over Europe, it was down low-single digits, in line with recent trends there; we've been down low-single digits for the better part of a year. Asia was the one positive, it was up 1% organically. If you think back over the past year, year and a half, it was down low-double digits and down low-double digits, down 10%, down mid-single digits sequentially in quarters, now it's up 1%. And China, the biggest driver in Asia, was down slightly, so down about 1%. So we feel pretty good about Asia. We had good performance in Japan and Korea and some other markets, so it was up 1% organically. When you go to the BRIC countries, now overall the BRIC countries are 11% of sales. We've been very successful historically in the BRIC countries, but the emerging markets are challenged right now. Our emerging market exposure is dominated by China, it's the largest by far. And as I already mentioned, we were down about 1%, but when you look at places like Brazil and Russia, they were down very significant double digits, 20% plus in each of those markets. And India has been a different story, it's been growing at mid-single digit rates. This quarter it was a little different, it was down a bit, about 20%, but that's more from large program orders. We don't really have a base business in India yet, so it will bounce around, but I really see that trend continuing. So, basically, in BRIC countries we have China stabilized, that's the biggest market, India on a slow growth path and Brazil and Russia in the dumps.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I'll go through the whole orders profile for you. We booked about $964 million of orders in the quarter. The total orders were down 2%. As I mentioned earlier to Scott, the organic orders were down 3.5%. EIG organic orders were down 5%, and EMG organic orders were down 1%.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. We continue to expect sales will be down roughly $125 million, that's about 25% in 2016, but the year-over-year declines will moderate in Q4 due to easier comps; so we're seeing stabilization begin in the market. The pricing trends, we talked about the pricing trends for key metals we have exposure to, are mixed, with some increasing, like nickel and vanadium over the last quarter, and some decreasing, like molybdenum and titanium; so that's mixed. As I mentioned last quarter and to your point, our visibility into inventory levels within this market, this channel, is limited, but it's largely playing out as expected. We're seeing orders coming from inventory depleted businesses, customers and we're not seeing orders in other places where the inventory is still there. So, we're certainly not saying the inventory destocking is complete, but we're seeing enough order rates to be comfortable that our fourth quarter is going to be a lot like our third quarter and that's our forecast for EMIP.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, the first point is, you're correct, we are seeing easier comps as we progress through the year. But in our last call, we spent a lot of time comparing the second half of the year to the first half of the year, and they were essentially carbon copies of each other. So along with the easier comps, the business has stabilized, because the second half of the year we're going to do very similar to the volume and profitability that we did in the first half. Regarding 2017, I'm just not going to give guidance right now. We typically don't give it till the – we release our fourth quarter earnings. We have a very fulsome budget process, where Bill and I sit down with each of our business units. We have a very detailed process that we work through. Certainly, we're not expecting a major change in the global macro environment, we'll be focused on driving cost reduction through our operational excellence activities. But we're not going to comment on it until we get to the fourth quarter earnings.
David A. Zapico: Sure. We have with cash and unused revolver capacity, we have approximately $1.5 billion of firepower to go at acquisitions. So we're pretty pleased with that. We've got a strong balance sheet and we're looking to deploy it. We have a great pipeline of deals and we're aggressively working a lot of them.
David A. Zapico: Sure. Sure. There is a ramp on our sales from 3Q to 4Q as you mentioned. We typically see a sequential ramp from quarter four to quarter three, so the increase was as expected and it's largely driven by the normal seasonality patterns that we expect to play out in our businesses. The places where our business, our seasonality plays out is our Process businesses and we're seeing those order entry rates indicate that that's going to happen; a little bit of our Power business has a bit of seasonality. So, when you look across our portfolio, we have businesses that have a bit of seasonality. It's built into the forecast and as I mentioned last quarter, our Q4 is a lot like our Q2. So, we don't have anything heroic forecasted, just a typical sequential ramp up due to seasonality.
David A. Zapico: No. I don't think so. I mean – yeah, I'd look – I'd point you to our organic rates at – or our organic sales in Q3 were, as I said, down about 7.5% and our orders were down about 3.5% and we have a little ramp to get through, but it's very similar to what we did in Q2.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. If you think about our narrative, our first half of the year was much like our second half of the year. So, it's kind of flattened out. So, there aren't big comparison benefits that we'll see going into next year. Now certainly, we won't see the oil and gas headwinds. We don't expect to see the headwinds in the metals business. So those will be better. But it's not like we're entering next year with a bunch of easy comps. The business has flattened out, we're glad it's flattened out. We've got our hands around it and now we're focused on our budget. And profit improvement that we're going to get in 2017 is going to come from what we learn in those budget meetings, it's going to come from our operational excellence activities and it's going to come from M&A.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. It wasn't – that wasn't the primary driver. That may happen but as Bill said, it was a no-brainer. We had revolver debt at short-term rates that we can term out to 11.5 years, and have a very, very small interest rate change, so. And that was the primary reason, but we do have confidence that we're going to be able to deploy the capital. We have a – we're well positioned I think in our acquisition world right now, it remains the primary use of our cash flow, it's a core competency and key driver of long-term value. We have disciplined processes around our sourcing, around our diligence, around our integration. We told you that we've added capacity and made some changes in sourcing new deals, and we expanded our pipeline to slightly larger businesses, while leaving our bread and butter deals in the $50 million to $200 million range. And it's been – we got five deals done this year, deployed $390 million in capital, and the year is not over, our pipeline is very good, it appears to have picked up a bit. And the private placement feeds right into that, because we have about $1.5 billion in cash and unused space on our revolver. So, we're feeling really good about being able to deploy the capital and we're feeling really good about the opportunities also.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, we expanded our pipeline of opportunities to include businesses in the revenue of $500 million. So certainly those deals are working its way through the pipeline. So, in terms of mix there is a larger mix of bigger businesses, but that doesn't change the fundamental bread and butter of the business, the $50 million to $100 million to $200 million deals, and I think the backlog that we're seeing right now is a healthy mix of $50 million, $100 million, $200 million deals and a couple of the bigger deals we're looking at. So we're very active right now and we don't have anything for sure, definitely, but we're spending a lot of time and effort evaluating these opportunities and we have the balance sheet to execute on them.
David A. Zapico: No it's about the same, we got about 1.2% of price during the quarter, largely it's playing out the same as the prior quarters where the oil and gas market, the metals market are where the pricing is most difficult, but overall we're getting positive price.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, because of our strong niche market positions, I definitely feel that we have pricing power in our business. What you saw this year is a lot of migration to lower capability products within our portfolio, so instead of buying the high end product that can do just about everything with all the bells and whistles, the customers migrated to more basic functionality and that really happened in the last downturn, back in 2009 also. So we expected it. So along with that price effect we have, which has been very difficult in the markets that are under duress that we've talked a lot about like oil and gas and metals, you also have a mix effect where people are buying down the product line. So, those will be the two big factors that I would see and I think as the market stabilizes that we'll see a slow migration back up to the high end of the portfolio and we expect to get positive price. So, our pricing was greater than total inflation in the business by a bit in the quarter, so we've been able to offset our total inflation. And it's not a good pricing environment. If I look back a couple of years, we were getting two points of price, so it's definitely down, but we're pricing in excess of inflation, and I think that will improve as the general economic global macro-economic trends improve.
David A. Zapico: Right. So, in 2015, we did quite a lot of restructuring. We had two restructurings, and we just really completed them recently. And as we look through our businesses through this budgeting process, we're going to look at all the tools we have, low cost production, sourcing, lean manufacturing, all the tools in the AMETEK toolkit. And I feel comfortable, this year, we had $130 million in cost reductions from the restructuring and the cost reductions and I feel confident that we'll have another healthy number going into 2017, but I'm going to wait to comment on that because I have to get through the budgeting process and we have to look at what each of our businesses plans on doing.
David A. Zapico: No, not reconsidering that, Andrew. We're still an absolute return company. I think the key metric for us is our return on invested capital in year three. That number has been 10% for quite a long time and it's still 10%, and that means we have to parse the deals that we're looking at and we need a strong viable pipeline, which we have now, to find a deal that we can get the hurdle rate to10% ROIC in year three. So, we have not taken a relative approach on pricing. It's still absolute and the returns and pricing on deals and the pipeline that we have is better than it's been in the past, and I feel positive that we will deploy the cash and unused revolver capacity to get some deals done moving forward. Now, we can't predict when deals happen any quarter, or because we have to finish our diligence and we have to get through a lot of things, but we have a lot of activity going on, and our teams are active and working many processes, so I'm optimistic that some of that will turn into a positive, and we'll be able to deploy some of our cash.
David A. Zapico: I believe that just about all markets cycle in the long run and we do have cyclical exposure in our portfolio, 20% of our business is down nearly 30% and we've talked about that. And when you think about AMETEK, our strategy is to focus on a broad, diverse set of niche markets and to look to grow and expand in these niche markets, both organically and through M&A. So, we don't want to become overexposed in any one single market. In fact, we have the same philosophy of any one single customer, or any single technology. So we'll look to continue that balance. We don't have exposure to some of the markets in which have been growing recently, like the construction markets, non-residential construction or residential construction. We don't have a big exposure to the consumer market, we have a limited exposure to the automotive market. All these markets are cyclical as well, but they're doing well right now and will cycle down at some point in the future. So the way I look at it, we weathered the worst of the cyclical market downturns in oil and gas and metals. Our cost structure is leaned out. Our businesses remain well positioned in their niches, we have excellent niche positions. So, we're very optimistic we're going to see sizable profit improvement when the market returns.
David A. Zapico: Yes. It's possible to use the material in other applications certainly. The right spot is in exhaust gas thermocouples though because they're right in the high temperature exhaust gases and if you have a thermocouple that can – there are multiple used on every aircraft engine, and if you can get your thermocouple to last a bit longer and allow the airlines to fly the planes a bit longer, that adds value and that's the application that we're focused on right now and we're very optimistic about it.
David A. Zapico: Well, I think the mix has been a substantial issue and one of the components of our margin decline. The biggest issue has been the drop in organic growth rate, to be clear. Then there is a mix effect also and we didn't get the pricing that we like this year. So, all that will go into the mix of figuring out how next year looks, but I would – I don't think – it really depends on the overall global economic environment and I can't predict an improvement in mix at this point, but I understand your point, you think it could get better, but I'm really not saying that at this point until I've gone through the budgets with our folks.
David A. Zapico: Right. There's a lot of questions there, Scott. We'll start with the last question first. As I mentioned before, our strategy is to play in a broad set of diverse niche markets and we look to grow and expand these niches, so and really diversification is a key point, we don't want to get over exposed to any one single market and even though we've had tremendous headwinds in oil and gas and metals markets we're still a very profitable company. Some of the best margins in the industrial space. So the diversity is serving us well there. When we think about parts of our portfolio that we're doing well in and I mentioned our UPT business, I mentioned the medical space, I mentioned commercial OEM aerospace, those are in the acquisition queue with all the other business. So we'd like to acquire more businesses in those areas for sure. When you asked – I'll answer the first part of your question saying, I'm actually pleased with the performance of our businesses in the cyclical markets, the oil and gas and metals business. We've leaned out the cost structures, those are excellent businesses, with excellent niche positions and I'm not sure how the organic growth is going to play out, but I can tell you when it comes back we're going to make a lot of money, because those cost structures are leaned out. And regarding the organic growth of the company, I mentioned last quarter that we want to focus on the organic growth and making sure we're getting our fair share of the business, and really focus on the front-end of the business and get as good in our sales and marketing functions as we are in our operational functions. So we need our customer facing capabilities to equal our strong operational capabilities and we're working on that by looking at best practices and tools around our company and doing the same thing we did in the operations of apply them to our entire business. So we're focusing on key initiatives in that area and that's largely driven from the fact that the next five years, we might not be able to – if you think back from 2005 to 2015, AMETEK grew 3% compounded annual growth rate and organic growth. We grew 8% in M&A. So 11% top-line and we've got 16% compound annual growth and EPS for the bottom line. If we want to continue that over the next few years, the next five years, which we clearly do, we're just going to take some efforts to work on organic growth across the company to make sure that we can outperform in that area. We're not talking about a meaningful change in it and not a needle mover long-term, certainly not any benefit in 2017, but in 2018 I hope we'll see some benefits of some slightly better organic growth.
