Dave Zapico: Okay. Yes. Regarding the geographic storyline, it was really strong broad-based growth across all geographies and very balanced growth. I mean the US was up about 11%. We had broad-based growth there, notable performance in our process and automation businesses. The US was the strongest, up 11%. Europe was up 9%, notable strength in process in our aerospace business. And Asia was up 9%, notable strength in our Process businesses. So, no canaries in the coal mine for us. Orders are strong. Sales were strong geographically and all regions showed a solid broad-based growth, very balanced.
Dave Zapico: Those are great questions. I mean the -- I think in terms of AMETEK; I think our underlying demand remains strong. As I answered Matt's question, we're not seeing weakness yet. It's really broad-based. Our organic orders are strong. They were up 9%. It was -- both groups had positive organic growth. Both groups are strong. We're growing a healthy growth rates in all major regions of the world as I just went through. And so we feel good about that, and we ended the quarter with a record backlog. So that is really good. And you talk about 2023, I think our portfolio is in much better shape to -- as we're going forward because if you think about what's happened, we've continued to shift our portfolio to exposures in attractive growth markets, growth markets like automation, healthcare, power. This recent acquisition is more renewables. And the market shifts are attractive for us. And our technology, our differentiation is stronger than it was six or seven years ago. And we see that playing out in our organic growth in both relative and absolute performance, we think. And the big picture, we've incrementally improved our portfolio without sacrificing a couple of years of growth to do it and have delivered an exceptional way along the path. I'll give you some examples. Our healthcare portfolio, it was about 10% six years ago. Now, it's 15%. Aerospace and defense, it was about -- it was low double-digits part of the business about six or seven years ago. Now, it's high-teens. Our automation business went from about 7% to 12%. So good improvements in all those areas as a percentage of our total portfolio. And on the flip side, more cyclical businesses like our oil and gas and metals, they were more than 20% of sales six years ago. And right now, combined, these sales are about 8%. So we feel good about the portfolio, and it's performing now and we think it's going to perform in any kind of economic environment that we run into.
Dave Zapico: Right, right. I think the -- both acquisitions are going to grow in the high single-digit to low double-digit range. So they're both good growers. And both acquisitions are very profitable businesses. The blended multiple was about 11 times. So both very profitable, growing businesses and a fair price paid. We're excited to have each of these companies, each fit perfectly with our acquisition strategy. They're leaders in niche markets, each has very strong technology differentiation positions that are backed by excellent engineering capabilities. And they expand our presence in attractive growth markets. Navitar is in the high-growth optical solutions, in life sciences, machine vision, robotics. And RTDS is really well positioned to benefit from the modernization and electrical power grid and the investments being made there with excellent exposure to the renewables market. So we've been working on these businesses for good period of time, and I'm just really glad to have them in the portfolio.
Dave Zapico: Sure, Dean. I'd be glad to do that. The strongest was Process. They had the strongest growth in the third quarter. Organic sales, up low teens on a percentage basis. The growth is really broad-based. And as I said in my prepared remarks, it was particularly strong growth across our Roland Healthcare business, TMC Pressitech and our thermal process management businesses. And for all of 2022, we now expect organic sales for our Process businesses to be up approximately 10%. The segment that grew the fast -- second fastest was our Automation & Engineered solutions. Very strong third quarter with organic sales up low double digits, a balanced growth across both Automation & Engineered Solutions. And for that sub-segment, we now expect organic sales to be up approximately 10%, up from high single-digits, up to 10% for the full year with similar growth across each segment. Then, I take you to the Power & Industrial business, up mid-single-digits on a percentage basis in the quarter. We saw a notable strength across our power instruments and programmable power business. And we now expect that sub-segment to grow 10% also. So that was -- we rose that from high single-digits to 10%. And I'll talk about the Aerospace & Defense business. Organic sales for our Aerospace & Defense businesses were up mid-single-digits in the third quarter. Commercial sales were really strong, up mid-teens in the quarter, driven by strong underlying demands across the industry. Commercial OE, aftermarket and business jet all grew nicely. The strongest were aftermarket in business jet. And defense sales were up low single-digits in the quarter. And for the full year, we expect organic sales for A&D to be up high single-digits on a percentage basis with our commercial aerospace business to -- growth to be stronger than the defense growth. That's a walk around the company, Dean.
Dave Zapico: Right. I'll start with the cadence. We had strong orders in each month with the strongest being September. We had a very strong September and for that matter, our October results are consistent with our outlook showing a solid performance. Yes, a good question about the underlying orders. And the way I think about it, we'll certainly be running into more difficult comparisons for order input in the coming quarters. And we do expect our orders to moderate due to the fact that you're talking about, our customers placed orders early due to supply chain dynamics. And we believe that the return to more normalized ordering patterns and -- but even with these factors, I expect our backlog to be in an excellent position as we enter 2023.
Dave Zapico: That's a good question. And the way -- one way that I think about it, it may help you, if you go back a few years, our annual sales were about 30% in backlog. So that was a typical year for us. We had about 30% of annual sales in backlog. Right now, we have a little more than 50% of annual sales in backlog. So there's a 20% difference there. And that's why I think we have solid visibility and that's in place because of the ordering patterns or our customers have changed, and we've had really strong order input and we had to protect our customers with inventory because of the supply chain prices. So, the increase of backlog went from about 30% of annual sales to 50% of annual sales, and that's the kind of way I think about it, that helps you.
Dave Zapico: Yes, you're right about the profitability. They're high profitability businesses. Navitar is maybe -- has a little higher growth rate and a little lower profitability than RTDS that has higher profitability and still is a healthy growth rate, but maybe slower than Navitar's. We -- there's a normal amount of synergy for us in these deals. They're both private businesses and there's excellent opportunities for us to improve the cost and revenue generation capabilities of the business. And there is a globalization theme. RTDS is more globalized already than Navitar, but both of them will benefit from AMETEK's global scale. So, good insight on your part.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I mean the -- EMG's performance was excellent in the quarter, as you mentioned. They had record margins of 27.4%. And the biggest factor when you look at it is our higher-margin businesses are growing faster in the quarter in particular. And EMG is pretty much done what AMETEK continues to do and moving up the differentiation curve with their product portfolio. And we exited some of the lower-margin consumer businesses over time. So, they're really good book of business as we go forward up the differentiation curve and they're getting better pricing because of that. But in terms of pricing, it was really broad-based across all of AMETEK. So it wasn't -- EIG and EMG were similar in terms of price. It's really -- if you want to think about it, the -- certain mix effect because the higher-margin businesses grew faster in the quarter.
Dave Zapico: Yes. Yes. And it's a typical business. I mean, there -- it's a firm backlog backed by firm POs, but we work with our customers on both pull-ins and push-outs and inevitably, that happens every quarter.
Dave Zapico: When I look at our backlog and deals and potential deals, I feel very optimistic that over the next, say, 12 months, we're going to be able to deploy our free cash flow and acquisitions. We -- the pipeline is very, very strong. There's a -- we're working with quite a few businesses right now and actively exploring some exciting opportunities. So can we have the financing to do it? I mean the pricing is starting to come in on deals now and our relative position versus some other competitive buying, like private equity has improved. So I'm looking -- I'm pretty optimistic about deals for 2023. And our backlog is going to support and our balance sheet supports, strong cash flow support it. So it's going to be a big part of the future AMETEK story.
Dave Zapico: Right. Yes. I think some of the reshoring is going to help them. I mean the largest market segment is in the medical and life sciences area, where they're very -- they have very successful penetration in the optics used in various types of microscopes. There are also -- their optics are very, very good, and they're in a lot of machine vision and robotics applications. They sell to some big name semiconductor companies at the high-end of the market. And we just think the combination of this business with our Zygo business, that's the primary optical business, just puts it together and gives us some additional tools to go to our customers with. And it's -- and I'm very optimistic on the future and very low-risk deal for us.
Dave Zapico: We are. And I think we got this business at the right time because as people put renewable energy on the grid and whether it's a wind farm or a field of solar panels, or on the electrification, they have charging devices for electric vehicles, each one of those things that they add to the grid is not simple. There has to be a lot of analysis done and they have to understand the impact of -- they're adding to the grid. And at the same time, there's a lot of investment in the grid. Some of the infrastructure act is putting investment in the grid. And RTDS is really used to help simulate and modernize the grid. So they have a high market share and they're used by all the utilities to understand what's going to happen with modernizing their electric grid. So, they're really well positioned for the future. And they have an excellent team of technical people. So we're optimistic on what that business can do with under AMETEK.
Dave Zapico: Yes. In the case of RTDS, it's like many AMETEK businesses. It's a combination of hardware and then software to operate the business. So it's really not different, and it's not a software-only business. And we've largely stayed away from software-only businesses because the pricing has been very high, and we couldn't get a good return on it. And to your point, we don't see the synergy that we'll add to the businesses. So -- but at the same time, software is very important to AMETEK. It's in these combined systems, very complex hardware systems that need software, and that's our specialty and RTDS gets right into that.
Dave Zapico: Yes. We have -- we're bringing on a lot of capacity in low-cost regions. And we -- during this year, I mean, we've expanded our facilities in Mexico. We expanded our facility in Serbia. We expanded our facility in Malaysia. And we have more in the works, but those were all put in place this year to add additional capacity. So we're dealing with our volume in low-cost regions, and it provides a synergy to -- and local market access for us. So, we've been investing heavily in low-cost production manufacturing. And Malaysia is becoming a good facility for us. Again, Eastern Europe, Serbia and Mexico for the US. So it's -- we have these regional hubs that we're building up, and it's very successful for us. And we've put a lot of capacity in place this year.
Dave Zapico: Yes. The first thing is not only is the Vitality Index, it helps us with our pricing, because we're continually adding new features and benefits to our products and our customers, and it enables us to garner a higher price because of the engineering investment that we're making, very consistent engineering investment over 5% over many years. We first started tracking the Vitality, it was in the mid-teens. And over the past 10 or 15 years, it got into the 20s and the mid-20s. And now, I'm just very pleased with 27% Vitality. Clearly, our new product development process is working. We're developing products our customers want to buy. And 27% of sales for our end markets, we think that's a really good number. And in general, I put a range around it, I think between 20% and 30% is a very good number for AMETEK. And again, the vitality helps not only from new products, having fresh new products that you can win share with, but it also helps with pricing -- realized pricing.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I would say the -- strong across the board and process, but the healthcare space and the energy space are two areas that stood out in the quarter. And then with TMC Precitech, it's just a precision technology where we're doing things that other people can't do and -- our orders have been high for multiple quarters. Now, the sales are catching up.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I mean it's difficult to understand the specifics until you're in a recession because they're all different. But as I said, I think our portfolio has been improved dramatically. And I think that when you think about all the other things that I mentioned, we would stay in front of inflation with pricing. I think in 2023 as the supply chain shortages abate, we believe our working capital will decrease to a more normalized level. In the vertical markets, I'm going to wait and see what we learn from our businesses but we do expect our longer cycle businesses to be strong in both A&D and energy, and we do expect to have a historically strong backlog when we enter 2023. And in terms of a recession playbook, let's say we do see slowing and we start to see a recession, we'll react and manage our business appropriately as we have done in the past. And we think we have a proven model that works well in both up markets and down markets. And the most recent example of this was during the COVID-driven recession in 2020. And if you look at how we performed through that, despite the weakness in sales during the time, our margins actually grew 80 basis points and decremental margins were only 17%. So we've got the capability to manage in both up cycles and down cycles. And I believe that the next recession will be no different whenever it comes.
