David Zapico: Right. I will start with the geographic update. And there was a dynamic in one of our regions that was a little bit different, so I will talk about that also. In the U.S., there was a strong high single-digit growth. It was a broad-based growth, particularly in our Aerospace business, our Process businesses and our EMIP business. It really fired on all cylinders. Europe was a pleasant surprise, up mid-single digits, a solid growth in automation and Process businesses drove that growth. And Asia was roughly flat. And also there was a dynamic where the activities seemed to slow in February, but it picked up very strongly in March. So some of our folks were speculating that some of the uncertainty or the Chinese New Year may have slowed our business activity. But again in March, we ended up with a record order input for Asia. So it was flat, but going forward, we haven’t changed any of our outlook for the region. So across-the-board, it was pretty good quarter.
David Zapico: Yes. Matt, I didn’t answer your linearity question. I mean, we strengthened through the quarter and our strongest month was March, which is not atypical for us. And related to the price inflation, Q1 ‘19 was much like the second half of 2018. We had an excellent quarter. We achieved about 2 percentage points of price across our entire business. Total inflation was a bit less than 1.5%. So we are very pleased with these results, and we think we are well positioned to continue this for the balance of 2019. That speaks to the, as I said before, the highly differentiated nature of our product portfolio on our leadership positions in these niche markets. And also our focus and determination to stay ahead of the inflation in a changing global economic environment.
David Zapico: Sure, Bhupender. The first thing would be the organic orders. They were up 3.5% for the quarter. That’s actually -- remember against a very difficult comp at -- we were up plus 12% in Q1 of 2018. So really solid orders performance, we had excellent book-to-bill. Our book-to-bill was 1.07. I think this mark 10 straight quarters with a positive book-to-bill. We ended the quarter with a record backlog of $1.7 billion. So we are feeling really good about environment we are operating in and from what we are hearing from our businesses, and we continue to see a solid underlying demand. We are really well positioned to perform well in this environment. And regarding April, I haven’t seen the data as of today, but I have seen it as of yesterday, and we are right on track. So no change in pace in April, and we are feeling good about Q2.
David Zapico: The organic growth would be the same level at the 3%, 4%, 5% that we have guided for the year for AMETEK.
David Zapico: Right, as you know, AMETEK is not dependent on any one platform. So we are on lot of or on just about every platform, but we are not overly dependent on anyone. So when you look at the 737 issue, first of all, Boeing hasn’t reduced the orders forecast and production plan that we are seeing here. So we are still going along meeting that demand. The second point would be for the full year of 2019, the 737 Max accounts for about $15 million in revenue. So that puts it in an order of magnitude. It’s a small part of the company, I think, probably about 0.25% of revenue. So we are not overly dependent on it. We certainly want to see the problem fixed and want to keep producing at the rate we are producing on. But we had in the quarter strong OEM business. The commercial business was very solid. Our Aerospace business was up high single digits in the first quarter, and we are forecasting it to be up mid-single digit for the year. So strong growth in all segments and maybe there’s a bit of conservatism there, but we feel really good about our Aerospace business in all of our market segments.
Bill Burke: Yes, it’s a great question, Andrew. I mean, the first point is, in quarter 2, our guide is higher than quarter 1. So we typically -- from Q1 to Q2, it’s a bit higher. And we grew sales organically at the high-end of our guidance range. And in the first quarter, we had excellent core margin performance. And we raised our guidance letting the entire Q1 earnings to be flowed through to the new guide. But to your final point, it’s still early in the year. And we feel good about how the quarter played out, but we are being a bit prudent. And the uncertainty of the economic environment and we feel that we are very comfortable with our guidance.
Bill Burke: Sure. The Energy business is probably a bit smaller as a percentage of total AMETEK because of some of the organic growth we have had in other areas and our M&A. It’s about 6% of the company and in the first quarter, it was up low single digits and for the full year, we are expecting it to be up mid-single digits. And we are looking at our -- for the full year, we are looking at our upstream business to be high single digits and the mid-downstream to be up mid-single digits. And we have about 75% of our business in the mid and downstream. And what we are starting to see is typical recovery, that part of the business, our largest part of businesses starting to gain momentum. So we feel very good about our energy business. We feel really good about the market positions we have and the businesses continuing to grow. We had a great year last year and it looks like it’s on target for another good year this year.
Bill Burke: We have solid backlogs, but I can’t say that there was a change -- a notable change in behavior when the price of oil raised the last few months and there wasn’t a change of behavior when it dropped precipitously in Q4. We just had a steady increasing level of business and it’s a global business about 2/3 of outside the U.S. and it just feels really solid. And as I said, the mid and downstream business is picking up nicely.
Bill Burke: Yes, sure on M&A. Our M&A pipeline is very active. As always, we are evaluating a number of opportunities. And we have a very broad pipeline, it needs to be broad. Because we are in the environment with the oil pricing up and with the competitiveness of the environment, we have to select the deals from our broad pipeline, which will give us a solid return on capital. So the M&A environment is similar to what we have been experiencing in the past few years, and we are looking at deals across both of our groups. And I am very encouraged with the progress on the pipeline. And you can’t predict in the next quarter if the deal is going to close, but I feel very confident on the long term with our process capability in M&A and with our tremendous pipeline. So I am very bullish about M&A.
Bill Burke: I would say that the free cash flow probably be a little more heavily weighted into the back half of the year than it is in the front half. And I think it’s, as you, as you mentioned, we were able to drive the benefits from businesses that are now inside the AMETEK portfolio for a longer period of time as well as getting after improving working capital performance across all of our base businesses.
Bill Burke: Yes. We are seeing some M&A have set out. We did major aerospace last year and we are actively looking in all of our businesses, put together a strategic plan and we look at those opportunities. And when you look at the characteristics of differentiation, we have very differentiated businesses with Dunkermotorenwith our aerospace presence. So our aerospace business had an outstanding quarter. So we are looking at that both sides of our house. And I think over the past 10 years, there’s one point EIG and EMG were about the same size and EIG is just grown a little bit bigger. So there is clearly a strong desire to do acquisitions on either side of the business.
Bill Burke: I wouldn’t say that - I wouldn’t say that. The pricing is really dependent on the niche market that we are looking and the expectations of the sellers. So I wouldn’t say that I mean, there is a big difference between EIG and EMG from the product portfolio. EIG has a lot of direct and aftermarket with the end users and EMG in large part is a OEM supplier, except for the aerospace business. So, but really we are looking on both sides and I wouldn’t draw anything from your prior point.
Dave Zapico: Okay. At the AMETEK level it was 35% and at the EIG level it was 50% and at the EMG level it was 25%. So pretty typical performance, very strong performance and that we are very pleased.
Dave Zapico: Yes. You probably should assume that because our pricing is been pretty consistent.At the group line, EIG was up 5% organically in orders and EMG was up 1% organically in orders. And EMG had the toughest hurdle, because last year we had a very difficult comp at 12% and EMG was a bit stronger than EIG. So really all of our businesses have solid order performance and we have, as I said before, an excellent book-to-bill and record backlog. So we are feeling really good about the orders and it’s really across the board.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I’d say in AMETEK, except for the metals business. There isn’t a period of give back. I think within the metals business. We don’t really count that is price. So that’s just the commodity fluctuations that get passed on to the customer. And what you really have there is a lot of the metals have stabilized, but the price of vanadium is one metal that’s important to us that’s trough as strong recently. So that will have a modest impact as we go forward on EMG’s specialty metals business, but I don’t expect much of an impact at the AMETEK level.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I think in 2018, we said that was about $0.12 of benefit. In 2019, there is about 12% of -- $0.12 of benefit from an M&A and we had a lot of deals, sluggish deals at the end of 2018. So those deals are working their way through the system and there are certainly a lot of integration activities going on. So yes, from those deals the timing wise will be though I have a potentially bigger, bigger benefit in 2020. But we are still seeing good margins now with our core business, and that’s very positive on those deals and the integrations are progressing very well. So they are spread out amongst our operating units and we feel good about them.
Dave Zapico: I think our style was one that equates to returns. And we look for a cash-on-cash, after-tax, return on invested capital, 10% in year three on all these deals and we haven’t changed that. And we are getting that kind of return on the deals were getting done and we are not chasing deals that we can get a return on. So our per take maybe that we are not paying the inflated prices, but we feel very comfortable in the long run that there’s a lot of discipline in our system, we want to maintain that discipline, and we look at the return on total capital on our balance sheet. The return on capital is about 13% in the first quarter. Our cost of capital is more like 8.5% and we think the difference between the two as what we are creating a value for our long-term shareholders and we look at that very closely. So that’s the key driver behind our acquisition strategy. We have a lot of discipline and we don’t plan to change that.
Dave Zapico: I guess I will start with the weather and it didn’t have a measurable impact on our business. So what the tariff, Q1 2019, there was situation played out as we predicted. We had about $0.01 from the direct impact from tariffs and we offset that totally with price and our sourcing activities have been successful in reducing growth tariffs and we are active and continuing to those sourcing plan. So price actions completely offset tariffs and we feel good about that. And your last question there regarding the pull-ins, we look very hard at the pull-ins and, there is always some things pulled into Q4 before the end of the year maybe to avoid a price increase. But it wasn’t any different than any other prior year. So we are not saying we put a lot into Q4 2018. We really looked at it hard. And looked, about the same thought. So those are answered.
Dave Zapico: Yes, Deane. I think it’s about 85%. It comes out in the next year. So it gives you some very good visibility. But quite frankly there were a number of our businesses that are our book and ship that in the month of the quarter. So we don’t want to take it too far. But 85% of that $1.7 billion is going to go up this year.
Dave Zapico: Right. I highlighted the product development and EDAX and also the product development in the adjacent expansion roll-on. Those were the highlights. And regarding investment for the year, we are investing about $80 million of incremental investments in sales, marketing and engineering activities. As $80 million more than we invested in 2018. So, and that spend is relatively linear through the year and we are getting a good return on it. So certainly, we are investing heavily but our businesses are really focused on getting a return and we are very pleased with our new product development activities and also the work we are done in commercial excellence, and improving our capability to go to market.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. The -- one first point there, I will make a small correction that what you said. EIG organic growth was 4% in Q1, not 3%.
Dave Zapico: Same question applies and it really played out as we thought. I mean, we had a forecast that was -- and both sides of the business met their forecast. So it’s pretty much a…
Dave Zapico: Yeah. You are right, Rick. It is a positive variance and you have the cost reduction factored in also. But our pricing that we got 2% in the quarter was broad based across our portfolio, but it’s a little bit higher in EIG than EMG and we definitely had a positive mix. I mean, at this stage of the cycle, people are buying our fully option products. They have money to spend and our mix is positive. So those are the two -- really three factors. We managed cost well, we have got good price in EIG and the mix was positive.
Dave Zapico: Yes. EIG is about two-thirds of our business and EMG is about a third. So I think the pipeline reflects that skewing. We are looking on a lot of our business is broad based. Looking at the differentiated products, the secular versus cyclical markets would be a…
Dave Zapico: … priority, so it’s a lot of what you have seen recently. There is healthcare, there is more process, instrumentation, there’s an automation business, there is some very good properties we are looking at, the Power and Industrial segment. So the Aerospace business, I mean, across the Board, we are looking and...
Dave Zapico: You see a little bit, it’s around in a little bit with telearm and things like that, that’s certainly…
Dave Zapico: I don’t want to guess, Joe. Because the pipeline has some more sizable deals and it also has some smaller deals and with our disciplined approach, you don’t know what you are going to find. So we could spend the same as we spent last year. We could spend a lot more. We can spend less and the deals could be a lot of different sizes. So I don’t want -- that’s pretty hard to predict at this point of the year.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. That’s -- we just finished our ninth quarter in a row with our average organic growth of 6%. So we are really pleased with that. But, clearly, the economic environment helped us, but certainly the focus and work that we are doing is improved also. Our customer facing capability is really improved and our teams are excited and we are seeing positive results from growth Kaizens and digital marketing, and our sales force is much more effective. We are driving aftermarket growth and it’s becoming part of our culture and important part of our business system. So it’s very difficult to bifurcate between the market growth and the company specific growth. But I can just tell you that we are making great progress and we will let the numbers speak for themselves.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. If I go around the horn with market segment commentary, our process -- I will start with process. Our process businesses had outstanding start to the year. Overall sales were up mid-teens. The growth was mid single-digit organically and contributions from the acquisitions of SoundCom, Forza, Telcellular and Spectro Scientific. Our Materials Analysis business did saw particularly strong and broad-based growth and they are continuing to see solid demand for their high end analytical instrumentation. So that team has done an excellent job. For all of 2019, we continue to expect organic sales to be up mid-single digits. Our Aerospace and Defense business delivered excellent results as I talked about before, high single-digit organic growth for the quarter. Our growth remains solid across our various Aerospace markets with notable strength across our Military and Commercial OEM businesses. For all of 2019, we continue to expect mid single-digit organic sales growth with balanced growth across each market. For our Power and Industrial sub-segment, we saw mid single-digit growth in the first -- we saw mid single-digit growth in the first quarter and that was driven by the recent acquisition of Motec. Organic sales were flat in the quarter for Power and Industrial in line with our expectations. We had a difficult prior year comparison in our Power Test and Measurement business. And for all of 2019, we continue to expect low-to-mid single-digit organic growth, driven by the strength of our backlog and the solid order patterns that we are seeing across these businesses. And finally for our Automation and Engineered Solutions, we saw growth across those businesses. They remain solid with mid single-digit organic sales growth in the quarter. We continue to see excellent growth from our Dunkermotoren business tied to the automation macro trend in serving. In addition, we saw notable strength across our Engineered Medical Components businesses in the quarter. That team is really doing a fantastic job, the EMC business. And for all of 2019, we continue to expect solid mid single-digit organic sales growth for our Automation and Engineer Solutions business. So, thank you, that’s a walk around the horn, Joe.
Dave Zapico: They are very difficult to predict. As we communicated early in the year, we expect solid growth this year, but it’s -- the growth is going to moderate a bit. And it’s driven by the trade tensions, the global macro uncertainty, and additionally, we have some very difficult comps. And we are staying close to Asia, because of the trade difficulties, but overall, it feels pretty good and where our guys typically a bit conservative. And we are waiting to see things play out, but we feel good about the year.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. So the -- as I said, Asia was roughly flat. China sales were down mid-single digits, against a difficult comp. We have done very well over there for the better part of two years. And while the China orders were up, low-single digits for Q1, so similar to Asia, we had tremendous order input in China in March. I mentioned the dynamic of slow February tied to the Chinese New Year. The other thing our MAT business our Materials Analysis business had a great quarter in China and some of our project businesses with difficult comps were off a little bit. So when you look at China as a whole, we had the good orders in line with low-single digits for Q1 and for the full year for China, we expect the growth to be in line with the 3% to 5% of all of AMETEK. So it’s moderating from the double-digit growth for past couple of years, but still solid and we are still staying close of that, but there was a bit of uncertainty. It’s the one uncertainty that we are watching closely because of the global trade situation.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. The U.K. accounts for about 4% of AMETEK sales. We are preparing for our Brexit. So we are not assuming there is a political solution. Now the can’s been kicked down the road, it’s delayed until the fall. Certainly there maybe some administrative issues that may cause delays in getting product in and out of Europe into the Mainland, but our businesses are very in tune with the issue. We probably are carrying about a million pounds of inventory to different preposition to make sure them that we are going to be able to sustain a short-term problem, but we -- our businesses from the U.K. to a lot of exporting already not to the Mainland. So we not from the U.K., there may be some administrative issues in the short-term and we are hoping for a solution, but again preparing for hard Brexit.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Our number one priority for capital allocation is to support our capital and acquisitions, and buy good businesses and make them better, that’s generated long-term return for our shareholders and it’s a clear priority. At the end of last year, we have an opportunistic approach to buybacks. Our stock and a significant market dislocation and we deployed a significant amount of capital and bought back some shares in the low ‘70s that will take a good move at this time. And then the priority three for the capital allocation will be a modest consistent dividend. In terms of your other question about our portfolio, we are in process of completing our annual strategic review. This is where we closely look at all elements of our portfolio. In the review last year, we concluded that we are very comfortable with our portfolio and we are clear profitable growth opportunities for each of our businesses. So our strategy is to focus on a broad diverse set of niche markets and we don’t want to become exposed to any one single market customer, technology and but we haven’t completed our review that you share. We do it every year and we go through that review and may come to a different decision we will let you know, but we are comfortable with our performance.
Dave Zapico: Not really. I mean, I wouldn’t read too much into it. I mean, we grew sales at organically at the high end of our guidance range and it’s still early in the year and we want to be prudent. So that will be the biggest driver. As we mentioned before, we do have some tough comps and that’s driving some moderating growth, but we are feeling good with how the year is playing out nicely one more behind us.
