Dave Zapico: Yes. Our outlook for the year has changed. And as we noted in my prepared remarks, we now expect the improvements in the second half of the year are not going to happen as originally anticipated, and we talked about that earlier in the year. We now expect our sales and operating performance in the second half will be similar to the growth that we – sales and operating performance in the first half. So we're not going to see the increases that we had anticipated. And this change results in about a four-point reduction in our sales outlook. And to your question, where is it coming from? Roughly three points of this reduction is our automation and engineered solutions subset, which is the businesses that we talked about being exposed to the OEM destocking. And within that area, we have two points of reduction tied to our automation business and one point from the Paragon destock. So that makes up about three to four-point reduction in our outlook. Across our EIG businesses, we expect about one point of lower sales due to short-term project delays. And there, we're seeing customers are being just a bit more cautious given the cumulative impact of wide range of economic, political and geopolitical factors. But we feel these are temporary delays. Our new funnel pipelines remain very solid, projects are not being canceled. They're being delayed. And given the expected lower sales, we reduced our earnings guidance by about $0.05 at the midpoint. Another couple of points. I mean, we've really done a good job running the company. It reflects when you take that sales decrease, it reflects about a 20% decremental margin on the expected lower sales. And as Dalip mentioned, the tax rate will be lower in Q4. So I'm pleased with how the team is managing through these temporary demand changes. I'm confident that we're positioned to see accelerated profit growth when the economic conditions change. I think to your point, we missed the timing of the recovery and the inventory corrections will take a bit longer. And as AMETEK does, we're adapting to the current situation, and we're going to manage our business appropriately. And as I said, we've got really pleased how the team responded with 20% decremental to the volume change.
Dave Zapico: Sure, Matt. I'll start with our largest subsegment, the process. Sales for our Process businesses were up low single digits with solid growth across our energy businesses and our CAMECA business in the quarter. As noted in my prepared remarks, we've seen customers, as we just talked about, turn more cautious. We expect this to continue in the second half as we discussed, and we expect our process businesses to be flat to up low single digits versus the prior year. Now I'll move to aerospace and defense and that business was up mid-single digits in the quarter. Growth was strongest across our commercial aerospace businesses, while Defense experienced some shipment delays in the quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect strong high single-digit organic sales growth for our A&D business with similar growth across both our commercial and defense businesses. Next, I'll move to our Power & Industrial businesses. And overall sales for our Power & Industrial businesses were up mid-single digits in the second quarter with contributions from recent acquisitions being offset by a low single-digit decrease in organic sales. Similar to our process businesses, our Power and Industrial are seeing the same kind of customers of delaying some projects due to the broader macro uncertainties. And for all of '24, we now expect organic sales for our Process and Industrial businesses to be flat compared to 2023. And our final segment, automation and Engineered Solutions. Self-segment sales, they were up high teens on a percentage basis in the quarter. This was driven by the contributions from the acquisition of Paragon Medical. Organic sales in quarter were down approximately 10% due to the continued normalization of inventory levels across our OEM customer base, we expected to see improvements in return to growth, as we talked about in the second half of the year. And as we just mentioned, that's not going to happen. Inventory normalization is going to continue through the end of the year. And as a result, we expect organic sales for our Automation & Engineered Solutions businesses to be down mid-single digits for the full year. So that's a picture around the word at.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think the - I think what we see from our customer base is they're just taking longer to approve projects. And they're going further up the sign-off chain, to get signed off. These are typically - they're not even large projects. And you see those resulting in delays. I think it's a combination of the elections in the U.S., I think two-thirds of the worlds have elections this year. So it's elections around the world. It's the - some financing related to the higher interest rate higher inflation. I mean, it's the worst. So just a lot of things that they're combining to affect people's decisions, and they're just delaying a bit, I mean the thing that's different than some other downturns is we still have very strong pipelines of new activity. So thinking about past downturns, we've been through a bunch of these, I don't think there's been any where we have a strong new activity pipeline from our customers. So the projects aren't being canceled. There may be some delays in phasing some new products in and maybe it's taken longer to get the financing, although that's not primary feedback we're getting. But I think it's this broader macro issue that's honestly a bit of smaller issue for us. The bigger issue is the OEM destock. So I think we had the pandemic. And then we had the supply chain crisis. And we're selling it in our automation and engineered solutions businesses differentiated components and subsystems to people that are typically smaller dollar value amounts to the entire system. And when people bought inventory, because we're very specialized, and they wanted to keep shipping the products. And now we're just dealing with a destocking process that's just taking a little longer than we thought. And I think that.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think the monthly cadence in both sales and orders was our typical monthly cadence. So otherwise, we typically step through a quarter with the first month being the lowest and the second month being a little bit higher than the third month being the highest month of the quarter. That same process occurred. But definitely, as the quarter went on, we saw some incremental weakness mainly in the project area.
Dave Zapico: Yes, because Paragon is mainly in one end market, and they're talking to their customers daily. I think there's better visibility. And you can also talk to customers and get market information. So this the - talk that we're seeing is really happening everywhere. Just to refresh everybody's memory, Paragon manufactures single-use and consumable surgical instruments and implantable devices, orthopedic implantable devices, drug delivery systems, really attractive markets. At the same time, this is going on. We're working on substantial efficiency improvements in the businesses. We talked about that last quarter and this process is proceeding very well. So this combination of the market growth that follows the destock, along with the new program wins and leaned out and efficient cost structure is really going to provide substantial sales and profit growth for Paragon in the years ahead. We have a similar business and similar markets and another part of AMETEK, and it's seeing the same kind of destock and Paragon won a tremendous amount of new programs. So we're still investing and driving those things in the market. So I think when you take a step back, this is going to be a tremendous generator for our long-term shareholders, and we're very optimistic about the business. It's unfortunate about the destock process, but we're in this game for the long run, and we're doing all the ready things for the business and we've got a new management team with some really talented people from AMETEK that are working with people that are from Paragon and they have a great plan to take the business forward. So we're really optimistic about how that business is going to perform for us long term.
Dave Zapico: That's a good question. And when we step back and look at this. First, I'll go to orders. Our orders for the past couple of quarters have had small sequential improvements. So like if you go back to Q4 of last year, you have Q1 of this year and now the quarter recently completed, the orders sequentially were up low single-digits each quarter. So I feel like the orders have stabilized. We had a minus 10% organic in Q1. The orders in Q2 organically were minus 4%. And we think in the second half of the year, we're going to have a modest improvement versus the first half. So it kind of feels like the business has really stabilized. When you go to sales, we wanted to derisk the year because and it's really flat. So even though you have a little bit of movement from quarter-to-quarter, and we have a benefit of a tax rate in in Q4, if you back that out and you look at sales the first half of the year versus sales in the second half of the year, then you look at operating profit above the tax line in the first half of the year versus operating profit in the second half of year, it's a 50-50 split. AMETEK traditionally is a 48-52 split. And that's why we think really derisked the year with that 50-50 split in the second half. Now we still have some seasonality in our business. Historically Q4 because the seasonality is always higher than Q3, and we have a typical seasonality there. And again, as Dalip mentioned, we have the benefit of the tax rate in Q4. But we really feel we derisked the year to reflect the current environment, and we think it's going to stay that way through the balance of the year.
Dave Zapico: Yes. No, you see it right. We moved back up in 2025 to our typical tax rate. We haven't done our planning for 2025, but based on where we're sitting, that's what we would expect.
Dave Zapico: Yes. If I didn't cite it, I should have said the process and power seeing similar activities. I mean, in the power segment, we have some power test and measurement businesses and they sell to multiple markets, including the government customers and there's a little delay there in projects, but we're very well positioned those are just delayed and process is a bit larger and it's more - it's - but it's kind of the same thing. But that was only the change in sales from all of EIG and - which is both process power.
Dave Zapico: No, I think that on the defense side, for our A&D business, we kept the guide for the year, the same, like plus high single digits. So what we saw in the second quarter was a very good commercial and had some defense delays. But for full year, we're saying that defense and commercial is still going to be the same. They're going to be up high single digits. So there's - doing very well there. As you said, there's good margins in our A&D segment, and we feel confident in that segment.
Dave Zapico: We are typically a small portion of the project and with good technology, a small part of a bigger project. It's a nice place to be. In terms of pricing, we have very differentiated technology. And we're conscious of the value that we're adding. What you'll typically see in most classic downturns is they may mix down. They may buy our project, buy our product, but it will maybe have less, features, because we're pretty good position with the customer base and our positions in our niche portfolio. We're not seeing that now. And we're not seeing the activity pipeline change. So I think on the - we're typically smaller projects typically priced for value and we do a lot of investment in our portfolio. So I think delays are more just related to the general macro that we talked about with Dean, about the elections and some of the uncertainty with the geopolitical issues but we went through the - we're confident we're not losing share. We're confident that our pipelines are very strong. So it's a temporary delay.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think - we don't anticipate another charge. I mean that doesn't mean we won't change our mind, but we don't anticipate any other charges that will be clear. That's clear. Yes, that activity is going on now. So we're in process of improving that business, so fixing that business. So making it run as efficiently as AMETEK does. And we have a team of Paragon people and a team of AMETEK people and a team of our operational excellence, talent across the business, all working on the project. And the response is very, very solid to it. So I think that's ongoing and it will occur through the balance of this year. I think next year, you'll start to see the benefits of it. But the project, if you recall, goes up two or three years, as we continue to improve it. So I think the, next year, you have a sizable improvement, because expect the volumes to come back from the - destock, combined with the OpEx work that's going on combined with some new product introductions that we're heavily investing in the phase-in. So it's unfortunate that we have this destock downturn right now, but we couldn't be happier with the business.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think there - it's different because there's a lot of customers and a lot of different market segments. But in general, I think you're getting back to pre-COVID levels, there might be slightly higher because of some of the geopolitical things that happened and the supply chains becoming more regional and less dependent on Asia. So it could be a bit higher. But in general, I believe that the general statement across the customer base, they're trying to get back to something at the pre-COVID level. They might be a bit higher for some of the other geopolitical issues going on.
Dave Zapico: Sure, Andrew. No, you didn't miss it. We saw a modest growth in Europe in the second quarter, and we saw a low single-digit declines in both the U.S. Asia. Go a step lower. We had low single-digit in the U.S. We actually had strong growth in our Materials Analysis division or A&D businesses but our automation business was down a bit. Europe was up low single-digit. Again, weakness in our automation business, offset by strong growth in process. And for Asia, we were down low single digits, pretty difficult comps in China. China was down a bit. But when you look at Asia, excluding China, it was flat. So it's kind of a flat world. But we are seeing some improvements in Europe.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think right now, we're levered to both of them. But in our second quarter, our semiconductor business was up, and it was up because we had strong growth in our CAMECA business, and you think about that business, they're doing next-generation defect detection. And it's kind of like you're going to want one of these CAMECA systems in just about every new fab. And then we also have the strong benefits from our Zygo business. And there, we're one of the few businesses that can operate with technology in the EUV, the extreme EUV, and that's more of the transitioning to smaller nodes. So right now, what you see is even though the market was down tremendously, there's a lot of R&D activity to get at the node transitions, to get us some of the - to be able to detect defects at these smaller nodes. So we're going very well there driven by the uniqueness of our product portfolio. But then when the market picks up, we also have a good part of our business is tied to the - just the rate production. So, it feels pretty good for us in terms of moving into next year, Steve.
Dave Zapico: We don't - I don't have that level of resolution for next year. We do sell into the Chinese market. It's typically lower technology products, has been healthy this year.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think the - we're doing a lot of work on the cost structure. They have excess capacity in plants - so that work is going on right now. And we took the charges also some expenses related to doing things that are non-accruable that we're spending. And then more importantly, there's a lot of new product introductions that are going on that we're spending that - spending on right now that are very, very solidly positioned for Paragon. You talk about the accretion for this year, it's a couple of pennies and it's in the fourth quarter.
Dave Zapico: The overall orders were up 1.5%. Organic orders were down 4%. That's improved from what we saw in Q1 where we were down organically minus 10 and we saw a sequential improvement in orders in Q2. So they're up low-single-digits from Q1. So we're definitely seeing stability in orders. And the cadence…
