Dave Zapico: Right, I appreciate the question. We’re expecting solid growth in 2019. But we do expect the growth to moderate compared to 2018 and the growth is moderating a bit because of the global uncertainties and the trade tensions but we expect to continue to grow nicely. And certainly the comparisons will make it more difficult. We just completed eight quarters with average organic growth of 6% and six straight quarters with a positive book-to-bill. So and we ended the year with a record backlog. So overall we feel very good about the environment where we're operating in, and we feel good what we're hearing from our businesses and our customers and we continue to see solid underlying demand and we're positioned to perform very well in this environment and we're executing very well. But there is a little bit of global uncertainty and our guidance takes that into account.
Dave Zapico: Yes, the M&A backlog looks great. We just completed a record year and I think the pipeline looks equivalent to what it looked like as we entered 2018. So for 2019 we have a very strong pipeline. Over time, we have an opportunistic view of share purchases and we see the market adjust like it did in the fourth quarter and we have a strong balance sheet. We thought it was a good time to buy back some shares. And in the past that has been a good investment for AMETEK shareholders when we made that decision.
Dave Zapico: When you think about our balance sheet, Nigel, we entered 2018 with a debt-to-EBITDA of about 1.95% -- of 1.95%. We end 2018 at the same level, 1.96%. So we deployed over $1.5 billion on acquisitions and M&A and we still have the same debt-to-EBITDA. So it's really the strong balance sheet, the strong cash flow generation and generating capability of the company and the fact that we can control our own destiny to a certain degree.
Dave Zapico: Right, great question. The list 3 is built into our guidance, so we assumed in March 1st that the tariff would go to 25%, that's built into our guide and as I said in the prepared remarks, we feel comfortable that we will be able to offset the impact of tariffs completely. And regarding to China, China is an important market for us, it's about 9% of our sales and China grew nicely in the quarter, it drove overall Asia growth of 12% and there was a bit higher than the overall Asia growth and certainly the trade situation with China has a complexity that we're watching very closely. So far we continue to grow nicely but we're going to continue to monitor that. As I've said before the reality is that we produce products that China market needs to upgrade their manufacturing capability to monitor to nuclear power plants and help clean up their environment. We are expecting growth to moderate in 2019 more in line with AMETEK's overall growth but we feel good about that level of growth in China for 2019.
Dave Zapico: Sure, Matt. As you will recall, during the year we increased our pricing as we got ahead of tariffs and inflation and Q4 was misolate [ph] Q3. Q4 we had an excellent quarter, we achieved a bit more than 2% of price across our entire portfolio. Total inflation was about 1.5%. So we're very pleased with these results and we think we're well-positioned to continue the trend in 2019. Specifically for 2019, we're expecting about two points of price and about the same level on total inflation about 1.5 points. So the results speak to the highly differentiated nature of our AMETEK portfolio and our leadership position in niche markets and our focus and determination to make sure we stay in front of the global changing environment. So we're feeling good about pricing going into 2019.
Dave Zapico: Yes, robotics and automation was a driver of the EMG growth but it was more broad-based on that. I mean we had really solid growth in the military aerospace business and we also saw solid growth on our EMED business. So pretty much all components of the EMG were firing in all cylinders in the fourth quarter.
Dave Zapico: Right, our growth investments, incremental growth investments for 2019 are up about 7% versus 2018 and we're going to invest incrementally about $80 million in growth investments and they're going to be across incremental sales opportunities, incremental marketing opportunities, and incremental engineering opportunities. And then they're in three buckets and they are probably about equally spread across those buckets.
Dave Zapico: We were -- we -- for 2018, we have excellent operating income margins, we had about 110 basis points of expansion ex-acquisitions and the core incrementals were about 35%. And we think about 2019 we're back to about 34, 30 to 40 basis points of operating income margin expansion and we're back to about the incrementals of 30% to 35%, there's really nothing driving that except there's -- we're going to see how the year gets started and but we feel good about the way the company is performing and the margin performance of the company.
Dave Zapico: I don't think it does, Chris it is kind of in our D&A. I mean we go around to each of our businesses and we look at cost reductions as an element of our core operating environment and then there's always new acquisitions that come into the fold that provide some new opportunities. So I think we're solid for 2019. And when I look long-term, I think as long as we keep executing our strategy they will remain evergreen opportunities.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I think our aerospace and defense businesses has had an outstanding fourth quarter. I mean a lot of it is what you see across other businesses. Our sales were up high teens on a percentage basis in the quarter and the growth was driven by very strong organic growth. Our organic growth was 10% on our aerospace business in the fourth quarter. We had similar for the first three quarters a year, we continue to see solid and balanced growth across aerospace markets with notable strength across both commercial and military businesses and so we're feeling good about our aerospace business.
Dave Zapico: Yes, great question, Brett. Q4 played out like a typical Q4. We strengthened in the Q4 and December was our strongest month in terms of orders and sales. So that's pretty typical for us and we had a very strong December as we anticipated. When you look at January recently completed our orders were right on plan. So we feel real good about January orders and then across the board, across all business, they came in on plan, so we feel good about that too.
Dave Zapico: We have it. If you look at our debt profile, most of it is fixed debt with some balance on the revolver. So given the new private placement in December and the heavy acquisition and share repurchase activity in the fourth quarter, you'll see an increase probably upwards of close to 10% in interest expense year-over-year. And given that most everything of our debt is fixed, you'll see modest deleveraging as we pay down our revolver. But again that's really going to depend on the pace of acquisition activity as we go through the year or so. Our full expectation is we'll continue to be very active on the deal front and deleveraging won't be a factor.
Dave Zapico: Yes, it all comes down to our cash flow and we have strong cash flows or consistent cash flows and it's just another window into our financials that will allow our shareholders to better understand the strength of those cash generating capabilities. And as you said it aligns more comparably with our acquisitive peers. But it doesn't change how we're operating the business, it doesn't change how we're valuing deals, we always value deals on a cash basis anyhow. So really it's additional information, a different window into the business that will provide our investors with that view. And we've got most people that we talk to want to go cash EPS, some a minority, were not fans of it, but net-net the aggregate it was a good decision for us because we didn't want to disadvantage everyone versus our peers.
Dave Zapico: We're an asset-light business and we spend less than 2% of sales historically on CapEx and the $100 million ends up being about 1.9% of sales and they're really good projects across our businesses and it makes sense to fund them and they're all have excellent returns. So I think there is a commitment to do that and our businesses have good plans. So we're bigger business, we acquire some businesses, there is some investments that are needed to be made still within the context of being asset-light business and spending less than 2% of sales on capital.
Dave Zapico: Yes, usually the returns on internal CapEx are much higher. But there is a process that is a similar metrics on returns and they come bottom up from our businesses and we evaluate them during the budget process and that's where we ended up this year.
Dave Zapico: Sure, Rob, and we are glad to have you back and I will go around the horn. I talk about aerospace a little bit and so I will start with our process businesses and we finished the year with an excellent fourth quarter. The overall sales order were up mid teens driven by contributions from the acquisitions of SoundCom, Forza, Telular, and Spectro Scientific. Organic sales were up mid-single-digits in the quarter with particularly strong growth across our materials analysis business. And for 2019 we expect another solid year for our process businesses with organic sales expected to be at mid-single-digits. Our automation and engineered solutions business has closed out the year with another excellent quarter with organic sales up high-single-digits in the fourth quarter. Our Dunkermotoren continues to deliver excellent results as their growth funnel is driving exciting new applications in precision motion control. Additionally, as I mentioned before our engineered solution businesses are seeing continued solid demand across our key markets. And in 2019, we expect solid mid-single-digit organic growth across our automation and engineered solutions business. And that brings me to power and industrial. Overall sales for power and industrial were up mid-single-digits driven by contributions from recent acquisitions of Arizona Instrument and Motec. Organic sales were down low-single-digits in the quarter against a difficult prior year comparison for our power instrumentation business. And for 2019, we expect low-to-mid-single-digit of growth with balanced growth across our power and industrial. So if you look at our different market segments we are expecting mid-single for process, mid-single for aerospace, low-to-mid for power and industrial and mid-single for automation and engineered solutions.
Dave Zapico: Yes, sure, Rob. In the fourth quarter, our oil and gas was up mid-single-digits, our upstream was up mid-teens and our mid and downstream was flat. It was precipitous decline and then a significant increase in the quarter; it really didn't impact business conditions much for us. For all of 2019, we expect our oil and gas business to grow mid-single-digits, and we expect the upstream to be up high-single-digits, and mid and downstream to be up low-to-mid-single-digits, so moderating growth but still solid for our oil and gas businesses.
Dave Zapico: Yes, metals business was up a bit higher than EMG. So EMG we had solid growth and specialty metals had a good quarter. And for 2019, we expect it to be in line with AMETEK growth, so we're seeing strong markets, the end markets there are aerospace, medical, specialized industrial so that business is doing well and we're expecting it to continue in 2019 at a somewhat moderating basis.
Dave Zapico: Right, Rob, in terms of selection, it really comes down to being in a near adjacency, I mean, our existing presence and we look for product differentiation, we look for service differentiation, that's the number one attribute. And in terms of how we add value to deals, we have a long track record of taking businesses that are 10% to 15% EBITDA and then doubling the margins and over the course of three to five years and really it's all of the above in terms of how we do it, we have seasoned operators that are very experienced in M&A and very experienced in improving the businesses. And we -- the playbook that we develop can be based on improving organic growth in terms of exporting global opportunities that can be based on improving gross margins by global sourcing, it can be based on reducing G&A, it can be -- there's a whole playbook and certainly pricing is one thing that we think we have some insight into these markets and know what price can be paid and what the customers are willing to pay. So we do, we have a very well defined process, it results in custom playbooks for each business, we have excellent process capability and so, process capability across deal closing and across deal modeling, diligence and integration. And I think our secret sauce is our very strong business operators that are well ran in the AMETEK business system and they provide ownership for delivery of the financial metrics for each individual deal and none of that has changed. And we have a great class of businesses that joined AMETEK in 2018 and we are looking forward to improving them in 2019 and we also have a strong pipeline to looking at bringing into the company. So we feel very good about the M&A opportunities for AMETEK.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I think the biggest market that's driving the strong performance are our process analytics instrumentation businesses and it's chiefly because their primary products allow customers to enhance their manufacturing capabilities. So as China moves up the value chain and wants to do more sophisticated manufacturing, our process businesses provide that capability through their instrumentation. So that's the primary reason that we've been doing so well in China. And as I said we think the growth is going to moderate but we still feel good about the market.
Dave Zapico: Well, thank you, Andrew. Deal sourcing is a competitive advantage for AMETEK. We have in our niche presence is we dedicate resources to developing a pipeline of deals. So some of our deals come through the typical auction process but some of our deals are privately sourced by businesses that see how we operate in the niche markets that we're in. So and we have a dedicated we have about nine, nine or 10 M&A professionals, there's 10 actually, 10 M&A professionals who work closely with our businesses and they identify strategic acquisitions and we have people dedicated to the field to, so it's a business process, it's not just an event and that process allows us to build off an intangible asset of these pipeline of deals that we follow over years. So we're looking to acquire them, they see how we operate and we're preferred buyers. So it's really a long-term commitment to the markets that we operate in and good knowledge about the targets and the pipeline, as I said, look so strong now as it did entering last year and last year we had a record year.
Dave Zapico: Yes, sure, Josh. If we go back our oil and gas exposure was peak at about $400 million. And right now total exposure is about $290 million. So it's about 6% of the company and about $290 million, so we are still well off our peak and of our presence about one-third of that is U.S. and two-third of it is international and about 25% of it is upstream and 75% is mid and downstream. And what we're seeing in the markets pretty typical of oil and gas expansion, the upstream starts as you come out of a cycle and then it transitions to mid and downstream and we have a bigger mid and downstream presence. So we're expecting the mid and downstream to pick up a little bit this year. So we're feeling pretty good about our oil and gas presence right now and we think we're well positioned.
Dave Zapico: It’s a great question, if you look at the last two acquisitions we did with Telular and Spectro Scientific, there is both a recurring theme in both of those businesses that's tied to the software, this is tied to the data and it's -- I think with Telular we have about 65% recurring revenue and with Spectro about 25% recurring revenue. And in both cases they're dealing with information, they're dealing with algorithms; they are dealing with making the information and solving customer problems. So it's definitely a focus for us and we have a tremendous growing software capability, we've been investing in over many years we're about 150 engineers in India developing software for us in Bangalore. So we have a good internal capability and with our acquisition profile it's certainly something that we're looking at and the recurring nature is something that is key for us to grow in AMETEK.
Dave Zapico: Yes, for the full-year 2018 on the top-line FX was a benefit of about a point. But for 2019 the full-year FX is a negative 1%. And then when we move to the bottom-line, as we've communicated in the past we're largely naturally hedged at the profit line given the general balance of revenues and costs across currencies. So you won't see a meaningful impact either way on our profitable results from the FX movements, so that's how we model the year and that's been the history of how the business has resulted in operations.
Dave Zapico: Yes, we had a good year in 2018 and we had a good year in Q4, our incrementals were solid at 40%, with our EIG business around 50% and our EMG business around 30%. And then for 2019 we are expecting good solid incrementals but more in the 30% or 35% range.
Dave Zapico: When you think about Dunkermotoren and think automation and the global macro trends and automation is really a secular trend. So Dunkermotoren is a really strong backlog and is performing exceptionally well. And as I said with oil and gas, it's -- we are positioned now with larger mid and downstream presence to do quite well and that business is performing very well and we're quite a way from our peak so feeling pretty good about that.
Dave Zapico: Yes, that's pretty much maybe a little bit better growth in the U.S. but pretty much all geographies are growing at 3% to 5% range.
Dave Zapico: Yes, our medical exposure is about 13%, 14% of sales and you have to work with Kevin on the food exposure. I'm not a legal expert coming out. So that's combining our process businesses and actually shows up a little bit about in our automation businesses also. But it’s a growing presence and but the medical, the healthcare business is about 13%, 14% of sales and it's performing well for us.
Dave Zapico: We are expecting growth in all four segments and our guide is positive mid-single-digit growth and we're still seeing strong business in the military and commercial side. So business jet is going to have a solid year but we think we are going to have more strength in commercial and military.
