Dave Zapico: Yeah. Sure, Matt. Overall, orders were up 3% in the quarter. Organic orders were down negative 2.5%. And if I look at that by group, the EIG organic orders remain solid. They were positive. Solid across most of EIG portfolio, aerospace, process, medical. EMG orders were down, mainly due to our automation business and Asia. As we highlighted last quarter, we're experiencing soft conditions in those two areas and – which continued into quarter three.
Dave Zapico: Right, right. Yeah. Our Materials Analysis business that Gatan will become a business unit of, has had an existing Life Science presence and it's been a small presence and we haven't talked about it much, but certainly with Gatan they're – in market they're a 50-50 split between life sciences, so biology, cancer research and then material sciences. So it fits our existing profile. But it does add life sciences capability and we really like that. And with their technology and what their market exposures, there's really attractive growth opportunities. We think it's a mid to high single-digit grower. I mean, when I think about the Gatan business, it's a very differentiated technology business. It's a sizable transaction with strong profitability for AMETEK shareholders will get a good return on capital. It's a premier brand. We followed this business for a long time. It's a premier brand. They have highly specialized intellectual properties over 150 patents in the business and a strong management team. They’re staying with the business so we're pleased about that. And it's a business that is dependent on new product introductions. So we're going to have to work on the new product introduction cycle because that drives a lot of growth. And I think you can expect it to fit into MAD and MAD is performing very well for AMETEK. So it's a great add to MAD. So we're very excited about the acquisition.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Sure Deane. Asia was down for us by -- I'll start with the geography question. Asia was down mid-single digits and that was driven by China, so very similar to quarter two for us. So, it was really the same trend. Our automation business did not weaken sequentially. It was the same trend. But at the same time, the other geographic results were similar to the second quarter. We were up mid-single digits with broad-based growth in the U.S., and in Europe we were up mid-single digits and we have aerospace and our oil and gas business and really a lot of businesses did well in Europe. So the -- it felt like Q2, the weakness played into Q3 continue to -- didn't get weaker. And we did see a little bit of incremental industrial weakness that showed up in our Power and Industrial business in quarter three. But overall when you think about our portfolio, our Aerospace business is very strong. Our Process businesses are rock solid. And our medical business is holding up well. And we have a weakness in automation in Asia and then we have a bit of incremental Industrial weakness and that's the full picture that we have.
Dave Zapico: Right. I'll start with the insight in 2020. As is typical for this time of the year, we're not going to give guidance for 2020 as you know Deane, and during November and December, we're going to sit down with our teams and work with the businesses to build a bottom-up budget and this will include a detailed review of our niche markets, which are sometimes different than the overall macro. And the risks and opportunities that our businesses see in their 2020 business plan. I think in terms of operating in this kind of environment with trade tensions and customers hesitant to spend and ordering patterns changing a bit in terms of just giving an order for what you need versus giving you a longer-term outlook at something there are some issues to deal with. But AMETEK is ideally suited to thrive in this environment because we have the OpEx capability, it's in our DNA and we have the M&A driver. And we're going to put those two elements of our strategy to work and succeed in the current environment. That's the way we're looking at it and that will go into our 2020 planning.
Dave Zapico: October, yes. Yeah, I'll get back to that. Yeah, throughout the quarter, we looked at our orders and they were okay in July. They stepped up a bit in August as we typically have. And then September sometime when -- September was stronger than August, but we didn't get the big spike of orders in September. So it was a bit muted. It was still better than August. So we had a normal stair-step through the quarter. And then October starting out right on plan, so October feels better, a lot like the first quarter of the first month of Q2 ,so -- and Q3. So we got this trend where we're stepping up by month of the quarter, but it's a bit muted usually in the last month of the quarter.
Dave Zapico: Yeah, sure. I mean, every slowdown is a bit different Josh. So basing performance on the prior slowdown is often -- is not going to work out. But what we see is we really have as I mentioned to Deane earlier, we have elements of our portfolio that are continuing to perform very well. Our Aerospace business is strong and that's strong across all segments of Aerospace, and we have some good wins in Aerospace that we're going to continue to benefit from. Our Process and Analytical instrumentation, we added some healthcare to that and that's holding up very well for us. The commodity parts of our businesses that were about 22% of our sales before we head into the 2015, 2016 downturn. They're down around 16% of our businesses, because we grew around them. At the same time, those businesses are performing well right now. So this doesn't feel like the prior downturn for us. And -- but there is -- this one is -- I'll call it self induced and it's different. And it's really trade-related to start at it, and it's affecting the customer behavior because of that. And what we're going to do is whatever the economy brings to us; we're going to operate well in it. And we think we're well-positioned with our operational excellence capability. And we have the M&A driver and it's working very well. So, we're -- like I said before, we're looking to outperform in the current environment.
Dave Zapico: Right, right. Yes, you said, we had excellent margin performance in the quarter and it was primarily overall excellent execution. I mean we had good price in the quarter, excellent cost reductions, the plant efficiencies were fantastic, and we had the incremental contribution margin on the incremental sales. So, we plan to keep executing that way. I don't know if the margins are going to continue at that level. We certainly -- the way we think about our business is we think we're going to get 30 to 40 basis points of core margin expansion every year and that's kind of built into our operating model. And that's built into the way we think about operational excellence long-term. So, there's cost reduction drivers that we have in our business that -- and we pull those levers and there's plenty of runway on margins. So, that's how we think about it.
Dave Zapico: Right. So, talk about -- we own Gatan for two months and we have about $35 million of sales in our forecast over those two months. And we're planning that to be neutral to Q4 earnings at the cash EPS level. I mean, we have -- there's purchase accounts, there's a lot of inventory in the business. So, the inventory step-up charges are significant. We have all the deal costs. We have higher interest expense, one-time charges. And as a matter of fact, Q4 was front-end loaded per Gatan's forecast. So, when you take the $35 million that we're forecasting and what we think Gatan did in October, really quarter-over-quarter; it's about the same as it did last year. And the management team is -- they've been through a lot. They've been through an extended sales process. There's a lot of integration activity and -- but we're going to push forward with a Q4 equal to last year's Q4, which was good.
Dave Zapico: So, broad-brush, our aerospace business is about 35% military, about 30% third-party MRO, about 25% commercial, and that's equally split between the OEM and the proprietary spare parts that come from that and about 10% of the business jet market. And the aerospace business for us, in Q3 the whole business was up high single digits. It was strong in all segments. Our commercial business in Q3 was up mid-teens. So we had strong OEM sales to the Airbus 320 platform, the 787, the LEAP and GTF engines are doing well. Our third-party MRO business had an excellent quarter, up high single digits. Our military business was up high – mid-single digits. So solid demand in both the U.S. and international programs, our strength in missiles, radar systems, general spending tied to improving fleet readiness, and our business jet market was up high teens. And at easier comp, but it was up high teens. So we really had a fantastic performance in our aerospace business in the quarter. And the backlogs are very solid. And to your specific question, our aftermarket was very solid in Q3, and we're not seeing a sign of a slowdown.
Dave Zapico: I think, the biggest disconnect there is, we have a pretty healthy backlog. So it's about a $1.63 billion backlog at the end of Q3, and it provides some conversion opportunities. And the balance of our business besides the aerospace and defense business, we're probably going through a quarter, needing about 50% of the orders to make the quarter, but we have some visibility in our aerospace and defense businesses. And we're operating the company well, and we're able to convert on them. So we feel comfortable with our guide. And we have – cautious, given the global macro conditions. And -- but our factories are executing extremely positively right now. So I feel very confident that if there's incoming orders or opportunities in our backlog to execute on it, we can. And that's how you bring together a flat to slightly declining order picture and combine it with growing organically.
Dave Zapico: Yeah, there's a changing order pattern that we saw in the quarter. And typically, a customer will give you a purchase order with three or six month’s visibility. And now when they're giving us a replenishment purchase order, they're really giving it month-to-month, just what they need. So there is an element of the global macro conditions that are impacting our order input. But our cycle times are reduced, and our factory execution is really good. So we're able to deal with that on and turn things very quickly. But certainly, there is a change in the ordering environment that wasn't there six months ago.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. There's no OpEx savings in the final two months for Gatan. It's organic savings, we boosted our material savings from -- up to $70 million. That was the $5 million increase in -- with all the tariff activity. We have a world-class sourcing organization. And they're executing on it, resourcing the products at a faster rate than we thought they would, and we're getting incremental savings from it because we're finding lower cost in other places in the world. So it's -- that's what's driving the savings up to the $90 million. It's all material cost savings.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Sure, sure. It’s obvious question, and we're going to work with the Gatan team to come up with a plan that we both agree with, because we think there are some opportunities, but we get buy-in from the management teams. But what we see is, it's more like a typical deal synergy for us. There's a lot of opportunity in the supply chain to reduce costs. There's eight remote sales and service offices, so a bigger than typical opportunity to benefit from the AMETEK G&A internationally. There's also opportunities to improve working capital. This business is running at a working capital level in the mid-20s, and our equivalent business is running at about 14% in materials analysis. AMETEK's overall working capital is about 18.2% in the quarter. So we add that all up, the cost synergy from the supply chain, the substantial synergy from the international offices, the ability to reduce working capital and we think it's going to be a great return for our shareholders. We think we'll get a return on invested capital of 10% in year 3, and we're excited about it.
Dave Zapico: Right. Yes. Naturally, the business is a bit lumpy. And -- but they're direct detection cameras, they're fantastic technologies. They were -- and they've really enabled a new technique called CRY OEM; cryo electron microscopy. And this technique is being developed for drugs and vaccines, and it's opened up the life sciences market to a greater degree for them. So they're really in the -- they have a good long-term demand driver, only about 10% of the business is aftermarket, but -- and it is a bit lumpy, and it's driven by new product cycles. So one of the things we're going to try to do is increase the velocity of the new product cycles, but we'll deal with a bit of lumpiness. And we like the business a lot.
Dave Zapico: Yes. Q3 was much like the first half of 2019. We had an excellent quarter. So we achieved a little bit more than 2 points of price across our entire business. Total inflation and the impact of tariffs was a bit less than 1.5%. So we're very pleased with the results and they speak to the highly differentiated nature of our product portfolio. We have leadership positions in the niche markets around the globe, and it's playing itself out in these uncertain times.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I could. If you look at the market segments and automation and engineered solutions, so they already got the automation business is about half of it and Engineered solutions, which is basically is about the other half of it. So we had solid growth in the EMIP business. It was up I think it was up mid-single digits in the quarter, and automation was down. And overall, it was up low single digits for the quarter. So really, the EMIP business is performing very well. And as we mentioned, we have a problem in -- with the slowdown in our automation business. And when you think about our thermal Management Systems business, that's the other business in there. They had a solid quarter, in line with our aerospace business. .
Dave Zapico: I mean the end markets for EMIP, our aerospace and medical and specialized industrial. So that mid-single-digit growth was across all those markets. So they really done well.
Dave Zapico: That's a great question, Rick. And I'll start with the point that we have people running the businesses that are good operators of the businesses. And we're going to go through a budget process with each of our business units. And you can see in the results, they're already naturally reacting to the changing global conditions. And right now, this feels for – this feels like a – for Bill and I, like a business-to-business discussion. So we're going to sit down with these budgets, and we're going to understand the projects that they want to fund and what makes sense for AMETEK to fund and what makes sense for their businesses to act on. And right now, it seems like a business-to-business decision. But if it turns into a broader alignment, if it certainly weakens further. We're not there yet, but that's an option, and we're going to really explore that in detail during November and the beginning part of December. And the important thing for us is that we're going to continue to invest in attractive opportunities that and make our core stronger, and that's our talent development, our innovation but we're really good at managing costs. And we'll have a good, healthy discussions during our budget process, and I expect that it will be a business-to-business discussion, and the businesses will come with opportunities to us to...
Dave Zapico: That's a good question, Rick. And we're going to have that detail when we go through our budget, but my feeling is that the pricing power of our portfolio is something that – through up cycles or down cycles, is there. And I think the level of pricing offsetting cost and inflation in tariffs is going to stay. So I'd be very surprised if pricing did not exceed inflation in tariffs in 2020.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think it's possible. It has to do with – to Rick's question, the prior question, the level of pricing that you get and the level of acquisition synergies that we're executing on. But if you have a modestly declining order input, yes, you can expand margins like that. It won't be like the margins that you see in the second quarter, but certainly an up margin trajectory as possible.
Dave Zapico: Yes. The metals business, as you know, the nature of that business is we have less visibility into the -- that the inventory levels at the various customers than we do in our other business. So, our end markets right now are driving that business and aerospace and medical still feels solid. So, that will be something that we look at closely during the budget and at the end of the next quarter to understand what's happening there.
Dave Zapico: Sure. It's really the comment that I made before. Q3 felt very similar to Q2, but we did see some incremental weakening in our industrial businesses. And when we go into next year, we're going to have a clear view of that once we work through our budget process with all of our businesses because we have some niche exposures that are a little bit different than the overall macro, and we have to understand that. But certainly, the aerospace business feels very solid right now.
Dave Zapico: Yes, Andrew, I think you might have your numbers wrong. If you go back and look at it, we paid about the same. We paid the identical amount that Thermo paid for the business and it has about 20% more than the EBITDA now. So, the multiple is lower.
Dave Zapico: Yes, that's a great question. Telular is performing well and we're very pleased with the business. They've come into AMETEK with lot of energy in terms of the integration. And we have a process where we're taking that IoT technology to some specific businesses and we've developed a broader thought process of applying it to other businesses within AMETEK that should be aware of the technology. So, it's going very well. We're very pleased with that management team and we're counting on them for 2020. It's going to be one of the drivers for AMETEK.
Dave Zapico: Sure thing, Rob. And we've covered a lot of this in the call already, but I'll just go through it all. So be a bit of a rehash. Our process businesses delivered an excellent quarter. We talked about overall mid-teens on a tonnage basis, mid-single-digit organic growth, and we had the acquisitions of Forza, Telular and Spectro Scientific and our Materials Analysis business, again, delivered particularly strong organic growth in the quarter. And they're seeing positive results from the organic growth initiatives. So for all of 2019, we continue to expect our process businesses that have organic sales up in the mid-single-digit range. And we talked a bit about our aerospace business. They performed exceptionally well again in the third quarter was strong and balanced growth across all the businesses. Our overall sales were up high – up 10%, driven by high single-digit organic growth. So we have the contribution from the acquisition of Pacific Design Technologies in there. And similar to the first half, growth in the third quarter was broad-based. And I'd highlight a couple of our businesses, but it was a commercial OEM and third-party MRO, they had very good quarters, and we expect to continue to have mid- to high single-digit organic growth for all of 2019, with balanced growth across each of the markets. And our Power and industrial segment, they were down slightly in the third quarter, driven by weakness in our industrial business. And for all of 2019, we now expect roughly flat organic sales, driven by incremental weakness in our industrial businesses. We had a good, good quarter for our power business improving, but they're industrial power and industrial weakened a bit, and that's what we talked about in the quarter. And our automation and engineered solutions up low single-digits in the quarter. Again, solid growth across engineered solutions, offset by weakness in our automation business. So for all of 2019, we now expect low single-digit organic sales growth for our automation and engineered businesses. And that's around the horn run.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think the – our price – we had about two points of price a little better than two points and similar expectation to continue for Q4. Okay.
