David Zapico: Yes. Sure, Matt. Really, when we think about our guidance for organic growth in 2020, we're really assuming the same activity level that we saw in the fourth quarter and similar run rates expected throughout all of 2020. So there isn't a back-end hockey stick at all on our forecast. It follows a pretty typical H1, H2 of AMETEK. And now in terms of what it will look like as you proceed through the year, you'll have some negative organic growth comps during the first quarter - or the first half. But in terms of the level of activity, it's pretty linear sequentially and reflects the continuation of the pace of activity we saw in Q4 '19.
David Zapico: Sure, Matt. I'll start with our Process business. They completed an excellent year in 2019 with a solid fourth quarter. Overall sales were up high single digits driven by contributions from acquisitions of Telular, Spectro Scientific and Gatan. Organic sales were flat in the quarter, generally in line with our expectations. However, we did see some slower discretionary CapEx at year-end. For 2020, we expect organic sales to be roughly flat versus 2019 for Process. Next, Aerospace. Overall sales for Aerospace & Defense businesses were up low single digits in the fourth quarter driven by the acquisition of PDT. Organic sales were down low single digits against a very difficult comp with a plus 10% Q4 '18 in last year's fourth quarter. We saw excellent mid-single-digit growth across our Aerospace & Defense platform in 2019. In 2020, we expect another solid year of growth across our A&D businesses with organic sales up low to mid-single digits and balanced growth across each segment. Organic sales for our Power & Industrial businesses were up low single digits in the quarter, with particularly solid growth in our Programmable Power business. And for 2020, we expect organic sales to be roughly flat across Power & Industrial. And our Automation & Engineered Solutions business saw a mid-single-digit organic sales decline in the fourth quarter driven by continued softness across our global Automation businesses. In 2020, we expect our Automation & Engineered Solutions businesses organic sales to be roughly flat versus the prior year. That's the roundabout, Matt.
David Zapico: Okay. Yes. Our - we - in Q4, our Oil & Gas business was flat. There was some - it performed well. There was some project timing in the Middle East, but it had a flat performance. And for the full year, it was up mid-single-digits. And for '20 - for full year '20, we expect a flat performance, and we have a smaller upstream presence. Over 2/3 of our presence has been downstream. So it's about a 6% exposure for the whole company, about $300 million. And it's been growing, and we've grown around it. And the one point is, if you think back into the 2015, 2016 time period, the commodity-related businesses of AMETEK were 22% of our sales. After the - announcing the divestiture of Reading Alloys, that same commodity level businesses will be about 12% of our sales. So 6% oil and gas, 6% of metals. So we feel really good about our portfolio. We feel good about our exposures. And with the predominant Oil & Gas businesses in the mid and downstream, it looks solid. And we're still at that $50 an order, $50 a barrel level, when in past has been okay for us. So we're feeling pretty good about it, and we have some good projects that we're working on. And we have a good recurring revenue base in that part of the business.
David Zapico: If you want to understand that business, what really happened is the automation weakness continued, and the European automation was weaker than expected. So if you think back to last quarter, Europe was kind of strong, and Asia was the weak spot for automation. The U.S. - this quarter, the U.S. was positive. The weak spot was really Europe. So Europe and Asia maintained weakness, and that's really the story in the Automation business. Now a little bit of encouragement is in December and January, sequentially, the orders normalized. So we seemed to have found bottom, and we'll see if that continues. But it's pretty much a geographical issue where the European weakness was the unanticipated weakness in Q4.
David Zapico: Yes. The productivity expectation for 2020 is $90 million. So we began 2019 at $80 million. And through the year, we were - executed very well. We ended up at $95 million. But for 2020, for the start of the year, we set that at $90 million incremental. These are all incremental numbers. Those are incremental productivity numbers that you'll see working through the P&L.
David Zapico: Yes, sure. I'll go through the whole orders pitch. I mean, it was - orders growth 8 - up 8% in the quarter. Organic orders were down 2%. And both groups were down low single digits. And as I said before, the weakness was driven by the automation and weaker year-end discretionary CapEx spending. And we're seeing - now with January and into the late parts of December, we're seeing sequential orders stabilized with our Automation business. And we have a record backlog of $1.72 billion, and we have a book-to-bill of 1.07 in the quarter. So that's the whole picture on orders, Deane.
David Zapico: Yes. The first point, it's about 7% of our sales, and we're monitoring things very closely. And first and foremost, we're focused on the safety of our employees, well-being of our employees. And from a business perspective, as you know, the situation is very fluid and difficult to quantify, so our full year guidance is based on what we know now. And we do know that we don't have any significant operations in Wuhan and - nor any significant supply chain exposure to suppliers in the Wuhan City area. But we don't expect - we do expect there to be some delays in the global supply chain and some unanticipated consequences of the supply chain disruptions. So we'll monitor this closely. And we do have very global supply chain capability, so we'll adjust as possible and appropriate. It's very difficult at this point to assess any end demand risk without knowing the severity or longevity of the situation. And one point to highlight how fluid the situation is or - although our facilities in China have not reopened following the Lunar New Year, they'll reopen next week. One of our facilities is the Chinese government asked us to reopen to operate in order to provide support to a couple of medical device manufacturers that we have in China. We provide motion control solutions to our customers who supply medical equipment used to help to detect the coronavirus. So we're up and running today with a line to fill that need. So it's really changing all the time. And I think we've taken the steps to focus on the safety of both our employees in China and around the world. And as we learn more and we quantify it, we'll let you know what that is.
David Zapico: We do a strategic review every year, so we look hard at our portfolio. And Reading Alloys, as you mentioned, is a really good business. And it was just different for AMETEK. And it was more cyclical. And the value chain was different, where we didn't have the visibility that we have in our other businesses dealing with end customers. So it kind of stood out, and we made the decision to divest it. And it was a good decision. We still have a solid metals business, and we're very comfortable with our portfolio. And no other divestitures are planned at this time.
David Zapico: Yes, it's a great question, Josh. I mean, there are clearly some larger acquisitions on our pipeline, but there are also some smaller-sized acquisitions, too, more typical, and - like the IntelliPower one that you saw that we announced today. And as you know, acquisitions are our first priority for capital deployment. We want to deploy all of our free cash flow on M&A. And we had a successful 2019, and we had a successful 2018. If you look over those last 2 years, we completed 9 acquisitions. We deployed about $2.3 billion, and we acquired $610 million in sales. And I would say, our deal funnel remains consistent, so that we should be able to do the same kind of thing going forward. And we're - feels very good right now. We're evaluating a number of opportunities. As Bill mentioned, we have $1.4 billion of existing firepower with unused revolver capacity and cash. And even with these capital outlays, our - we're going to generate another - anticipate to generate another $1.1 billion in free cash flow. So we're very active. We have a team dedicated to it. The acquisitions at AMETEK are a combination of a set of well-defined processes, not a single event. And we have processes to develop the pipeline, and I feel really good about that right now.
David Zapico: Yes, I think it's a combination of both. The acquisitions do provide more opportunities. But at the same time, our growth model is very flexible. And when we get in times, like where the revenue starts to slow down, you saw it the last couple of quarters. We've been, business by business, looking at businesses and taking actions. And it's resulted in extremely strong execution and excellent margins. And we're continuing to get excellent pricing. We're continuing to get excellent productivity. So we really expect another strong year of execution in 2020, and it's really inherent in our model. We have operators that know how to run businesses through the cycle. And when the revenue line starts to waver a bit, then we know what to do. And we have a variety of contingencies planed. So I feel comfortable managing in this kind of environment.
David Zapico: With the trade deals that recently have been signed, there's a bit of a momentum building. And now you're dealing with the coronavirus situation. So it's kind of tough to get a read. But certainly, we're feeling some positive momentum building. And it felt like people were willing to spend. And now we just have to see the impact.
David Zapico: Yes. I mean, in the EMG, typically, parts of that business do have a slower fourth quarter historically, the calendar year. And it was relatively typical. The European Automation business was - we highlighted also on our Aerospace business, our military business is in the EMG segment, and that saw some program delays, that things were just delayed a bit. So - but as I said, the business has operated very well. We had excellent margin expansion. And certainly, that's - the Automation business has been challenged throughout the year, and the team there has done an excellent job of taking actions. And those are included in the results. We haven't spiked those out because it's just an individual business. That's what we do. And I - that's where we're at, at EMG. It's really automation-driven. It's European automation specifically, and there was a little bit of the military. That's just a timing issue. We have a very good backlog, but just a timing issue in Q4. In terms of the globe, we were solid growth in the U.S., while Europe and Asia were down in the quarter. So we had low single-digit growth in the U.S., particularly in Process and Power. And the Asia was down mid-single digits and similar to performance we had in Q3. And Europe was the change. And when we look at 2020, we expect the U.S. to do a little better. And maybe the international market is a little worse, but there is a small difference between them. So as I said, we set our plan for 2020 at the same activity level we saw in Q4. We feel pretty confident with that.
David Zapico: Yes. I think that also has the acquisitions in that, where you're booking the backlog of the acquisition. So I think if you normalize out for the acquisitions, it will be around 1 approximately.
David Zapico: That's a great question. I mean, certainly, it's a similar-type businesses that we're looking for. We're looking for businesses that are noncyclical, businesses that have a good percentage of recurring revenue. If we can't find those types of things, we're looking for the return in an existing - around an existing exposure. And we have teams out there beating the bushes, digging up potential deals in many of these companies we've been following for years and years, so - and when AMETEK is looking at buying a business, it's often the ownership - the private ownership they want to retire or they're trying to - it's not how the stock market is doing or things like that. And the example of IntelliPower, we had a CEO that wanted to retire. And we've been working with them for years. So that's more of the type of deals that we're going to get during this time, and there's a wide horizon. But we're looking in the health care area. We're looking to extend our Process and analytical businesses, Aerospace, Power, it's all the above. We won't buy any cost-driven businesses that went in the market on cost. We're looking for differentiated businesses. That's our key criteria. And because we've been doing this so long, we have approximately 11 people dedicated to it. We know what's going on, and we feel good about the pipeline now. It's always difficult to predict when you're going to do a deal, if it's next quarter or not or - but I feel really good about the pipeline right now.
David Zapico: Yes, sure. I mean, the big thing, we already have an existing presence in uninterruptible power supplies. And we sell it to the life sciences market, we sell it to the process market. And what IntelliPower brings is really those products, ruggedized uninterruptible power systems sold to mission-critical defense and industrial applications. So they're the largest supplier of ruggedized UPSs for the DoD. They serve a robust set of key programs and applications. Their products include UPS, power conditioners, external battery packs, power distribution units. And they're really a unique company in that they have a sole-source provider for numerous programs. They're on ships, land vehicles, ground stations, mobile networks, so with a blue-chip customer base. And they also have an industrial component that we think we can grow. So we're pretty happy with the acquisition, and there's a meaningful synergy opportunity. It's a mid-single-digit grower, strong visibility on revenue in the short term, solid management team remaining with the business, so we like the deal.
David Zapico: Those are in our EIG segment and in our Process segment. And that businesses - those businesses are holding up very well. We did see some - we usually see a year-end - some capital spending and capital pledge, where people spend their capital at year-end, and that was a bit lighter. But overall, those businesses are doing very well.
David Zapico: Right, great question. I mean, the business performed well. It was a bit better than our forecast. So we're very pleased with that performance. And we also announced the combination of Gatan with another business unit within AMETEK. So that was announced in January, and it will drive a substantial synergy as we have really the same customer base. And I would characterize the integration as proceeding very well.
David Zapico: Yes. I mean, the price that we got in the fourth quarter was much like full year '19. So we had a positive spread of about 50 bps and very pleased with the results. And for '20, we expect about a 50 bp spread. Now we think there might be slightly lower inflation, about 1%. And the pricing that we have built into our operating model is about 1.5 points. But we expect a 50 basis point spread, improving productivity for next year. And we're confident that we're going to be able to deliver that because we've been performing so well over the past couple of years. And it is a bit lower than 2019, and that's because the incremental impact from tariffs will be lower also.
David Zapico: I don't think it went negative, I don't think it went negative. I don't have those numbers in front of me. You can check with Kevin on that after the call, but I don't recall going negative at all.
David Zapico: Now it's a great question, Rob. I mean, the reality is we have a great pipeline, and we want to deploy our capital on M&A. And I think we're going to do that. But we look at our buyback strategy as more opportunistic. And we have a strong balance sheet. And if the - in the short term, there's overreaction from the marketplace, then we'll deploy our balance sheet to buybacks. But right now, we're focused on M&A.
David Zapico: Yes, that's a great question, David. I mean, they - we're on a lot of different programs and all commercial aircraft, military, business jets, so we're not dependent on any one aircraft. But specifically to your question, the 737 Max will be about a $10 million headwind in 2020, and that assumes a start-up of production based mid-year in our current build plan. So it's about a $10 million headwind versus 2018 - 2019, excuse me.
David Zapico: Yes, yes. The EMG bookings, like I had said previously, it was weaker as the quarter started. But the orders stabilized in December, and that continued in January. So we showed a typical - fairly typical ramp in Q4 for the entire business, and EMG was included in that. And then in January, we had a good order month, right in line with our plan. And as I said, sequentially, from December, January, it feels like the EMG automation orders have stabilized and - during that short time period.
David Zapico: Yes. The other thing, there's really another major factor, and I mentioned that earlier. We experienced weaker discretionary CapEx spend than we anticipated. And then the related point, and it's more of a sales issue versus an orders issue, was program delays in - and for military in our Aerospace business in the fourth quarter.
David Zapico: Yes. We try to put a plan together that deal with that by taking the run rates that we're currently at. So we didn't want a hockey stick budget, and we think we have that factored in. But there's clearly risks, and they're more macroeconomic risk than AMETEK's specific risk because the businesses are executing very well. We have a record backlog. We're going to be able to execute on that backlog. We had excellent pricing in the backlog. We're showing the capability to generate excellent productivity. So we're expecting another strong year of execution. And with our crystal ball, we called it flat. And we've tried to base the run rates based on 2019 because we don't like hockey stick plans. And that's where we're at, and that's our best attempt to moderate the guidance with the realities of the market.
David Zapico: Yes, we had 100 basis points in all of 2019. We had 90 basis points core margins in the fourth quarter. And in our plan, we have 30 to 40 basis points of margin improvement - core operating income margin improvement.
David Zapico: Yes. It's a profitable business, and we paid 9x EBITDA, so it's - you can figure that out. It's roughly a 30% EBITDA business. And we paid $150 million, approximately 3x sales. And we think there's a meaningful synergy opportunity, so we're going to get great return for our stakeholders.
David Zapico: No, I think our - the number is a little bit difficult for us to forecast. And I don't know what disclosure agreements we have with Boeing. I can say that we plan on starting our activity midyear, and it would be about a $10 million headwind, yes.
