David A. Zapico: Yeah. The stabilization comment was really related to 2016. And we had real weakness in our oil and gas and our metals business. And as we spoke to in the last couple of quarters, we saw them stabilizing, and is charting out just as we had predicted. So, we're feeling, this time last year, we're feeling a lot of uncertainty about those two markets. But we're feeling significantly different this year. We're feeling more positive, because we think our footing is on a solid ground, and those businesses sequentially have stabilized. We also feel good about the continuing organic orders growth in the business. I mean, when you look at the organic orders, they've slowly improved each quarter throughout 2016, and the fourth quarter of 2016 our organic orders were minus 1%, and our total orders was plus 1%. So we're feeling really good about that also. So those are a couple of factors looking at orders and looking at our markets that make us feel much more positive going into 2017 than we were going into 2016.
David A. Zapico: Right. We think we have a solid return for the deal. We're very excited to acquire Rauland, as I mentioned. The market has strong growth characteristics. It's a mid to high single-digit grower. It's a regulatory driven market. But it's also benefiting from some demographics in an aging population and a perpetual shortage of nurses. So they have some great demographics driving our business. There is high barriers to entry. There is high switching cost. Key driver is value based healthcare. Rauland products help their customers reduce cost and improve nurse productivity and efficiency, that's the core product offering they have. They're a leading provider of mission-critical communication systems. Their product mix is about 80% hardware, 20% software. Their primary product in healthcare is called the Responder series. It has extremely high market share in the United States in a good product cycle. It's really a good product cycle in terms of the new business and also the retrofit business they can win. They are a leader in the niche. Their competition is companies like Ascom, but that's mainly international. They are a strong leader in the U.S. market. When we think about the company, we think we can help them grow internationally. They have about 10% of their sales outside the U.S. and there is also some acquisitions that they wanted to acquire. And being privately owned by a family, they really didn't want to have that risk tolerance. So we think it's a great opportunity for AMETEK to fund the business to grow internationally and also look into additional acquisitions. So, we did a lot of market work on the business and the market study that came back for this business has some of the highest scores that we ever saw on customer satisfaction. So the people do a great job around our businesses and we think that we can add a lot of value to it and it will be a great deal for our shareholders.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Sure. It's less profitable to AMETEK obviously. It will be a – a mid-teens EBIT kind of number would be a good number to look at.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, it really does. There is a – we expect 2017 sales will be flattish, but we think the upstream business will be up a little bit, and the mid and downstream businesses will be down slightly to flat. So we expect a little bit of sales improvement throughout the year. It's similar to when we went in for the oil and gas downturn, the upstream goes down first. While we are coming out of it, the upstream is starting to pick up. But we'll expect the midstream and downstream markets to improve later in the year, and maybe even next year. So it will be flat to down slightly for mid and downstream and up for the upstream.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. January came in, in line with what we thought and organic growth for Q1 is down low single digits. We're feeling better, but we're really calling a transition from negative organic growth to positive organic growth. So we don't want to get ahead of ourselves, and we think the trend will improve for the year. But Q1 is down low single digits.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, sure. EIG had a great quarter, and EMG was down a bit, and the EMG margins were driven by mix in our EMIP business. That business has a little higher fixed cost than the average AMETEK. So when the orders are lower, they are going to – margins are going to drop a bit. But the positive thing is we saw positive orders growth. Actually, EMG orders turned positive in Q4, and when you look at sequentially from Q4 to Q3, we had 50% contribution on the incremental volume. So we had a great quarter. EIG did a little better, and EMG did a little worse.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, great question, Dean. About 10% to 20% of the business was aftermarket, and the aftermarket is evolving because software is becoming a more important product offering for the business and software upgrades will increase that in the future. The repeal of the ACA, we did a lot of work on that and it really in the middle and long-term does not impact the value proposition of Rauland. They are strong demand drivers and minimum risk in the near-term. The fundamental issue is that, they help nurses work more efficiently. They're in a sweet spot of driving value-based healthcare and we got very comfortable with it. However, we had the same concern, and we were concerned that the potential market uncertainly could cause some spending delays in the near-term, that the market pause with all the changes. So we expect it to be minimal, but to be prudent, we structured the deal as an earn out, tied to revenue levels within the first two years. So we feel we acquired an excellent business and we have protected – we've added a degree of protection to our shareholders and we feel confident that we will earn our return on capital in both outcomes, either outcome. But we think we're going to pay the earn out, and we think that business is going to perform.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The healthcare part was 90% and the education market is 10%. The education market is growing quite nicely. They have a new product called the Telecenter U and it's really involved in mission-critical communication. So, along with connecting classrooms and facilities across school districts, it also managed emergency communications for school districts, so it's seeing a good demand in the current environment.
David A. Zapico: When we were in Q3, we had a bit of a ramp projected for Q4 and we talked about we see some kind of year-end spending, little bit less than typical we expected it to occur and it occurred just like we thought. So, there's a little bit of year-end money returning to more typical patterns, but not like it was a few years ago.
David A. Zapico: It really hasn't affected our business that much. I mean, our acquisition pipeline is strong. We mentioned, with the Rauland deal, we had some additional market work to do there, but for most of our businesses, it seems that our pipeline work is going strong and there are ample people trying to sell the business, and ample buyers. So the market is still running at elevated pricing. It is still more money chasing deals, and we haven't seen any change in that in the last day since the election.
David A. Zapico: I'll start with the aerospace. The overall sales for our aerospace business were down mid single-digits in the quarter. Fourth quarter results were similar to the full year of solid organic growth across our commercial business was more than offset by continued weak markets in business jet and regional jets. Looking ahead to 2017, we expect our aerospace business to be up organically low single-digits to mid single-digits with growth across each of our aerospace segments. Our Process segment, organic sales were down mid-single digits in the quarter, driven largely by our oil and gas businesses, we talked about that. As expected, conditions stabilized in the quarter. Our Ultra Precision Technology business had another very solid quarter to cap an excellent year with notably strong growth in both our Creaform and TMC Precitech businesses. We are encouraged with the stabilization we're seeing on the Process segment and expect this will continue into 2017. And for all of 2017, we expect organic sales for our process businesses to be up low single-digits with organic growth for our oil and gas businesses roughly flat. In our Power and Industrial segment, overall sales were up 10%, driven by the contribution of the Brookfield Engineering acquisition. Organic sales were down mid single-digits in the quarter and in line with expectations. The weakness was largely a result of softness in the heavy truck market. Switching to 2017, we expect organic sales for Power and Industrial to be roughly flat with modest growth in Power offset by weakness in our Industrial. In our differentiated EMG businesses, they were down low single-digits in the quarter, with weakness driven by our Engineered Materials, Interconnect and Packaging businesses. As expected, conditions have stabilized across our EMIP businesses. And for 2017, we expect organic growth for all of differentiated EMG to be up low-single digits versus 2016, with our EMIP business expected to be flat. And finally, our Floorcare and Specialty Motors business, organic sales in our Floorcare and Specialty Motors business were up 10% in the quarter and we expect sales for this business to be down low-single digits organically. So, to summarize, for the full year, we expect overall AMETEK sales to be up mid-single digits and for organic sales to be up low single digits. For EIG, we expect overall sales to be up mid-single digits and organic sales to be up low-single digits. And for EMG, we expect overall sales to be up low-single digits and organic sales to be up low-single digits.
David A. Zapico: Right. So if you go back to the peak on oil and gas, there was about $400 million in revenue and entering 2017, it will be about $240 million in revenue, so we lost $160 million in revenue. So it was down about 40% from the peak. The upstream was down about 70%, and the midstream and downstream was down about 23%, 24%. And if you look at the EMIP business in metals, at the peak that business was about $500 million and we lost about 25% or $125 million, so that's about $375 million now going into 2017.
David A. Zapico: Sure. As I said, we're expecting low to mid-single digit for our aerospace segment in 2017. When you think about the commercial market, we expect that to continue strong. I think Boeing and Airbus are projected to increase build rates this year in the low-to-mid single-digit range and we have new additional content that we want on aircraft. So we expect to be up mid-single digits due to the ramp in new aircraft in the commercial area. In regard to the third-party MRO business, we expect to be up mid-single digits, just grow solid growth as revenue passenger miles expand and we're well positioned in a couple of niche areas to grow our services. The military market, which is about 35% of our total aerospace exposure, we expect that to be up low-single digits in 2017. And in 2016, there was – we had some – we were down mid-single digits and we expect that can be positive for us going up low-single digits in 2017. And in terms of the Bizjet market, that's a smaller part of our aerospace business. We expect modest sales growth off of a reduced sales level and the market we're expecting to be flat, but we do have some new program wins driving the growth.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Sure. I'll try to do that. I mean, first of all, OpEx, we have about $100 million of OpEx working in the numbers. As I said before, we got some acquisition growth, about $0.03 or $0.04, total acquisition growth. RD&E is up about 5% – 7% to $215 million. We do have some discrete incremental headwinds. FX will be about a point of sales and capital (41:56) $0.03 is the headwind.
David A. Zapico: The other thing is we have some incentive comp resets. So we're down substantially off our targets, and (42:12) next year.
David A. Zapico: When you think about pricing, we were about 1% in 2016. We think it will be a slightly better pricing environment at maybe 1.5% range, but inflation will also be slightly higher. So we have price less inflation only slightly bother the 2016. Our CapEx is budgeted to be $75 million.
David A. Zapico: Cash flow will be 115% of net income. Our core operating margins for 2017 are expected to be up 20 basis point to 60 basis point.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The growth investments will be about $65 million on incremental sales, marketing and engineering.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The EMIP business is about at the AMETEK average profitability. And in terms of metals prices, I think it's a little bit of a mix for the key commodity trends for our business – for our business, vanadium is a key metal, that's plus 30%. Titanium sponge, molly, and nickel are flat to down and titanium scrap is down about 15%. So it's a mixed environment for the metals that matter most to EMIP.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. We talked extensively in some of our past meetings about where multiple levels removed from the end customer and inventory levels are difficult to estimate. And we're seeing better buying patterns from customers, but there is still some inconsistency.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. It's a – the history of the businesses is predominantly hardware, but software is becoming an increasingly important part of the future software offering. And as we try to extend the nurse call platform to multiple hospitals, you get an enterprise wide platform and that's more software intensive, and that's a part of the business that's very attractive and growing.
David A. Zapico: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, because it's a family-owned business, they ran the business exceptionally well. But they saw risk in acquisitions and international expansion, and only about 10% of the business is international. And we think the market is about half international. So we think we can help them with that and we think there is considerable runway to improve the business.
David A. Zapico: Right. Yeah. We had – 52% of our sales were international in the quarter, and from my view, the two highlights in the quarter were; the U.S. market was much stronger than prior quarters. And we were down about 10% for several quarters in a row in the U.S. and it was down only 2% organically. And that was the strength in our process businesses really across the board, so the U.S. was improving and Asia was about flat organically, and China was up 5%. So the fact that China was up 5% and the U.S. was improving, we're encouraged by that. Europe was down, low mid single digits in line with recent trends. When you look at the BRIC countries in total, they were plus 1% organically in sales in Q4, again with China dominating that, India was flat. So, overall with the U.S. improving and with China now stabilized and starting to grow, we feel pretty good about what we're seeing geographically in our end markets.
David A. Zapico: Right. I'll talk about the products in the healthcare space. The primary product is called the Responder series and it connects all the nurse call stations in a hospital. It's really an indispensable tool for nurses. It provides multiple levels of functionality. It provides a virtual whiteboard status for each patient, so they know the patient status, a nurse at the nurse station can know the patient status for each patient. It provides voice communication between the nurse and patient and it also manages the patient and hospital alarm system, so the alarms in the hospital are controlled by the Rauland system. So it's a indispensable tool for hospitals and an indispensable tool for nurses, and as I mentioned earlier, it's a fantastic tool for hospitals to manage and efficiently utilize our nursing capability. As we know, there has been a perpetual shortage of nurses. So, they're right at the sweet spot of demographic trends, perpetual shortage of nurses and there is a high degree of regulation in the market, the switching costs are very high. So they're right from the product operating cycles and we're bringing new capabilities. So we feel really good about the product offering. As I mentioned, the big competitor will be Ascom internationally, Hill-Rom also has some products in the market, but Rauland-Borg in the U.S. is the market share leader by far.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I think the trends that are – we're working through a long cycle, and it's a predictable cycle, and past cycles have been very similar, although not as deep. And it's going to start with the upstream business picking up, and then it's going to flow through to the midstream and downstream, and will probably be a year or two years before the market totally gets returns. At the current price of oil, it's a lot lower than what it was, but it's enough for a positive business to take place. Rig counts were up and that's key for our upstream business. And what customers are telling us is, they actually have capital to spend this year. Last year they really didn't. The authority to spend is back on the business units instead of the C-Suite. They were – all purchase orders had to go to the C-Suite before they'd buy anything. And for our equipment there is some excess capacity out there, and it needs to be utilized. But we're seeing increased activity in the upstream space now, especially in the U.S., and for the midstream and downstream business, we think that's going to be flat to down a bit this year, but we're seeing some good project business in the Middle East. So we're feeling much better this year than we were last year at this time.
David A. Zapico: No, as I said before, our bread and butter acquisition is still the $50 million, $100 million, $150 million deal, and that's going to stay that way and we had tremendous value to those kind of businesses. But we've been successful in slightly larger deals. So about 9 months ago we expanded our pipeline to include revenue size one notch higher, between $200 million to $500 million. And really we did that because as the business scales and we want to continue our track record of doubling the earnings for the company, we felt that we had to add those larger businesses to our candidate list and we also felt that we've been very successful doing a larger deal. I mean the bigger deals that we've done, we bought ZYGO a couple of years ago, that business is performing extremely well for AMETEK. We bought Dunkermotoren a few years ago, the business is performing extremely well for AMETEK. We've acquired Haydon Kerk. The business is performing extremely well. So we're getting comfortable doing larger deals, but at the same time, we have not stopped doing the bread-and-butter deals. So we just think as we grow and we continue to generate more cash flow, we want to expand our opportunity set.
David A. Zapico: ...strategic planning process about three months ago. We went into that in detail and we're very comfortable with that.
David A. Zapico: Sure. I mean, in situations with private companies who are looking to sell their business or looking for a credible seller that has the business model that's flexible enough to deal with the private company. And AMETEK has shown that capability. We have the reputation of being able to do that. And I think Rauland approached a banker and they approached very few companies, because of the uniqueness of the situation, and we're lucky enough to work with the family and get the deal done, and now part of AMETEK. So I think it's really the reputation of AMETEK and the work we're doing in the medical space that kind of in combined brought that business to AMETEK.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I mentioned earlier, we're calling a transition from negative organic growth to positive organic growth and in our business with the very high contribution margins, when you get positive organic growth, it's very accretive to profit. But, on the converse, when you have negative organic growth, it's difficult to call that turnover. And we called low single digits for the first quarter, we think that's the right call. And we think that some markets talked about oil and gas are going to grow slowly throughout the year. We're going to see that continuing trend of slight improvement. The benefits also, of course, the benefits of our realignment are a bit back-end loaded. We talked about the realignment and we talked about the benefits of $16 million, and those are going to more favorably impact Q3 and Q4 than Q1 and Q2. And as we've mentioned earlier, Rauland really impacts Q3 and Q4 more than Q1 and Q2 because of some of the acquisition accounting. So those are the three things I'd point you to look at the – a little bit of a ramp in the earnings for the year.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. AMETEK's strategy is to be in a bunch of diverse end-markets and we run businesses very effectively in a niche position. So even in the medical space that same limitation occurs. So we don't have a fixed percentage, but any time a product or a market area gets 20% of the company, then we start to think about our diversification and – but we still have room to go and we're still active at looking at the medical space.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, we are. The one thing that I mentioned in my opening remarks was, we're getting a very good management team with Rauland. Sales and marketing capability is outstanding. We spent time with the management team. We feel really good. It's going to be a good cultural fit and we feel really good that we're going to bring what we do well to them. So feel really good about the future and the management capability with Rauland.
David A. Zapico: No, no. I think you know our system. I mean, it comes from the bottom up in terms of R&D and the business managers have to tell us what they want to work on and show us that it's a good project to fund and they'll get the funding. But the only thing is we really focused on taking our R&D dollars and spending it in the growth area. So there is a little bit of that, but really it was the same process. It's distributed. It's across all of our businesses. It's a low risk approach, and as I mentioned, we have 24% of sales from new products, so we think that's a healthy level and we have really good engineering capability throughout the company.
David A. Zapico: No. I don't think that's necessarily true. I mean we talk about $65 million of growth investments, and we feel it's important to properly fund our sales and marketing expenses on our engineering, but we had a similar amount last year. So, I don't think there is a meaningful change in that area. We're going to make sure that we invest for the future, but it sits in line with the past.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. That's a great question, Scott. I mean, if you want to look at it at the overall level, I think there will be incrementally more spending in sales and marketing expenses, but the same amount of expenditures will be put back in each year. I mean we'll have healthy cost reductions offsetting the investments, but there are some opportunities in sales and marketing, and we're funding some of them this year. So we think they're going to adequately return for AMETEK over the longer term or to benefit from them later this year.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. That's a great question, Scott. I mean, one of our investments that we're making this year is an expansion in Southeast Asia. So that's exactly what we're thinking. We see some opportunities in our UPT business, our Ultra Precision Technology business, our Materials Analysis division in Southeast Asia, and one of the key investments that we're making is expansion in sales and marketing channels in that area.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. It's both. I mean, there are adjacent product areas in the non-acute care facilities. There are adjacent product areas in the existing customer base and there are adjacent opportunities internationally. So we feel really good about all the avenues of growth.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Now, Rauland has some of these products under development, and some of the other product areas are more driven by acquisition than organic development.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. We did the market work and the existing SAM, the served addressable market was about $500 million and the TAM, the total addressable market, was about $1 billion. And we didn't include a lot of the TAM in our discussions, but those are the kind of – it's a niche market, it's a $500 million sort of market. They don't participate much internationally and we feel good about the potential growth opportunities.
