David Zapico: Sure. Sure, Matt. Maybe the first thing I want to do is -- and the outlook for 2024, Kevin told me that it may have not come through clearly. The diluted EPS for the year is $6.70 to $6.85. So that's just maybe a correction of what I had said before, if it didn't come through clearly. And now I'll get to your question, Matt. I mean we think that as we talked about the OEM parts of our business and we think that OEM destocking largely played out as we expected during Q4. We expect it to continue through the first half of the year. We're going to have some difficult comps in Q1 that will finish in Q2, and then we're going -- we're pretty good for the second half of the year, the way we're forecasting. So the -- again, we're working off our backlog right now. So it's not an immediate impact on revenue. But that destock will continue for the first half of the year, probably a bit more in Q1 than Q2, but we think will be good for the second half of the year. And it's already starting to happen. Some customers are having corrected their inventory levels, but it will continue through the first half of the year.
David Zapico: Yes, sure. In the fourth quarter, price was about 5% of sales. And total inflation was about 3.5%. And when we transition to 2024, we really see inflation decreasing. So the time where we had very significant price increases to be at or above inflation is coming to an end. And we think pricing in 2024 would be about 3% across the entire portfolio, and we think inflation will be at about 2.5%. And so we maintain a positive spread. We have the product differentiation. We're creating value. You see our new products are selling very well. But we budgeted, I would say conservatively at 3% price capture during 2024.
David Zapico: Yes, I'll start with that. With the Paragon acquisition, our portfolio has about 21% of sales into the med tech space. And we like to see that even larger. So we're still looking for acquisition in that space, and we plan to grow nicely within that space. And in fact, in the fourth quarter Q4, we were up mid-single digits with strong growth on our EMC and Roland businesses before we got Paragon integrated. So we're happy with the space. We want to continue to grow it, and we're still looking for deals in the space. Now I'll go around the horn, per se, I look at our various subsegments and end markets, and I'll start with our Process businesses, which are the largest component of our subsegments. And organic sales for Process were up low single digits in the quarter, completing a strong year that saw a broad-based growth across the segment. Growth was strongest within our CAMECA and Zygo businesses given their strong technology position with attractive research optics and medical applications. We look to 2024, we expect organic sales for the Process businesses to be up low single digits for the full year. So it's a low single digit in 2023, low single digits in 2024. Aerospace & Defense, strong fourth quarter to complete an excellent year. Growth was broad-based across all segments. Organic growth was up high single digits in the quarter. The growth was balanced across our commercial and aerospace businesses. And for 2024, we expect the organic sales of the Aerospace & Defense businesses to again be up high single digits with similar growth across commercial aerospace and defense. I'll move to our power businesses. They were up low double digits in the fourth quarter with contributions from the acquisitions of RTDS, UEI and Amplifier Research being offset by low single-digit organic sales growth. Our power businesses have been very active on the acquisition front with 3 highly strategic acquisitions over the past 15 months. These acquisitions broaden our exposure to attractive applications tied to renewable energy and modernization of the power grid. For 2024, we expect organic sales for the Power & Industrial businesses to be up low to mid-single digits. So there's some project -- that business is more impacted by certain projects, and we feel pretty good that we're going to be able to grow low to mid-single digits in 2024, some positive project evolutions. And then finally, our Automation & Engineered Solutions, the segment was up mid-single digits in the quarter, with contributions from the acquisitions of Paragon Medical and Bison Engineering, being offset by a mid-single-digit decrease in organic sales. Results were in line with expectations with the impact of the normalization of inventory levels that Matt asked about across our OEM customer base, and they really continued in the quarter as expected, and we expect them to continue into 2024. In 2024, we expect the Automation & Engineered Solutions business to be up low single digits with stronger growth in the back half of the year as our customer base normalizes inventory levels than in the first half. So the second half for that sun single will be stronger growth in the first half. That's around the horn, Deane.
David Zapico: Yes. I think anywhere between 20% and 30% is a good number. So that's what we've always said. And we started tracking this, it was back in the 15% range. So we certainly have made tremendous progress with our new product development efforts. In terms of where the $100 million comes from, it's really bottom up. So our business units put plans together. And if they want to go beyond what they invested in the prior year, we will pitch those plans and their budgeting and it's spread across the business. It goes at our best growth opportunities, and it's going to be about $100 million this year.
David Zapico: Yes. We're currently investing just under 5.5% of sales on research, development and engineering. And as we buy higher technology businesses, that number will increase modestly. I think this year, we expect to spend $400 million on RD&E, which is up a good healthy double-digit amount on the total R&D spend. So our R&D is a key part of our business. We have a lot of industrial technology products that we want to maintain leadership positions in. It allows us to get the pricing that we can get because we're providing unique value to our customers. I don't think you're going to see a big jump anywhere, but it's happening as we naturally evolve our portfolio to higher technology products.
David Zapico: No, I think we're looking at the more traditional size deals. And we're also -- we have a few of the larger size deals in our pipeline, and I would characterize Paragon on the outer edge of the larger size. We're very happy with the 5 deals that we got done. We deployed $2.25 billion. We did it across our business in different parts of it. They were high-quality additions. They expanded our presence in attractive growth markets. We have a very clear path to add value to these companies. Each business has a strong technology position. The deals will meet our traditional financial hurdles. Remember, it's a 10% return on invested capital in year 3. In terms of our pipeline, our pipeline remains very strong. And we are actively looking at a number of high-quality deals across a broad set of markets. As always, we'll remain disciplined when we do this. And I really think that we have the opportunity to differentiate our performance with the M&A element of our growth strategy, combined with our balance sheet and cash flow positions. I mean we excel and the markets are slowing or choppy because we had great OpEx and great M&A, and we see tremendous values in the market that we're tracking. The way the market is evolving, it's probably going to be 2, 3, 4 -- second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter, with the bulk of the opportunities are. So -- but really, this year, the pipeline looks good, and we're optimistic.
David Zapico: Well, sure. Related to Paragon specifically, during the first half of the year, we're going to be doing some -- expect some muted growth for a couple of reasons. One, there is an inventory correction going on in the medtech market and we're going to look at the portfolio and potentially prove some less product -- less profitable product areas. So there's a whole process that we're going to go through during this first half. And -- but all that said, we're expecting the second half to be very strong because they got some new product introductions that are very exciting. But we continue to expect within the -- in our guidance is 8% to 10% accretion in 2024. And this is back-end loaded as we layer in the integration costs.
David Zapico: We have a little different dynamic in semiconductor, and I talked about it on a couple of past calls because we have the memory downturn that a lot of people are seeing. We saw that too. But at the same time, we have some exceptional technology in our CAMECA business. It's a next-generation technology that's really is in demand in just about all fabs. And we also have our Zygo business. We're one of the few companies that can manufacture EUV, extreme ultraviolet optics and semiconductor fabrication. So those are two growing dynamics. It's a good place to be. They were able to offset some of the weakness we had in the -- I'll call it, the core memory part of the portfolio. And for 2023, we ended up 10%. So it was a growing market for us. And for 2024, we expect to additionally grow another plus mid-single digit. So largely because of the technology, we were able to grow in '23, and we think we'll continue to grow in '24.
David Zapico: Yes. I mean we had a fantastic margin year in 2023 and margins were up. Core margins were up 200 basis points in the fourth quarter, reported margins are up 120 basis points. EIG had a great quarter. EMG, it was dilutive because of acquisitions. And when you peel away what was going on, they're actually up 100 basis points. So really good margins, really good incremental. And we think for 2024, they're going to moderate a bit. They're going to continue to grow them, but they're going to moderate a bit. And for 2024, we believe that core margins are going to be up 30 basis points. We think that the core incremental are going to be up about 30 basis points. And we have built on our model cost reductions and pricing and things like that, but the whole thing that's to the core margins being up 30 and the core incremental is up 30 basis points. When you look at as reported margins for the year, those will be down probably about 50 basis points due to acquisition dilution. So that's the whole story.
David Zapico: Yes, I'll do a summary of Q4 geographically, so you know where we stand. And we had growth in the quarter led by the U.S. and Asia. So the U.S. has been strong all along. Asia is picking up a bit. The U.S. was up mid-single digits with notable strength in our Materials Analysis division and Aerospace & Defense, Europe was down high single digits, driven in part by our automation business. And Asia was up about a little under 10%, about 9% with strength in our Materials Analysis division and our Ultra Precision Technology division. We have a dynamic that was a little different than what's going on in the general marketplace. Our China sales were up 22% in Q4. So that -- they were up about 14%, 15% in the year, 22% in Q4. Strong growth in our Materials Analysis division and UPT. When we look into 2024, we think we'll grow in Asia, but we think China is going to moderate to more of a flattish market because there was some -- one of project businesses that we benefited from. So it's still going to be good for us, but we are seeing the broader impacts on the economy, and we think it will be flattish on an orders basis in 2024 in China, and we'll grow in Asia.
David Zapico: Yes. Sure. The -- let me make sure I'm looking at the right stuff here. Yes, the orders in total for the quarter we're up 16%. Now that was largely driven by the Paragon acquisition because the orders get booked as backlog the first when you acquire a business. So that 16% orders, EIG orders were up 3% and EMG orders were up 43%. And again, the EMG orders were driven by Paragon. Organically, the orders were minus 2%, and it translated into a book-to-bill of 1.10.
David Zapico: Yes. I think in the first quarter, we have some pretty difficult comps. So I expect a similar trend with orders trailing sales. But then as we get out in the second half of the year, maybe even in the second quarter, I think the orders will outpace sales. Yes.
David Zapico: Yes. I mean the overall organic growth for the company is a low to mid-single-digit number, and that's going to be in both groups, EIG and EMG. And in terms of Aerospace, we think we're going to grow about the same level that we did this year at plus high single digits. And we have really good diversity in that business. And the military orders are strong, and the commercial OE aftermarket are strong, and the commercial OE are good, too. So we think largely the -- both the military and the total commercial markets are going to be up high single digits in 2024. Pretty optimistic about that.
David Zapico: Yes. That very well could happen, Rob. I think the -- I think we're in a 3% pricing world. And I think our volume has the potential to be a little stronger in the second half than the first half. So that -- what you're saying is kind of how we're thinking about it. We've been pretty conservative in our second half outlook. But if there was something that could exceed it, it will be the second half volume. Sales volume organically.
David Zapico: Yes, we've been acquired some good medical businesses. I mean as we go back and look the Rauland business has been a fabulous winner for us and that business is growing in the market. And we made an EMC acquisition, and that business has been very successful. And that business is in the similar market that Paragon that gave us confidence. And it's -- they're classic AMETEK businesses. We win in the market based on technology, based on engineering. They're a little more OEM than end market. But basically, our whole EMG business is more OEM than end market. You have longer looked at your customers in terms of what you're going to be building in the future. So it's a pretty stable market. And we just think the growth in the case of Paragon over the next 3 years will be a little bit slower to get down on that gate because of some of the things that are going on. But we're pretty confident it's going to be a low double-digit grower over the next few years. So we think with those portfolio additions, they're going to grow just a bit greater than the rate of our base portfolio.
David Zapico: Yes. I think that in that second half for Automation, in particular, we're conservative on the input that we're getting from our customers in the marketplace. And I think that for the entire segment, we're forecasting it to be up low single digits. So we're not out. If we just put in there what our customers are telling us it would be higher. So we've been -- as a bit of conservative that we placed in it. And it's largely from talking to customers and understanding their inventory levels and it's the typical work that we do to set a plan for the year. And -- it's -- we think the -- we'll see a positive second half as those orders, those backlogs are depleted.
David Zapico: Yes. I mean in terms of supply chain, we did a lot of work to eliminate the risks from China, and we did it actually before COVID. So we were well positioned during it. And I think the -- our supply chain is developing naturally around the different regions of the world and it's not as China-centric because of that. So that's 1 item. I think that in terms of capacity, we put significant capacity investments in over the past few years. We're a low CapEx business. And it's not -- we don't have to come to you and get away from our typical 2% of sales. We did it within our 2% of sales guideline. We put incremental capacity in our Mexican facilities. We put incremental capacity in our Malaysian facilities, we put incremental capacity in our Serbian facilities. So I think we're pretty -- we have an asset-light business model and we can usually ramp up pretty quickly, and we have the flexibility to reduce cost very quickly. So that's one of the advantages of the AMETEK model with our low CapEx environment. We can grow sales and adjust sales on the downside without big capacity investments without stringent investments when we downsize. So we're in excellent position to grow and we've done all that work over the past few years or so, I feel really confident that we're going to be able to keep up with the growth through the next growth cycle.
David Zapico: In the U.S., there's a record number of projects from clean energy, power grid, semiconductor, they're just at a different level than they've been before. And a lot of that is from the government spending and backing. So that's largely continued. And at some point, it's going to provide an optimistic playing field for a lot of people in the industry. And I don't think we have that kind of upside built into our model right now, but it's -- there's planning going on with those projects right now. And that particular dynamic about the U.S. spending is driving the typical projects. So we're tracking to a very high number.
David Zapico: It really doesn't because it's 100-year pandemic. I mean you saw what happened. The supply chains were broken. People put inventory in place. And as I just got done talking to the last call, the project business is so strong. So we have a similar view. We're our businesses in health care, aerospace and defense, power and energy are performing well. They have a lot of projects. And we just think that we're going to work off the inventory and then they're going to be a return to more typical growth for the industrial market. I mean, at the end of the day, though, nobody knows. And if we run into a recession, we have good muscle member in that area. So we'll be able to react as we always react and we can run our business appropriately. And in fact, select businesses have already been doing that during '23 margins in our automation business, those people did a great job of removing excess costs from the business. So we're pretty good at reacting. But right now, we don't see that. We see the inventory being worked off, mainly in our OEM businesses and looking toward the future, we're optimistic with the number of new projects we have in the future.
David Zapico: Yes. We have a little bit of exposure to advanced packaging, but it's spread across the business in different places, we're selling some components. So that's one of the items that our M&A teams are looking at, and we have exposure, but we'd like to have more.
David Zapico: Yes. I think that market on the memory side, that market is pretty much bottomed. So I don't think there's -- when that ticks up, there's going to be a -- I think that's immediately going to flow to the bottom line. I think the inventory there is mainly cleared out.
David Zapico: Yes. The process is a broader look at our process and analytical instruments business and the specific process industry would be more the process and analytical instruments business, which is a good part of it. And I think that what you're going to see there is our energy businesses are perhaps -- they grew nicely in Q4, and they have a good outlook for 2024. I think we sell a lot of business to Asia and China is a -- I told you we talked about it being flat. So that's something that we're concerned within the year for process. But as long as we keep developing state-of-the-art projects that are unmatched by our competitors, we're going to be fine in process. And as evidenced by our CAMECA, Zygo, broader UPT, broader MAD sales. So it's the research market. It's the optics market that are driving the business, and there are some medical applications in our rolling business that are in that segment. So there's a mix of different end market drivers. But when you look at the thing in total, we're calling it up low single digits this year. And again, the international parts of the business will be weaker than the U.S. parts.
