Dave Zapico: Right. Our overall orders were down negative 22% and organic was down about the same, so really aligned with our sales. Both of our groups were down and really followed sales. And we ended up with a book-to-bill of about 0.99. And for orders, the April was a low point in the quarter. It grew nicely in May and then again in June. So it followed the similar trend for sales.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. The first point is the -- the second point -- I'll answer your second question first. The EMG margins were exceptional and they were driven by strong operating performance. We had positive mix in our defense businesses and we also had the divestiture of Reading Alloys that contributed 50 basis points at the EMG level. So EMG had a great quarter. And the majority of that margin expansion was driven by excellent operating capability. In terms of the decrementals, I mean, we had good decrementals in both parts of the business. We had 16% decrementals in EMG and 31% in EIG, and those are really good. And in terms of the guidance of 30% decrementals for Q3, we're adding back some cost and we're really preparing for a larger fourth quarter. So -- and still for the full year, we increased our decrementals from 30% to 25%. So that's what we're doing. We're managing the business looking at -- focused on cash, focused on managing the decrementals and focused on driving key growth opportunities. And we're doing an excellent job of managing the decrementals and really kept our net income, our cash EPS down at the same level of our sales drop, which is pretty amazing when you consider the profitability level of the company. So we're pretty pleased with that.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I would say the structural costs are more focused on the more challenged markets. And they're resizing those businesses to the new demand level that we have. Those businesses are profitable. They will remain profitable on the way down. And the way we're looking at it as the businesses started to grow from the bottom will be very profitable on the way up. So there is a quick change in revenue and the team have done an excellent job of adjusting to the new demand level. Also there was an element of those structural savings that are pulled forward from projects in our strategic plan. So we look forward out every three years and if we get a time like this, we pull forward some projects that are some efficiency, some plant consolidations, but mainly the structural -- while across the board, they were mainly targeted at the commercial aerospace and oil and gas business.
Dave Zapico: Great question. I mean, as you know Alison, M&As remains our first priority. And we feel there is going to be a substantial opportunity for us as we get through this crisis because there's going to be pent-up demand on deals. And we have the balance sheet and the cash flow generating capability to execute on the opportunity. And while the broader deal activity is due right now, we're very active in pipeline development. And we actually have a couple of deals we're looking at right now. So we're actually in diligence. And those are deals that have been working to our pipeline. There are larger deals and there are smaller deals. So I'm quite optimistic on the pipeline. But you still have the situation where to get to the end of a deal buyers and sellers have to agree on new pricing expectations based on the cash flow visibility and that impacts the evaluation process. And we're adjusting our process because we have the inability to perform the face-to-face diligence that we used to take for granted. And we still need to have some of that to feel comfortable in what we're buying. So we still think it's going to be late 2020 before the market returns to new -- to some kind of normal, but we are active on some properties right now. So I'm pretty pleased with how hard the team is driving the pipeline, and there is good candidates in our pipeline.
Dave Zapico: Right. That's a great question. And I don't think there's any doubt that incrementals can start with the three. If you look at past downturns, AMETEK's really driven margin expansion as we come out of the downturns. And the temporary costs we're going to put back in as we progress throughout the year, but that's not stopping us from putting up positive incrementals. So I think largely, you're going to end up with contribution margins in 2021 in that kind of range, and I'm optimistic about that. Because the other thing you have to factor in is our pricing. Our pricing was very strong in the quarter and it's holding up well and we're very pleased with it.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. No, our backlog is pretty flat at $1.7 billion. And as you know, we went through our guidance. But what you and what Matt were asking is a sense of where the business is going forward, and we can give you that. I mean, if you start with Q2, our sales, April was the worst and improved in May and further improvement in June. And if you look at that improvement trend and you look at July, which is supportive of it, we think that we'll be down roughly 50% in the third quarter. But that's an estimate based on what we know and there are many uncertainties. But that's kind of what we're tracking to right now. And it kind of...
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I think the -- I'll break the research market into a couple of different areas. In the material science area of research, both university and corporate R&D, it was weak. Those projects have been pushed to the right. But in the life sciences area, the market is holding up very well. And it was shown by our Gatan business, the business that we acquired last year. They had performed very well, slightly ahead of our expectations and actually had flat revenue year-over-year in the second quarter with our top-line well and that was driven by the life sciences market. And Gatan products have been influential in the fight against COVID. In fact, researchers at the University of Texas used Gatan K3 camera. They were the first people to structurally image the spike protein on the coronavirus. So that's driven a lot of excitement in demand around the demand tools. In fact, Gatan K3 was the first person to structure the coronavirus. The next two people that did use the K2, which is slower. And the speed of the cameras, the K3 is faster, allowed the researchers to get done quicker. So good demand drivers in that business. And it really points to again our research market. There are some areas that are doing very well, some areas that aren't, and in certain parts of the world, those research institutions have not really opened up, they're still close. So we're hanging in there, but it's a complex story.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. As you know, we're naturally hedged at the top-line and the bottom line based on currency. So the currency swing doesn't really impact our profitability. But when the dollar weakens, we do get more competitive. So it's something that we're looking at. So it's a good thing for us because we export over $1 billion. And in terms of the geographical story line, we really have broad-based weakness, and Europe and the U.S. were most challenged. Europe was down 29% on broad weakness and it also had a difficult comp because there was some Middle East project business for our oil and gas business. U.S. was down about 20%, but it was pretty broad-based. And Asia was the best of the markets that was down mid-teens and had notable strength in Asia in our automation business. China improved for us. China was actually up 3%. So positive rebound in China driven by our automation & CAMECA business. So that's the story; broad-based weakness and Asia was the best driven by China.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Not a huge factor, Deane. It was probably about $18 million or so. So that $183 million would still be a pretty strong number, probably in the mid-160s to 170 kind of a place.
Dave Zapico: Defense was in the good markets in both last quarter and this quarter. So defense -- the buckets haven't changed and defense and medical were positive in Q2 and they were also positive in Q3. And as you recall, our defense business is about 5% of the company, and it's doing extremely well. It was up low-double-digits in the quarter. So while the commercial market was challenged, the defense market was strong.
Dave Zapico: It is. There is a K3 Plus and the K4, we're working on them both. And we haven't announced when the next one will come to market.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. That certainly was with us throughout all of Q2. And it's still a bit of an issue, especially now traveling in the U.S. And really when it comes to, you can travel, but you're quarantined. And that was a big issue in China. Now that's abated, but that's a spotty issue around the world. And it was a big factor in Q2, it will be a diminishing factor in Q3.
Dave Zapico: No, no. That's -- that will come back. And they've been rescheduled and pushing things out, but it will definitely come back.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. That's a good question, Rob. And when we did a restructuring early on, you'll recall. And we think we got the balance correct, but -- and we'll bring back those temporary costs. But if it gets to the point where there is diminished long-term viewpoint on revenue, then it doesn't -- we can't run with the temporary cost forever. So it's a -- I view those temporary costs as coming out -- coming back during the course of the year. And if demand doesn't come back, then we may have to do something extra on the cost side. But we're certainly not looking at that as a long-term situation.
Dave Zapico: That's really the case. The accelerated adoption of digital capabilities is really opening our eyes. And it's obviously in the digital marketing area and the way we interact with our customers. The one thing I'd point to is in the -- we have complex systems that are installed and calibrated and they need commissions and we have some service teams that are using augmented reality to remotely service and install our products and really interesting tools right now. So I think some of those will be long lasting. And we're certainly adapting our business and learning as we move through this pandemic.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Our automation business is kind of let us back. That's doing well. Our oil and gas business is going to recover, but that's because of a lack of a comp as much as anything. So those two businesses are ones that will recover. And I think our defense business will be strong. And the other thing we see is in the medical space. We saw really good demand on the COVID-related products, like COVID testing and COVID breathing apparatus, but we saw the elective surgeries tail off. In the second half of the year what our medtech customers are telling us is the elective surgeries are going to rebound. So that's the kind of things I'd point you to.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. There are too many variables and uncertainties to give guidance with our difficult precision. And I do appreciate your question and I understand what you're asking for that information in normal times. We'd give you that type of information, but these aren't normal times. And we withdrew our guidance and we just don't feel comfortable putting it back in place yet because of COVID and the lack of visibility and with the typical precision that we have.
Dave Zapico: No, I don't think that's -- I mean, I was pleased with the mix hold up, the pricing hold up. That's -- that isn't a concern. It's really you if you think about it, we're in a pandemic. And we don't -- we can have hotspots to show up in places and we're constantly managing things. So there is a lot of uncertainty now, and we just don't feel we can give guidance with a typical precision.
Dave Zapico: Sure. We haven't done a lot of thinking about next year at this point. But the one thing that we do know, we'll probably have about $50 million -- $45 million or $50 million flowing over into next year from the structural reductions that we did in 2020. So we'll have a good head start on whatever cost reduction plans that we put together. And we'll couple that with the traditional material cost to us and the other projects that we'll put together. And we typically have a pretty healthy project list, and we decide on that list during our budgeting process. So haven't really done much planning, but we have a good sense -- a good head start with the structural flow over from the things we've done in 2020.
Dave Zapico: Yeah, sourcing was a big driver, and I'm just going from memory now and Kevin can -- you can check this with Kevin before that. But we probably lost about $10 million or $20 million of sourcing savings because the volume isn't there and we had to make that up by the other structural savings.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. The way I can answer that is we're on track with all of our deals. I mentioned, Gatan, that's the biggest deal that we did last year, and we just did a review of that business. And we're actually slightly ahead of our acquisition model. So when we combine that business with our EDAX business, it's another business within our portfolio, and they're in the same market. So that combination is driving this synergy and they have the same customer base. And all of our acquisitions are progressing and we're certainly focused on the synergy. And some of the top-line may not be there, but we're focused on the synergy. It's pretty hard to tell you right now in 2021 what that's going to be. We'll typically tell you that in the beginning of 2021 when we go through everything and understand at a granular level what actually is going to happen and what we're going to do.
Dave Zapico: Yeah, that's a good question. And we are seeing that, Andrew. So supply chains are regionalizing. So there was a point of time where there was some overdependence on China. And I think a lot of companies are reconfiguring their supply chains and there's some reshoring activities going on. And that's going to help us because our process businesses help businesses manufacture things efficiently and at lower cost, and it's happening. The seeds of that are just beginning now, but that's going to be a good long-term driver for us.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. It's just the beginnings. But there's definitely plans in place for a lot of companies to make their supply chains more durable. And we're seeing volume intake -- potential volume upticks in places like the U.S. and Europe for reshoring activities. But this is really on the early edges of it. And -- but it's fundamentally people want regionalized supply chains and want to reduce their dependence on parts of the world.
Dave Zapico: We're looking at some larger deals. Gatan, we spent close to $1 billion on. And we have some businesses that are in our pipeline right now that are of that size.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. You didn't miss it. We talked about it, but we didn't give the numbers. And I'm very pleased to see our pricing held up well. Q2 was similar to Q1. We achieved about a point and a half of price across the entire business. And total inflation and the impact of tariffs was a little less than 1%. So had a good positive spread added to margins and that drove some of the margin performance in the quarter.
Dave Zapico: It's going to take several years to get passengers back to the same volume in 2019. There's no doubt about that. And what -- the base -- our base model for aerospace assumes that there's a medical solution to the virus, whether it's a vaccine or therapeutic, and people have to be comfortable flying again, and that's going to take some time. But we're balancing our aerospace, and our military business is doing extremely well. And we're very pleased with our portfolio. It's a high quality set of businesses and our strategy is to focus on a diverse set of markets. So we think we're well positioned with our leadership positions to recover with the market and recover profitably. But that's one market that we're going to have to -- it's going to depend on the government funding, it's going to depend on capacity decisions of many airlines, it's going to depend on the confidence of the flying public. So there's still some uncertainty associated with that. So we just manage what we know. And we can resize the business. I was running our aerospace business back on 9/11. So been through a similar type of hit. And if you look at what our aerospace has done since then, we resize it and it's been a tremendous contributor to AMETEK over the time, and we're doing the same thing right now. So we have a great team in aerospace and leadership positions and many areas, excellent positions with wide boats. And we're controlling what we can control right now, but it's certainly going to be an extended recovery.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I mean, the aerospace presence is 15% of sales. And that's a -- 5% of that 15% is in the military market. And 10% of that 15% is in the commercial market. And that commercial market includes our OE market, it includes our business gen market, it includes our third-party aftermarket. And that's the business that we're saying is a small part of our company, about 10%. But we're saying that we're not seeing as clearly a recovery path during the second half of the year. I think we got a little better in Q2. So we call that at maybe 45% for the balance of the year. But it's pretty difficult to get too granular on that market right now, because many variables that you don't control are happening and we're just managing what we can control. In terms of the process business, we're saying we're going to grow in Q3 and Q4, and that includes our oil and gas business. In terms of power and industrial, we're saying we're going to grow in Q3 and Q4. And in terms of our automation and engineered solutions, we're going to grow in Q3 and Q4. So we think that sequential improvement that we're seeing will continue as the economy gets back to normal.
Dave Zapico: I think the military market and the healthcare market held up well for EMG. And in EIG, we have good part of commercial aerospace, and you also have the oil and gas business.
Dave Zapico: We talked about the automation business getting stronger. We talked about the military business and then commercial aerospace. Commercial aerospace was going to be weak and oil and gas is going to be weak, and those are predominantly in EIG. So it kind of paid out like we thought.
Dave Zapico: Yeah, it's a great question. Great question, Joe. I've been pleasantly surprised at the quality and effectiveness, and we're getting the work done. But for R&D, it's not ideal. I mean, we have to have technicians interact with engineers and they have to find a way to get together and there is a certain spontaneity and productivity that comes with people getting together. So we're still learning. But we're using the tools and doing things safely and we're making good progress. But it's certainly an issue that we specifically have worked on and it holds us back certainly. But the digital tools are helping mitigate the problems.
Bill Burke: Yeah. The important point for us is our RD&E spending is roughly flat with 2019. So we thought that was going to be up coming into the year and we trim that back to flat, but we're really investing in RD&E. And the types of things we've delayed are expansions in regions of the world where we're trying to put extra capacity in place in a new region of the world that we're putting some capacity. And so those kind of projects got delayed. Quite honestly, we have decentralized the entrepreneurial team. And they understand the situation, so they make natural decisions and we really don't have to push that number. That's what comes up to us. That's where our business leaders want to spend. And I can see as we get later in the year, start evaluating, turning on some of those expansion projects we have in the various geographies of the world that we put on hold, but it's very difficult to complete those.
Bill Burke: Right. I'll take you through the market segment commentary because that covers a lot of ground, and I think we'll be able to answer your questions there. Our process business, overall sales were down high-teens in the quarter. And we had the contributions from Gatan, offset by organic sales declines in line with AMETEK's organic sales decline. And we talked about widespread travel restrictions. And in addition to project push outs and delays in our ability to provide service, so that impacted process significantly. The largest weakness in process was in oil and gas business. Our medical businesses performed well in the quarter, as did our Zygo business. Zygo is seeing solid growth driven by some semiconductor fabrication work and Extreme UV, EUV. And while the end markets remain challenged and visibility is limited, we do expect to see sequential improvements in the third quarter and fourth quarters across our process businesses, including oil and gas. In aerospace, I think we've talked about that. We were -- the defense business was up low-double-digits. The commercial business was down in the high-40s. In the commercial business, the aftermarket was a little worse and the OE was a little better. We expect our defense businesses to stay strong in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And the commercial aerospace business, it's bouncing around bottom and we may have some shifts between aftermarket and OE, but we're not calling that one out as improving. We may be conservative on that, but that's where we are. In our power and industrial business, they were down in high-20 range. A lot of similar dynamics to our process business. Demand impacted by the global shutdowns and travel restrictions. And we're looking to -- the orders in our power business were stronger. And we're looking to second half where we expect conditions to improve modestly with sequential growth in both our power and industrial businesses. And finally, our automation and engineered solution businesses, they were down mid-teens on a percentage basis. And we're seeing automation trends improve across Asia, within China. And healthcare is the other big driver for our automation business. So we're seeing good sequential improvements there. And we expect that to continue in the second half.
Bill Burke: Well, I think we certainly -- Dave, you mentioned the $2 billion, we could do more than that and still remain below our covenants. But as we've always said this is not a capital constraint strategy, this is more about finding the right businesses that will move the portfolio in the right direction and drive the returns that we're looking for. But the strength of the balance sheet can certainly support several -- couple of billion dollars worth of deals.
Bill Burke: Yeah. I think the -- I think you've got the positive there in terms of price versus cost. But what you're really dealing with is just the reduction in the sales levels. You're just getting the decremental margins on the fixed costs. So I don't think there's anything more interesting.
