David A. Zapico: Right. That's a great question, Nigel. You'll recall, 2009 was much different than it is in the current environment. All of the markets were down and we took action to deal with all the markets then it returned very quickly. But in the current environment, a couple of our markets are down, but some of our markets are hanging in there fine. So, the difference really is, it's a much slower market and the market has drug on for some time. And we have a much higher margin company right now. Remember that we were a mid-teens operating income margin company. Now we're much higher. And the two markets that are down, about 20% of our company, oil and gas and metals are down 30%. So, that's a difficult tailwind to offset, but we've done a good job to do it. We still have 22.4% operating margins and we had a good operating quarter.
David A. Zapico: Right. Yeah. The question of price, across our whole business, we were up about 1 point and we had total inflation of a little less than that. So, it was still a positive contribution. We are seeing additional headwinds as you talked about, so, we call that flat for the year, meaning price will offset inflation. So, it's a different environment and our Process businesses, they were very successful in expanding in the emerging markets. Also, very successful in the oil and gas market. So, that is one point that we're seeing issues. Certainly, with a strong US dollar when we're manufacturing in the US, we see competitive pressure because of the strong dollar. There is no doubt about that. We are dealing with that by relocating to low cost locations and in most situations, we don't have competitors in different market segments that give us an advantage. But in terms of the translation and transaction effects, now we are in a relatively stable environment. We're not seeing much effect and you know we're naturally hedged in most of our markets. So, I hope those answers your questions.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, pricing is up a point across the business. And price, less total inflation, that's all costs in the business, is still slightly positive for the quarter. But our outlook for the year is calling price, less total inflation to be flat.
David A. Zapico: Sure, Rob. I'll start with EIG aerospace. EIG aerospace sales were flat as compared to the last year, as we saw continued strong growth across the commercial business that was offset by weakness in the business and regional jet market. For all 2016, we expect a similar trend to continue as the second quarter, with the commercial market being strong and offsetting weaker business than regional jets. This business continues to deliver strong new programs wins. These wins are across a wide range of platforms, including commercial OEM, business and regional jets, military. And year-to-date they have already won $230 million in life of program wins. So we're really excited about the new business we're winning in that market. And you know that's important for the future of any aerospace business. Next sub-segment where we process. Organic sales in process were down mid-single digits in the quarter, driven largely by weakness across our oil and gas business. Our Ultra Precision Technology business performed very well in the quarter. That team has done an excellent job managing the business. And for all of 2016, we expect organic sales for our Process business to be down to mid-to-high-single digits driven by the weakness in oil and gas. Going to the EIG, Power & Industrial sub-segment, we have overall sales for our Power & Industrial businesses were up double digits driven by the contributions of recent acquisitions of ESP/SurgeX and Brookfield, organic sales were down mid-single digits in the quarter. And for all of 2016, we expect organic sales for Power & Industrial to be down mid-single digits versus 2015, which Is unchanged from our prior forecast. So when you step back, in 2016 for all EIG, we expect overall sales to be down low-single digits, with organic sales down mid-single digits. And if we switch to EMG, first the differentiated parts of our EMG business, organic sales were down mid-single digits, driven largely by continued weakness across our Engineered Materials, Interconnects and Packaging business. We did see sequential stabilization in this business. However, the second half improvements that we had anticipated are going to be delayed and delayed out of 2016. As a result, we expect second half sales across our EMIP businesses to be largely flat with the first half. And for all of our differentiated EMG business we now expect organic sales to be down mid-single digits versus the prior year. And finally, our Floorcare & Specialty Motors business. Although a small part of the AMETEK, organic sales on our Floorcare & Specialty Motors business were down low-teens in the second quarter as a result of softer demand across our key markets. And for all of 2016 we expect this business to be down mid-single digits organically as comparisons ease to the back half of the year. So, if you look at only EMG, we expect the overall sales to be down low-single digits and organic sales to be down mid-single digits.
David A. Zapico: ... we expect overall sales to be down low-single digits and organic sales to be down mid-single digits on a percentage business. Hope that helps.
David A. Zapico: Right, you have a lot of questions there. I'll try to unpack them. I think, the first point is we have four deals done this year, and we deployed $360 million in free cash flow. And we're about half way through the year, so we're pretty much online for what we're doing. So, we agree that the environment is tough, but we're still getting it done. The second point is, we're bullish on our pipeline. We talked about expanding our pipeline past a couple of quarters, and we're starting to benefit from the efforts of the pipeline identification efforts. And as you mentioned and recall, our sweet spot is that $50 million to $200 million deal. But we've expanded our horizons now, we're looking for deals up to $500 million in revenue, and we're looking at both private and public companies and we're really optimistic, because our pipeline is starting to reflect the efforts of the last couple of quarters as those businesses are working their way through the pipeline. So, in terms of the acquisitions, it is a tougher environment, we're getting deals done. We have a solid pipeline, we end up parsing those deals and selecting the deals to do that we can add the most value to and we're still very selective. And it is a key driver of our future value enhancement, so I'm really optimistic, we have plenty of fire power, $1 billion of capacity within our existing credit lines and cash on hand. More importantly, our operating cash flow is $750 million, free cash flow of about $670 million and I think this can be a significant driver for the balance of 2016 and 2017 performance.
David A. Zapico: No. There is not going to be another cut in the back half. We feel the business has stabilized, key markets, headwinds have stabilized, and our second half looks very much like our first half.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. So there is kind of two questions there. One, really what's driving the takedown and why do we feel good about the stabilization. So I'll take the first point. Really, if you look at it, it can be explained really easily economically. Our organic growth is dropping 2.5 points versus the prior forecast or approximately $100 million. And it's really driven by oil and gas, and metals. That results in a 50% decremental. Oil and gas is one of our most profitable businesses. So if you take that $50 million and you look at the number of shares we have, it turns out to $0.16. So that puts you right in the mid-point of the guidance range. So that's what happens economically. When we look out for the balance of the year, really our EMIP business we thought that was going to pick up and now it's not. And we can talk about that a little more in a bit, but fundamentally we got comfortable with it because it's flat. We saw the same demand patterns in Q1 as we saw Q2 and we're forecasting that for the rest of the year. In terms of our oil and gas business, it dropped lower than we initially anticipated and we had modest improvements in that business and now we're forecasting it flat. And when we look at that business, we really think it's bottomed, based on what our customers are telling us, based on some of the commentary that you have heard from Halliburton, Baker Hughes, Schlumberger where rig counts bottomed in Q2. So that business is down, but we think it's bottomed. To your point, how do we get comfortable with the stability in the year, I'll talk a little about the first half being the second half, being similar, and really embedded within our guidance is really our Q4 is really a carbon copy of what we just did in Q2. So we're not really forecasting a major uptick in the second half. In fact Q3 is down a bit seasonally because of some typical slowness that we've seen in Europe in the summer and we've normal seasonality in Q4, but really Q4 is very similar to Q2. And to your broader point about the forecast and then how we're accurate, why we feel more confident, many of you've followed AMETEK for quite a while and in the past our forecasting process has yielded very consistent results and it hasn't the last few quarters. And it's a difficult environment where we have visibility is weak from our customers and demand is weak in many of our markets, customers are delaying capital projects, customers are managing inventory aggressively, the emerging markets are challenged. But all that said, we have to do a better job forecasting our environment. And I asked Bill, and the Group Presidents to take a look at our forecasting process with a focus on making it more robust given the environment. So we took a different approach to forecasting, we got our entire executive office involved, we took a deep analytical review of each business to understand their forecast and to better assess potential risk. We had conversations with the financial community, so we understood what was happening. And although it was a more time-consuming process, we felt it was the right thing to do at this point. It allowed our executive office, which has a broader field of view than those of our P&L leaders running our niche businesses, who by definition are only going to see a more narrower view of the global economy. We took that broader view, we applied a consensus view of risk, it's reflected in our guidance and the final point, this is a rigorous process and I feel confident in the results.
David A. Zapico: Right. Yeah, our cost reductions are $130 million for the year. So, it's the same number that we communicated last quarter and really on lower volume, we're purchasing less material, but we're confirming the $130 million number. So, the cost reduction is embedded in it. You mentioned Brexit, there is a situation where we are balanced in revenues and expenses. We have 5% of our sales in UK. We're balanced in revenues and expenses, so we have a natural hedge. So we're not going to have any transaction or translation surprise, so we have, expect a short-term impact to be minimal. We've been checking with our UK businesses on a weekly basis. So we haven't seen any downturn in orders yet, mainly because we're in a market that's not maybe tied to the consumer there. And you're right, longer-term impact; it will be driven with the economic growth, on the European and the global growth. And then, this uncertainty is going to go on for some time, but we're feeling pretty good about our exposure. And there are weak global macro conditions. I mean we highlighted oil and gas and metals, but certainly the global economy is not good, and you have the spillover effect from oil and gas into the other markets. So, all the markets are tough. Again, with the first half or the second half they're essentially carbon copies of each other and we are very comfortable with it.
David A. Zapico: Right, sure. First, let me take a moment, in this business, we take metals, metals such as Titanium, Vanadium, Cobalt, Nickel, Molybdenum and process them with very unique processing capabilities into specialty alloys, powders, components and we are very – we have strong niche positions and we feel very good about this business. What's happening is two things, visibility and inventory. In this business, we tend to be four to five levels removed from the ultimate end customer or application. So, as a result the visibility is limited and we can get misaligned with the broader end-market demand given the inventory buildup in the channel and we are seeing this play out right now. To give you a tangible example, we produce specialized master alloys which is a critical component in that the making of titanium parts for aircraft, we're one of the few producers who can make the specialized alloy, but – we're far down removed on the food chain. So, we sell to a titanium melter, who sells to an ingot maker, who sales to a part manufacturer, who sells to a sub-assembly manufacturer, who eventually gets on the airframe. So, we are quite a way removed in this business, different than most of our businesses. And we really, we identify some secondary inventory locations who have some inventory. So although the long-term demand for titanium master alloy, in this case an aircraft, is very strong with new aircraft using more titanium, the short-term demand for alloys has been impacted by this excess inventory in the supply chain.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. It's not going to clear in 2016, but we're still bullish that it's going to clear and it will be in 2017.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Right. That's a great acquisition. We're talking about Nu Instruments and they are very analytical high-end magnetic sector mass spectrometers and the markets that we're in currently are similar to the markets that our CAMECA business is in, the research market and environmental, I mean in the environmental sciences, material characterization, nuclear. But the one new market that we're interested is, they have a new product that's in the food and beverage testing market. And the interesting thing about it, in the news, there is a lot of questions about food contamination and the interesting thing about the new equipment is it is so sensitive, and has a unique processing capability, it can actually tell if there is a contamination, and it's sensitive enough to tell where in the world the food is from. So we're very optimistic for the food testing market, and that business, if you take a step back, the business had basically one sales person. And they have great technology and we're going to plug it into our CAMECA business with a tremendous sales and service network and really optimistic about the potential for Nu.
David A. Zapico: Right. Yeah. Its change from Q2 to Q3 can be explained by lower sales volume. So, our EPS is lower because of volume and typically we have a – Europe has some slower months and we have seasonality in Q3 that drops back a bit. And in Q4, there is really our normal seasonality. And as I said before, Q4 is really a carbon copy of the quarter, we just completed. So, we feel pretty good about it.
David A. Zapico: So, what you really have with Nu – we've paid a price that was a little more than two times sales, close to two times sales. And the, it's nine times the first year EBITDA and HS Foils is smaller. It's significantly smaller. It's a technology acquisition, that's really going to help us drive organic growth and we're optimistic about it, but it's in the low millions of dollars in terms of the technology.
David A. Zapico: No, it's not a permanent change, Matt. I mean, it's an issue where the metals market that I talked before, about the complex supply chain, it's kind of in between us and really good end-markets. And that market is in – it's into stress right now. So the customers are managing their inventories for cash, they're being very aggressive in terms of working capital, but long term, we're very bullish. I mean, if you look at the titanium used in aircraft, if you look at – that's all growing with the A315 and 787, if you look at the other end-market applications in medical and specialized industrial, we're very bullish. I mean, certainly, we have a FX that's creating headwinds with that business along with some of our other business, but there really is no competitive dynamic that's major, and the market is going to return and we're going to have good businesses in good positions, and we just have to wait it out. And we – I talk a lot about the visibility and the inventory, but that's the key factor. It is not an issue where it's not going to come back.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, our backlog is $1.1 billion. I mean, if we look at the run rates and we spend a lot of detail on it, it gives us confidence for the back half of the year. So again, we mentioned that the metals business is already performing from – and that's flat sequentially from Q1 to Q3. There's not much change in the other parts of our business. And there's not much change in the market. You really have a slow global macro environment and the two things we've been trying to get our hands around are really oil and gas, and metals, but the balance of the business is performing as we expected.
David A. Zapico: Another point I would add to that, Richard is, really as you think about what happened last year, our mid and downstream oil and gas businesses were still running very strong. So, you have that business as very profitable and now it has started down. So, that's a – one of the...
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The regional bizjet market, if you recall in 2015 we talked about some wins and new product wins and some retrofit opportunities and this year really in that regional business jet were down about 18% and you have some of the wins we talked about, I'll threw a couple of examples out with HondaJet. Well, we were design into the HondaJet. We're making significant shipment commitments, but the HondaJet has been delayed. So there is – that market is down. We were over performing in 2015 when the market was flat and we're really at the market levels but dropping back. And I point to some programs that are not repeating or delayed.
David A. Zapico: The commercial market is strong and there is really no change in that. We have – there we have – if you look historically we're mainly a Boeing airframe company and over the past 10 years we've diversified our market to be even between Boeing and Airbus. So we're kind of don't care who wins, we win with both and we got more content on newer aircrafts. So even though the airframes are relatively flat, we're so growing in commercial and we feel good about that right now.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I see your point, it's difficult to predict what's going to happen in the first few years. And I did a lot of assessment of AMETEK's performance obviously, before I got into the role. And I'm a bit biased and look at our earnings growth through that – through the cycle of the last 10 years, we grew earnings 16% compounded annually. And I'd give our self a good grade for that, an A. Margins, same kind of thing, highest margins in the industrial space, cash flow generation has been outstanding, our return on capital well in excess of our cost of capital. And our capital deployment spend has been excellent. We're using our free cash flow to acquire good businesses and make them better. But in my role, dealing with your question, organic growth is important and certainly over the next few years when the environment can be slower, we can deal with flatter markets, and taken the current aftermarket headwinds aside with oil and gas, and metals, but separate from that, when we return to more flattish, stabilized markets, we need to adapt our strategy to the potential new reality in the marketplace. And really, when I look at it to ensure that we're going to be able to double our earnings over the next five years by low to mid-single digit organic growth and adding on acquisitions of 5% to 10% a year, we need to do a better job of organic growth. And in our organic growth, we've been average, we've been average compared against some good companies, but we can definitely improve. So we can do this under the construct of our existing growth strategies and expand our operational excellence toolkit and put more tools in that toolkit to focus on our sales and marketing processes. Really, making the front-end of our business as good as our operations. And that's going to be an area of focus for me and my team, and it's going to take some time, it's not going to be something that moves in the short term, but I'm confident they can get better. So we're focused on making organic growth better. To your exact question, I think in a slow environment, we're going to have to boost it a little bit to get that low to mid-single digit organic growth that will allow us to double the earnings of the company.
David A. Zapico: Right, it was difficult to hear you, but I think I have your question. Yeah, the oil and gas business as we talked before was lower than forecasted in Q2, but stabilized. So we saw orders in that second quarter that really matched our Q3 volume level. So we feel good about that. Coming into the year, it was about a $360 million business for AMETEK, about a third of that is upstream, a third of that is midstream and a third of that is downstream. The business is one-third in the US and two-thirds international. So we have a $120 million take down this year. So the $360 million is going to be down $120 million, that's about a third, and it's about $60 million down in upstream, and $60 million down the combination of midstream and downstream. So if you look at our upstream exposure, that's down about 60%, and our midstream and downstream exposure is about 20%.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The pricing in the energy market is below the average for the whole company. It's a very difficult environment. They've had to reduce costs to stay in business. We still can maintain pricing because we have very premier positions with niche-differentiated technologies. But it's certainly not at the AMETEK level on average and it's down a bit in the energy market, more in the upstream than the midstream and downstream.
David A. Zapico: Sure. Organic orders were minus 7%, so that was in line with sales. And our EIG organic orders were down 5% and EMG organic orders were down 9%.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, sure, Bhupender. I'll go around the world. In the US, we were down high single-digits versus last year. There are broader industrial weakness, but the key factors driving the negative growth were oil and gas and metals. In Europe, it's been – it was down low-single-digit. So we've been at that level for several quarters. Oil and gas impacted the region, but we don't have much metals exposure in Europe. And in Asia, we were down mid-single-digits and China was down mid-single-digits. So, there is a little bit of an improvement in China, there was a better trend for Asia where we were down double-digits for three quarters in a row and now we are down mid-single-digits and China was a negative for us. So, orders for the region, the entire Asia region were a little bit better than prior years. So, it seems to be that, that Asia is stabilizing, China is stabilizing and the one emerging market that I'd point out is doing better than the others is India, that's about the mid-single-digit growth, and it's a much smaller exposure but our investments there are paying off.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. If I look at the trends in the US even though we're down high-single digits, it's slightly better from last quarter. Europe, that same trend is continuing and in Asia, we are improving a bit but really it's – we don't have anything factored in, it's really a down mid-single-digit. So, geographic-wise it's square with our concept of stabilization. I mean fundamentally our business has stabilized and then – and we are working on our earnings growth for 2017 now. We're focused on our business. We are getting ready to go into our budgeting process and that budgeting process that we go through in Q3 and spreads into Q4, there is really no area immune from efficiency improvement. We are going to look at things like global sourcing, low-cost region production, value analysis, value engineering, plant consolidations, engineering, all of the tools that we have and we are going to get a healthy cost reduction target. And we're going to pair that with acquisitions and that's how we are going to grow our earnings next year. So the geography is not a big factor in thinking through what we have to do for the balance of the year or what we have to do next year.
David A. Zapico: Right, right. For the year, we're saying operating income margins will be down a 130 basis points to 170 basis points. In the longer term – I mean given our high margin contribution margin businesses and given our operational excellence capabilities as far as the eye can see, when we get out of these market conditions and we return to internal growth we have the same 30 bps of margin expansion for the long-term.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. That's direct exposure, it's not indirect exposure, saw some impact in other markets that are not oil and gas related but that's a direct exposure and that will be done about a $120 million this year.
David A. Zapico: No – yeah, the total market exposure for AMETEK, most of it's in process. But, the total market expansion for AMETEK, exposure – going into the year with $360 million, that's the entire exposure. I was talking about the indirect exposure. For example, when you look at the helicopter market, I mean they're using helicopters to fly to offshore platform. So there's less demand for helicopters and that's in our business jet, regional jet segment. That's what we report it. So when I was talking indirect, I was talking about the total oil and gas exposure is the $360 million.
Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And if I go back like a few quarters here when Frank was there, he did mention that AMETEK could actually grow their margins by 30 bps to 40 bps I believe, if I'm right even in a declining organic growth sales. Now, how should we think about the back half of this year, are we – any assumptions here, where the focus will be more on the cost side as the macro is kind of...
Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC: Okay got it. And lastly, just wanted to tap into your oil and gas, you just gave a number of $360 million, is that company-wide, that's the direct exposure or ...
Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC: Right, that's what, I just want to get a sense of – because when we think of AMETEK we think of oil and gas to be about like let's say 9% of total sale, which is about like $360 million which we just gave.
Bhupender Bohra - Jefferies LLC: When we look at indirect exposure within EMRP and some other markets where oil and gas is definitely one of the markets where you're serving. I don't know if you've done some work internally to kind of give us a sense of what the indirect exposure would be.
