Dave Zapico: Yes. I mean the orders have been very strong and I think it reflects organic growth initiatives and also the recovery of the economy. And we're doing very well, and if you look at our portfolio the one aspect that hasn't fully recovered is really our aerospace and defense business and our oil and gas businesses. But the rest of the portfolio, their mid-cycle businesses are doing incredibly well and I call out our automation business, which is doing extremely well, and I'd also call out our process business, which has really got momentum. But it's across the board and on top of that, it was – for the quarter, the way the quarter played out, it was each month of the quarter got better. And on orders, December was the highest month we had in the whole year. So we ended on strength and we have a very healthy backlog. And the one thing I mentioned a few calls ago is I think our customers, because of some supply chain challenges across all the market, are giving us a look into what their demand patterns are. So we're seeing orders earlier, but that doesn't take away from the strength that we're feeling in the business.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think the – we're making broad-based growth investments, and we're getting tremendous return from our engineering investment and it's across the board. You understand the way we manage our portfolio, but the sustainability opportunities for us are growing, and we're investing them. This year, we'll put about $110 million of incremental growth investments in our business. So that's on top of last year's incremental investments and those are in RD&E in sales and marketing. But fundamentally, we see opportunities and we're going to invest in additional $110 million, and we're going to keep the momentum going.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I'll try to give you some more color there. I mean, everything that you said is true and we're experiencing the same challenges as everyone is with supply chain, logistics, labor availability. And the Omicron variant certainly added a lot fourth quarter and Q1. But our overall response to these challenges has been outstanding. And I think the first point is our distributed business model, where we have committed P&L managers running their business units with their own supply chain teams, which allows them to react quickly to changing conditions. And at the same time we have these business teams; we have a corporate centralized supply chain team that acts with all the combined leverage in the forte of AMETEK. And these teams work seamlessly together, and this overall approach has been extremely effective for us. As I mentioned in the last quarter and this quarter, it's directly what you said semiconductor chip availability, we have a lot of shortages, but that's the biggest area. And that's the one that's the most challenging and we're going after that a few ways. I mean, we're using our leverage of AMETEK. We have relationships built-up over a long period of time with the supply base. Our engineering capability is second to none, and we use it to qualify second sources, find alternatives, do redesigns and we've also taken a team of people across the company. Some of them are based on our Bangalore engineering office. Some of them are based in Germany. Some of them are based in the U.S., and that team is available to quickly help our business units for shortages and find alternatives, and that's working quite well. So we don't really improve – anticipate improvements and availability of semiconductor chips until the second half of 2022 at the earliest, and it's certainly a challenge. But I think we've had an effective response to it for the reasons that I just mentioned.
Dave Zapico: Sure. I'll start with the Process business. The Process overall sales were up 20% – low 20% in the quarter driven by strong organic sales growth and the contributions from the acquisitions of Magnetrol and Alphasense. Organic sales were up high teens for process. Our Materials Analysis businesses showed the strongest growth, they were driven by as I said in my prepared remarks, like Gatan and CAMECA. The businesses have leading positions providing high-end instrumentation into life sciences and semiconductor markets. And looking ahead for Process, we expect organic sales for our Process businesses to be up mid- to high-single digits for the full year. Now I'll switch to Aerospace. Overall sales for Aerospace & Defense businesses were up over 40% in the fourth quarter, driven by the acquisition of Abaco and mid-single-digit organic sales growth. Our commercial businesses led to growth in the quarter driven by strong aftermarket and business jet growth, while our defense businesses were down slightly in the quarter due to some shipment delays, it still had another strong year. Shifting to 2020, while we remain cautious about the patient the commercial aerospace recovery we're still well positioned to benefit from the recovery, given our attractive positions in a diverse set of commercial and business jet platforms. So for 2022, we expect mid-single-digit organic sales growth for our Aerospace & Defense businesses with both defense and commercial expected to be up mid-single digits. And I go to our Power & Industrial market segment next. Overall sales for Power & Industrial were up over 25% in the fourth quarter and a very good fourth quarter, driven by mid-teens organic sales growth and the contributions from the acquisition of NSI-MI. And for all of 2022, we expect Power & Industrial to be up mid-single digits with similar growth across our Power and Industrial segments. And finally our Automation & Engineered Solutions. both overall and organic growth for Automation & Engineered Solutions were up low 20% in the quarter. Automation businesses delivered outstanding growth in the quarter and full year with continued solid demand across our end markets. And in 2022, we expect organic sales for Automation and Engineered Solutions to be up mid- to high-single digits with similar growth across our Automation & Engineered Solutions. So if you look at the big picture, our Process and Automation & Engineered Solutions, market segments are going to be up mid- to high-single digits and Aerospace and Power and Industrial will be up mid-single digits.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I'd say that – I think we're going to have another good margin year. Our, I think core operating margins will be up in that 30 to 40 basis point range. And I think core and reported incrementals will be in that 30% range. I mean in the – and in Q4, we had really healthy margins. Our core incrementals, our reported incrementals are 21%, but when you back out the acquisitions, we had healthy core incrementals of 32%. And I think that's going to continue into 2022. So I'm pretty bullish about the things that we're doing on cost management and improvement in the cost structure.
Dave Zapico: Sure. I can do that. If you look at Q4, our organic orders for the total company were up 22%, and EIG orders were up 21% and EMG orders were up 23%. So really strong growth across both growth groups of the company and the book-to-bill was 1.07.
Dave Zapico: Absolutely, absolutely, Scott. I mean we'd love to put more M&A to our EMG segment, specifically in our automation businesses. We're just knocking it out of the park there, and we made some good acquisitions in the past years and couple that with some really good organic growth and an excellent engineering capability. In fact, we did a really small acquisition in 2021 to add some robotic capability to that business. But that's an area we also like our thermal management system business, commercial and defense business, but they're – we have a good leadership position, and we have some – we're looking hard there. So EMG is going to – EMG is getting looked at very hardly in terms of M&A, and their past performance has been fantastic.
Dave Zapico: Now research is about 10% of our sales in the process group and you're right, it's an important market for us. And what we saw mainly in the beginning of 2021 is the industrial research market was very good, but the universities took time to pick up because of the impacts of the pandemic. And what you're seeing right now is, I highlighted in my talk, the Gatan business, and that's more life sciences research and they're doing extremely well. And other parts of that business or the research market are picking up nicely. So it's not going to be as big of a growth driver because of the nature of the funding, but we're clearly transitioning from a more difficult funding environment during – and at the start of the pandemic to a better funding environment at this stage of the pandemic where I'd say all aspects of the research market are getting back to business.
Dave Zapico: Great questions, Rob, I mean, the first one is the Omicron variant. I believe we have a lot of statistics when you look at outside the world, and we also have our own internal statistics for AMETEK. And it looks like the peak infections are cresting. So I think the last two weeks, we were down a bit, and we had the highest level of infections prior to that. So it's clearly the same things that are happening outside of AMETEK are happening inside of AMETEK, but we're doing a pretty good job of managing through it. But it does cause absenteeism and it does cause labor availability and it's a challenge every day when something changes to manage through that. So that's clearly – that's part of the issue we're dealing with Q1. And our guide range is a little bit broader because of that. But our people are doing a fantastic job. When you talk about the long-term and runway and automation and semiconductors, we're seeing that. And if you think – I talked a little about the automation market and how we've done past acquisitions to acquire pieces of the automation, motion control, subassemblies that we've now put together, and we're very capable of quickly develop custom designs for our customers. We're kind of unique in that capability and we're winning a lot there. And I think that's going to continue. And when you look at the semiconductor market, really solid growth in Q4, but it's continuing. And we're competing in two parts of that market. We work in the research market. And I mentioned our CAMECA business did very well. That business is benefiting from the research side of semiconductors. And then you got some new technology that are going into the ramp in chip production. And some of the new technology uses something called EUV optics, and our Zygo business is an expert in that and there's only a couple of people in the world that are an expert in that. So, we're benefiting from the transition to EUV optics in the semiconductor industry, and that trend is just getting started. So, I'm not saying there's going to be some ups and downs as we go forward, but we're really well positioned in both automation and semiconductors as we look forward.
Dave Zapico: Yes. Sure. I'll talk to that. The first point is I'll give a whole geographical look at our business first in Q4. It was a strong, broad-based growth across all geographies. In the U.S., we were up mid-teens and notable strength in our Automation businesses. In Europe, we were up mid-30s. So, we bounced back nicely there, and we had notable strength in both our Automation and Process businesses. And in Asia, we were up 4% and notable strength in Process and Automation there also. So broad-based firing on all cylinders. Your point is a good one. The reaction that COVID is handled differently in parts of the world. So, you can have, semiconductor plants are being shut down or blocking access to certain countries at times, and we've been managing through that at the start of the pandemic. But in particular, you asked about China, and we were up 2% in China, very solid because we had a really strong comparison, and we had a really strong year. So notable strength in Zygo, notable strength in process and China is strong for us, it has been strong all year and then put in a strong quarter. So as the outlook, we see for our types of businesses in our niche markets where we're competing solid pipeline of growth in China continuing.
Dave Zapico: Yes, I think we're seeing some strength in our commercial businesses for sure. They were up low double digits in the quarter driven by aftermarket and business yet. But we're being cautious for the year because of the pandemic's impact on travel and different impacts in different parts of the world. And we think we're still going to have a good year. We're going to be up mid-single digits. And we're ready for that market to inflect upwards. It might happen in the second half of this year but it might be 2023 also. We're not sure.
Dave Zapico: I think you see two things. I mean the aftermarket is a leading indicator, and the industry went through a hard shutdown and now it's recovering, and we're seeing good aftermarket. And business jets are a function of people deciding to travel differently.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I'll start with the money first. We're putting about $40 million into increased R&D, and we're putting about $70 million into increased sales and marketing. And on the R&D side, it's across a wide range of platforms. We're not dependent on any one platform, and our business leaders put forth where they want to spend our incremental growth investments. So, it's spread out amongst good opportunities across our business. And in terms of the sales and marketing, we're doing a lot of work on e-commerce on digitization, and those are investments that will pay off very quickly, and they're already providing return for us because we sell to our customers different now through the pandemic, and we're expanding on our capability in that area.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think with our budget and increases sequentially each quarter, which is typical of an AMETEK budget, but we're seeing strong growth in Q1. So, your point is taken. When I look at our budget, just based on simple economics, we've guided to be up about 10%, and that's about $500 million. And if you apply a 30% to 35% contribution margin on that increase. You'll get a number that's in the range of the guidance that we gave you. Now in that number, there is a lot of new investments, there's cost savings, there's acquisitions that we did last year, there are some headwinds with below-the-line type things, taxes, shares, a little bit higher interest cost. But when you bake the cake and you put it all together, it's a pretty simple picture. Sales are up 10%. That's about $500 million, and we're going to get a 30% to 35% contribution margin on. So, it's pretty clear from that perspective.
Dave Zapico: Yes. We did talk about the – it was 32% core for the whole company, and it was reported 2021. So, we really had a good performance core. And you had...
Dave Zapico: [Indiscernible] business was up two sixty or two thirty, so it was good. So, the margins across the board were good for the company. And you look at EIG, you look at EMG, there are some acquisitions that depress EIGs but the incrementals were 32% for the whole company. The EIG core incrementals were 33% and the EMG core incrementals were 38%. So, the reported incrementals for EIG were a little bit lower because of the acquisitions, but really strong core incremental margins across the company.
Dave Zapico: I believe it was 16% in the bridge for EPS for 2022. And I believe it was about the same for 2021. But that $0.16 is included in the economics of the budgets that I talked about just a few minutes ago.
Dave Zapico: Rob, Kevin just told me, I said $0.16. It's actually $0.18. So, its $0.18 in 2022 and it happened to be $0.18 in 2021. So it's $0.18 for both of them.
Dave Zapico: Yes. I think it's forced us to move faster and getting the AMETEK culture installed and getting the AMETEK processes installed. So, the differences are obvious, and we're working with the teams, and the integration of AMETEK is going very well. And it's early in the ownership, and we usually take it slower, but the environment made us go faster and they're integrating nicely into the company. And the benefits of our distributed operating models, we can take on a bunch of deals like that and be able to integrate them all. And they are fantastic businesses. I mean they each fit perfectly with our acquisition strategy. They are leaders in niche markets. Each have strong differentiated technology positions and they are expanding our presence in attractive markets. So, the acquisitions are going very well. And myself, and Bill and the group presidents have been spending a lot of time on them.
Dave Zapico: It can be years. It really could be years. And specifically with Abaco, I mean, that team there is really talented, and were into the high 90% of the integration, and it's a high-quality management team. In terms of the org structure, we've combined it with our AMETEK Aerospace PDS business unit. So, when we looked at this business, we think there's a lot of synergies. So, we formed one division, and we now have a seasoned AMETEK P&L leader running the division along with the seasoned AMETEK CFO and along with a seasoned AMETEK HR person. So, we've installed some people there to help them – Abaco understand the AMETEK Ultera – at the same time, we're learning a lot from Abaco also because they have a lot of talent. So, I think this combination over the long run is going to be good for both businesses, and it's going to drive sales and cost synergy for both the AMETEK PDS business and Abaco.
