David Zapico: Sure, Matt. In the first quarter, our pricing continued to more than offset inflation. Pricing was about 5% and inflation was about 4%, so the spread was a little over 100 basis points. And for 2022, we expect price to be in the 4.5% to 5% range and the inflation to be in the 4% to 4.5% range, so about a 50% positive spread in our guide. And the results speak to the highly differentiated nature of AMETEK product portfolio and our leadership positions and niches, the investments we're making in our products and technologies. And we've been staying ahead of inflation, as we said we would for probably the last year or so when we saw it coming down the line, so…
David Zapico: Yes, it's a good observation, Matt and it's fundamentally driven by the China lockdown scenario. You know, we have about 9% of our sales are out of China and we've been successful running a profitable growing operation there for many years. We have tremendous customer base, improving manufacturing processes, making the environment cleaner, improving research and development capabilities, and that's going to continue. But right now, several of our major facilities are in the Shanghai area and they're in a lockdown situation either and not operating or operating in a significantly reduced capacity and that's impacting a lot of our business. And our best assessment of what we know right now is, about a half of our China sales will be impacted in the quarter. So that's about 4% to 5% of our sales or $65 million or $70 million. So if you take that out of the guide, you'll see that the balance of AMETEK is going up in Q2. So it's really the fact that, of lower business activities in China, because of the lockdown situations and because of our proximity to Shanghai and some of our major operations. Now those sales are just going to be delayed. They're going to get delayed from the second quarter to the second half of the year and so we have to get through the lockdown in Q2.
David Zapico: Sure Deane. I'll take you through the major markets first. Our process businesses were up 20% in the quarter, strong demand organic sales growth, contribution from the acquisitions of Magnetrol or and Alphasense. So organic sales for process were up mid teens in the quarter. Growth broad based, I mentioned in the prepared remarks the Ultra Precision Technologies business really saw excellent growth in the quarter. End market demand remained strong, all key and markets including semiconductor, research and medical are very strong. Additionally, we're seeing increased demand for our solutions serving sustainability initiatives with our instrumentation being used to reduce harmful emissions and process -- and improve process efficiency. So look at process our biggest segment for all of 2022, we continue to expect organic sales for our process businesses to be mid to high single digits. Next, our aerospace business. Our aerospace business was organically up low single digits in the quarter up in the mid 20s range for the first quarter in overall sales. In the quarter, we saw strength in commercial aerospace, being partially offset by delays in defense shipments caused by U.S. Government spending. So our commercial side of that business was up low double digits and our defense side of that business was down mid single digits. And for the full year we expect to be up mid single digits with commercial up high single digits and defense up low single digits for aerospace. Next, power and industrial. Overall sales were also up in the mid 20s, so good quarter at power and industrial. We had mid teens organic sales growth and the contributions from our acquisition of NSI-MI, so strong balanced sales growth across both power and industrial. And we expect organic sales for our power and industrial businesses to be up mid single digits with similar growth across both segments. And finally, our automation and engineering solutions, both overall and organic sales for automation and engineered solutions businesses were up mid teens on a percentage basis in the quarter with solid demand continuing across our end markets. For the full year, we continue to expect organic sales to be up for our automation engineered solutions business up mid to high single digits with similar growth across each business. So, strong performance across the entire business. I'll talk about the geography, you asked that question too. Strong broad based growth across all geographies, up mid teens in Europe, U.S. and Asia. China we were up 10% on an as reported basis, so good quarter there also. So when you look across the globe, there's really not a blemish in terms of growth, so we're feeling good about that also. With our orders, we think there's strong growth ahead.
David Zapico: There really wasn't. The closure of China occurred late in the quarter, very late in the quarter and we had a heads up that that was happening. So we were able to really meet our demand requirements in the first quarter. But at the same time, overall for the company, there was -- there continued to be orders that did not ship in the first quarter and they were in that $50 million plus range. So if we were operating at 100% of supply chain, and everything else that was going on, we probably would have shipped another $50 million plus out in the first quarter.
David Zapico: It is quite strong across the board. I think over 90% of our business units had double digit sales and double digit orders and the ones that didn't were in the high single digits. So the orders are good, the sales are good. There's absolutely no slowdown that we see. You know, as I told you, couple of quarters ago, customers are giving us an early look into their demands, that's continuing, and but I really see no slowdown at all on that, at 22% orders and 18% orders growth and it is broad based and I think, on an order basis, organic orders EIG was 19 and EMG was 15, so both very strong.
David Zapico: Sure. We remain active. We're looking at multiple deals. As always, we are focused on long-term returns. The one point that's -- it's a factor right now, if you look at private company multiples, and public company multiples. And with the stock market obviously, public company multiples have come in a bit, but the private company multiples are above public company multiples, and they're being stingy and reflecting what's happening in public markets. So there's a bit of a delay and some of the private businesses were looking at premium multiples. And I think that's causing some transactions to get pushed to the right. The difference between private and public multiples and the fact that the owners of the private businesses are holding on right now to -- for higher multiples from the public market.
David Zapico: No, not a forecast, it is a comment, but it is a factor that is impacting valuations. But we have a very, very good pipeline, both smaller deals, public and private and I expect that you'll be hearing from us this year. And as you know, we're always focused on long-term returns, so we have to see value in what we're buying and we're very active right now.
David Zapico: Yes, Europe was up 16% in the quarter, broad base strength. We had notable strength in our process businesses. Clearly there's some impact in the energy area and what the Ukraine crisis, the war in Ukraine, some of our products are used to help people get fuel efficiency, some of our products are used in applications that are actually helping those customers deal with higher energy costs. So right now, we're not seeing a slowdown. We read the press clippings like you have, but right now we're full go in Europe.
David Zapico: It is possible, Scott. I mean, that's -- our guidance is it, for it to narrow, but certainly we've been doing an excellent job. And I think our intention will be to try to maintain the same thread, but our guidance is for that to narrow a bit.
David Zapico: Yes, what drove the growth in our commercial, the low double digits was really the aftermarket and the business jet. Those markets both outperformed the OE.
David Zapico: My sense is from our perspective, that market is going to continue to improve and it's one of our longer cycle exposures, and we're looking for a good continued growth in commercial in 2023.
David Zapico: Yes it can continue to creep up and we've got an incredible credible range of new products were being introduced. And they're also you think about, were the heat exchangers I've talked about from our Hughes-Treitler/Rotron business, I mean, we're saving 1 million tons of CO2. That's almost the entire carbon footprint of AMETEK over 10 years. It's an incredible design. It reduces weight. It's just a fantastic thing design and were already designed in and it's really bullish for the future. So we have the engineering capability to meet the needs of the customers in these changing times where sustainability is a more important factor. And I'm very excited about our product development. That's why we're investing heavily in that area and we have good things to come.
David Zapico: Sure, the first point is we are a sizable U.S. exporter and that's a correct statement, but our products are also very differentiated. So as evidenced by our price inflation spread so far, we're able to offset the higher U.S. dollar.
David Zapico: The second point is our hedging strategy and actually, we don't have hedging strategy, because we're naturally hedged. So pretty much across the board, we spent a lot of time and this is about tenure all the time, it's a long period of time. We're naturally hedged in each of our locations that we operate. So our revenues and expenses naturally offset. And to give you an example, in this quarter where, you had a strong dollar, and there was some currency implications, it did impact our top line, but our bottom line across the whole enterprise, it was less than a penny impact on earnings. So we've got this natural hedging strategy and through the past tenure, you can go back and look at it, it works very well. We are a U.S. exporter, but we got the pricing leverage through our differentiated technology. So strong dollar is not usually an insurmountable win [ph] for us.
David Zapico: Yes, the pipeline is improving in international markets. We have businesses located in the UK besides Abaco that are also benefiting. So the fact that the international defense market is improving is a good thing for our aerospace and defense business.
David Zapico: Yes. Yes, the U.S. defense budget is good from our perspective in areas that we're investing. I mean, when you look at the whole thing, it was probably flattish to up a bit. So, but there's ample spending going on for us and we're really, it's a budget that we can work with. What hit us a bit in the first quarter and I talked about our defense businesses being down were the delays from the continuing resolution where no one has funding. So what we're seeing now is an uptick in order patterns and the second half of the year we expect that market to improve substantially.
