Dave Zapico: Sure. I will start with the process business. Overall sales for process were down mid-single digits in the quarter. We had the contributions from the Gatan acquisition and they were offset by an organic sales decline and it was in line with AMETEK’s overall organic sales decline. We saw sequential improvements in sales during the quarter, with this improvement being widespread across our process businesses. Our CAMECA and ZYGO businesses had solvent quarters, driven in part by their exposures to research and semiconductor markets. They did very well and we expect continued solid sequential improvements in sales for process during the fourth quarter. I will go into aerospace next. Both overall and organic sales for our entire A&D business were down mid-teens in the quarter, showing nice sequential growth from the second quarter. Similar to the second quarter, there was a meaningful difference in performance between our defense and commercial aerospace businesses. Our defense businesses continue to see solid demand, with sales up low-double digits on a percentage basis versus last year, while the commercial aerospace businesses were down about 35% versus last year. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect demand to maintain -- to be relatively flat or sequentially versus the third quarter, as the broad commercial aerospace market continues to adjust to the uncertain demand environment due to COVID-19. And next our Power & Industrial market segment, overall sales for Power & Industrial were down low-double digits in the third quarter, with contributions from IntelliPower being offset by a mid-teens organic sales decline. Demand levels in the third quarter improved nicely from the second quarter and we expect sequential improvements again in the fourth quarter. And finally for our Automation & Engineered Solution market segment, organic sales in the third quarter for A&ES were down mid-teens on a percentage basis. We saw modest sequential improvements in these businesses in the third quarter as we had expected with applications tied to medical markets performing well. We also saw a return to growth in China for Automation & Engineered Solution business in the quarter and as with the other sub-segments we expect sequential improvements across both our Automation & Engineered Solution businesses in the fourth quarter. That’s a walk around the company, Matt.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I think the -- I will go with the price first. The -- we are very pleased to see our pricing held up well. Q3 was similar to Q2. We achieved about 0.5 of price across our entire business. Total inflation and the impact of tariffs was about a point. So we had a 50 basis points of positive spread added to margins. And your second question was on sourcing savings, that -- we consider that part of structural savings and it was about $60 million.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. The one point, though, to finish, it was $60 million for the year, to Matt. And go ahead, Deane.
Dave Zapico: Sure. In terms of orders in Q3, it was pretty typical trend for us with September being the strongest month of the quarter. In fact, it was our strongest month since I believe February back in Q1, when we started to really feel the impact of the virus. That’s orders. In terms of sales, September, again, was our highest month of the quarter and the highest month of the year so far. And in terms of October, obviously, it is not completed yet, but it looks good. Orders are trending well and it is supportive of our guidance in Q4, which shows solid sequential improvement.
Dave Zapico: We saw sequential improvements in orders and sales. I believe August was a bit of an outlier, but August is always tricky for us. So in general, it was a trend upward with September the highest in both sales and in orders.
Dave Zapico: All right. That’s a great question. One way to think about it is, if I take the two most challenged markets out, the commercial aerospace and the oil and gas, sales were down approximately 10%. And another way to think about that is, our defense showed strong growth in the third quarter, up mid-teens. Our healthcare business was just slightly down because of the -- we had COVID-related demand that was strong, but we had -- people weren’t going to hospitals and getting surgical procedures, so that was off a little bit. But the combinations of both the defense and medical was clearly our strongest and that was about flat.
Dave Zapico: So sequentially we are saying it’s going to be flat and that’s both for military and commercial aerospace.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. The first comment is, that’s one of the hallmarks of AMETEK is our-- we think about working capital is being very -- you have to run businesses where you are efficient with working capital and there’s some elements that really over performed and I will let Bill comment on that.
Dave Zapico: The first point I would make is, the temporary cost savings will be at a run rate of about $10 million in the fourth quarter. The second point is related to next year. What we -- we are in a situation. We have to sit down with all of our teams, our budgeting processes in November. It’s a bottoms-up comprehensive planning process for each business unit. They are going to look at growth in each of their markets, customer plans, competitive dynamics, investment opportunities, capital projects, cost reductions and part of that discussion is going to be how fast the temporary costs are going to come back and what the impact is year-over-year. At a high level, travel is a part of that and it is going to come back slowly through the year, but some of the costs have already been restored. So we really don’t have a detailed plan on that next year, because we haven’t done our budgeting yet. We start that process in November. But that’s how I think about it.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I think that’s an area that we are definitely looking at. I mean it’s broad based. We -- as you know, we have a decentralized business model and we get acquisition plans rolled up through our businesses through an adjacency process. And we are looking at all parts of the business in all areas and we are seeing an uptick in opportunity -- uptick in discussions. But they could come from all parts of our business. But the area that you highlighted is a particularly interesting one to us.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I -- most of the products that we sell are at a price range that could be considered both OpEx or CapEx. So we really don’t segment it that way. But certainly the -- you think about the big projects and the big project businesses and our oil and gas business and our metals business and some of the heavier industries are delayed right now, but the operating expenditures are continuing. So I don’t have a percentage to give you but that’s how we think about it.
Dave Zapico: No. In fact, our -- in the research market for CAMECA, they are selling million -- $3 million tools and that’s one of the businesses that I highlighted in process to talk about on our -- so that’s not the case. I mean, that’s a university market or a research market, very expensive. The key there is that we have the best products and we are the only one in the world that makes an atomprobe and we have a unique SIMs capability. So people say they budget for our products and we build products, and they deliver them. So -- and CAMECA, which is a CapEx market for us, had one of their best quarters. So it is…
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it’s a -- it was a good performance. Remember, we thought we were going to be down in the mid-to-high 40s and we ended up down 35% in the commercial aerospace. Our teams did an excellent job. When you look at the different sub-segments, the third-party aftermarket and the commercial OEM ended up being down similar with business jet and we thought business jet would be higher and the third-party aftermarket and the commercial OEM would be lower and those two sub-segments performed better. But I -- that’s as much of backlog and things like that. Commercial is finding a bottom. There are many variables, including government support, airline capacity decisions, obviously, the confidence of the flying public. When we thought about our business sequentially, that’s the only part of our business we think will not improve. So definitely a better quarter, I can’t comment on the performance of other companies, because I really don’t know it. But I know our team did a good job on shipping product and as a negative 35%, pleased with the performance. This is as strange as that sounds.
Dave Zapico: … $45 million of it is structural and $10 million of it is temporary. And I am going to give you -- there’s a $50 million carryover from the restructuring that we did earlier in the year. But in terms of getting into any specifics, I am going to not answer the question for next year. Our budgeting process is going to be in November and really there’s a lot of discussion on cost reduction, investments and the temporary costs that are going to come back and that all goes into a mix. It will be a pretty complex budgeting process this year with the pandemic. There’s some extra variables in it. So I am not going to comment on what the savings will be for next year.
Dave Zapico: No. I don’t think so. But we are going to go through our budgeting processes and something may come out of there. But we don’t have anything planned in Q4.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I think there is some activity out there where people are anticipating possibly a tax rate change. So there’s some people that are -- have their businesses out there as part of the uptick and pipeline opportunities. And in terms of the overall uncertainty in the global environment, if you are a smaller owner of a company that has all of these dynamics in terms of COVID and geopolitical issues, and issues with China, you are certainly a little unsettled. And we have known these people for year -- years and we are certainly having discussions with them in terms of when the right time for them to sell their business is.
Dave Zapico: I would say no competition change that is noticeable. It’s been about the same for the last couple years.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I think elective procedures for us, we think it is going to stay at a reduced level until next year, is the -- we are hearing from customers. So we think we will have another quarter in Q4 of some kind of reduced elective procedures and then it will recover next year. And I anticipate they are working off backlog and there is less demand with COVID, so that market will correct itself as time goes on.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I am not sure what our competitors have cited. But we are down a bit in numbers that you put out there 90% or 95% kind of makes sense.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. The first question is, I am really not going to comment on the military demand environment next year, but the spending pattern, those things are relatively healthy and we will see what the political environment brings, but usually those changes occur slowly over time. So you think the overall spending environment will be supportive next year and our quoting activity shows that. In terms of the COVID-related products, I mean, the first thing I pointed to is the land temperature measurement, where we are doing body temperature scanning. When I came into work today, I went through the land system. It’s very quick, easy, efficient and measures body temperature. The other things that are happening in our Automation business, there’s a lot of COVID testing devices that require sample automation, movement of samples very precisely through testing. The demand in that business is very strong. We are also seeing some demand for temporary setups in hospital type situations with our Rauland Healthcare businesses. So we are really seeing some pockets of improved demand and that’s built into the overall story.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Yeah. I will take the second question first. I mean, our orders for October are very good. They are in line with what we are expecting and we are seeing no geographical problems at this point. In terms of the third quarter, the geographical third quarter, we had positive sequential trends across all geographies, with Europe and U.S. remaining the most challenged. So the U.S. was down I think 13%, broad based weakness. Europe was down 20% on broad based weakness. Asia was down mid-single digits. We had a good strength in EMG in China and China was positive at plus 3% for us. So -- but all geographies improved sequentially.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Yeah. Yes. It is. It is pretty well split between the two. So EIG is a little bit higher because of the relative size of it, but it is split based on volume.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. That’s a great question, Andrew. And when you think about it, we are getting better at living with the virus. Our customers are getting better at living with the virus. Our suppliers are getting better at living with the virus. And there is an uptick in cases, especially in Europe and the Western U.S. and we are watching that closely. But we expect to continue to run as an essential business and our customers are essential customers and they are expecting to continue to run. So business activity levels are continuing to improve and even in Europe when you some increased lockdowns to certain degrees, essential businesses are still operating. So that is really the broader context that we used to reinstate guidance and talking with our teams they are confident they can deliver the fourth quarter.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. As I said, a couple of times, we are not going to talk about next year. We are going to work with our teams. But in general, we are seeing a pretty substantial improvement quarter-to-quarter and we will find out the details with our teams. But I would expect that improvement trend will continue into next year, and as I talked earlier on this call about AMETEK, typically has responded positively to a deep downturn. So we will find that all out. We don’t know about the timing and there may be some COVID-related demand that falls off. But there is also going to be some demand that was impacted by COVID that is going to improve. So we will figure that out during our budget process.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Our cost of sales includes engineering and that’s historically how we have done that and we have not had a discussion recently of changing that.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. Automation is one of them. Automation did well in the third quarter. It did better than our Engineered Services business and they are seeing that demand. They also saw good strength in China from that. And when you think about the product that I talked about today from Creaform, that’s all product for at-line metrology. So our Automation businesses and Instrumentation businesses are very well-positioned to do -- to improve in an environment that includes re-shoring. We have a lot of products that our customers use to make their manufacturing more efficient and more productive. So that’s kind of in our sweet spot.
Dave Zapico: Yeah. I think the R&D focus is EIG-biased versus EMG and the Vitality Index is higher in those kind of businesses. So that would be a correct view from your view -- your viewpoint.
Bill Burke: Yeah. I think the confidence is really based on us becoming more confident with our ability to live with the virus and we have got visibility in our markets. We are seeing consistent improvement and consistent engagement with customers across all of our markets and we just got to the point where we were comfortable giving guidance. Our guidance range is a little bit wider than it typically is and that takes into account some of the uncertainty for the fourth quarter. But we just got comfortable, because our businesses are operating in a good rhythm and it builds a level of confidence with us.
Bill Burke: Yeah. I think what you saw was our receivables performance has been fantastic. Our businesses have really done a great job staying close to our customers and understanding that pushing for payment. Our receivables were down to 46 days on a DSO basis, which is -- as well as it’s been in quite a while, so I think the teams did a fantastic job there. And then the other thing, it’s at little more difficult, especially when sales are declining as rapidly as they did earlier in the year is getting your supply chains realigned to that level of demand and they did a great job with that as well, and I think, you saw that play out in the third quarter. So I think those two things in combination really enabled us to reduce that working capital percentage to 17% and the teams have just done a fantastic job on that around the company.
Bill Burke: Yeah. I can do that. Our overall orders were minus 8%, our organic orders were minus 12% and our book-to-bill was 1.01.
Bill Burke: Yeah. That’s something we are going to talk about with our businesses, but historically, AMETEK has recovered very well from significant downturns and we are seeing the improvement in Q3 versus Q2. We are anticipating seeing it in Q4 versus Q3, and historically, we have really performed well in upticks. So we have a mid and long cycle business and we are seeing good improvements. And what you are seeing is now is short cycle activities picking up. So that should bode well for the future. But we are going to go through our budgets and figure everything out.
