Frank S. Hermance: Yes, actually our aftermarket business is doing quite well. We had very strong performance in the second quarter, and we actually are expecting that to continue. I know that some other companies have been talking about, in particular in Europe, their aftermarket business being weak. So I took an extra special look at that, and in fact our business is good. We are gaining share in that part of the world, and as a result even though the economy is a little bit weaker, it looks pretty good. So we’re forecasting for this entire year it’s going to be up high single-digits organically for the year or so. We feel pretty good about it. 
Frank S. Hermance: In the last conference call we had raised guidance up to 40 basis points for the full year and we’re conservatively now saying up 60 basis points. So the margins have just been spectacular in the company and our operating people are doing just a first class job in terms of managing their P&L. So we’re very pleased with that, and we’re pleased that we’re able to raise that guidance.
Frank S. Hermance: Let’s start with aerospace. Our overall aerospace continued to performance very well in the second quarter. We had double digit organic sales growth, essentially on broad-based strength across all parts of our aerospace business. We expect to see continued solid growth for aerospace in 2012 as trend in order rates, OEM build rates, revenue passenger miles, and our program wins really support strong commercial third-party MRO and also business and regional jet sales. Surprisingly, our military business also performed well in the second quarter and that’s two quarters now in a row where it essentially has outperformed.  So if we look for all of 2012, we are expecting our commercial and third-party MRO businesses to be up high single-digits. We expect our business in regional jets to be up low double-digits. And our military business is now expected to be up low single digits. So for overall aerospace, we should be up organically in that mid to high single-digits, and we’re obviously trending more toward the higher single digits now.  Moving on to our process businesses, our process businesses performed well in the second quarter, with sales up low double-digits. Our oil and gas business continued to show sizable strength while our advanced measurement technology division was also very strong. Overall growth benefited from the Reichert Technologies, TMC, and O’Brien acquisitions while organic growth was flat in the quarter due to weak international performance. Business remains solid in the U.S. for our process businesses. And for all of 2012, we expect this business to grow low double-digits on a percentage basis overall with low to mid single digit organic growth. In particular we expect continued strong performance from our later cycle oil and gas business. Moving to the power and industrial part of EIG, overall second quarter sales were up high single-digits, driven by the contribution from the EM Test acquisition. Our power instruments and industrial businesses showed particular strength with core growth of high single-digits for power instruments and mid-teens for industrial. Core growth of our programmable power division was negative due to large sales last year to a major semiconductor company. For all of 2012, we expect sales for power and industrial to be up low double-digits overall and mid-single digits organically, driven by the balanced growth that I mentioned across power and industrial. So if you sum up all of EIG, we expect 2012 sales to be up low double-digits on a percentage basis with organic growth of low to mid single digits.  For EMG, I’ll start with the differentiated part of EMG. This part of the company performed well. Overall sales were up low double-digits in Q2 while organic sales were up low single digits. Strong growth from our third-party MRO and military businesses, along with the contributions from Avicenna technology, Coining, and Dunkermotoren. Those acquisitions really drove the overall growth. For 2012, we expect this business to be up approximately high teens overall, with organic growth of mid-single digits.  And the last part of the company, our legacy business, cost-driven motors, sales were down organically mid teens in the second quarter due to weakness in Europe. About 50% of our cost-driven motors business is in Europe. We believe the organic growth will improve in the second half, of the cost-driven motor business, and therefore for 2012 we expect sales to be down about mid-single digits over 2011. So if you sum these two parts of EMG, for all of EMG we expect overall sales to be up low double-digits and organic growth to be up low to mid single digits. And for the company, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we expect low double-digit sales growth on a percentage basis with organic growth of low to mid single digits, which is down a bit from our guidance of mid-single digits previously in terms of organic growth for the company, reflecting obviously the weaker international marketplace. And in essence, the first half organic growth rate will about equal the second half organic growth rate that’s in our forecast.
Frank S. Hermance: Definitely we had a somewhat difficult comp in the second quarter. It was predominantly in Asia on the comp. We had very strong sales last year to multiple semiconductor customers and also the Fukushima situation last year caused us to have high sales in the particular quarter. Some of that will spill over into the third quarter, but we expect the third quarter to be essentially low single digits in terms of organic growth and we expect the fourth quarter to be mid-single digits. And there is an easier comparison in the fourth quarter. So that’s why we feel the second half organics will be about the same as the first half organics. 
Frank S. Hermance: Right. It’s a great question, and when we first instituted this vitality index, we tried to come up with a common definition of what a new product is across the company. And it was extremely difficult to do, because we have such a variety of different businesses, some very short cycle, some very long cycle. So what we ended up doing is saying to each of our operating entities, you decide on the definition, but you can’t change it. So therefore, I would rely more on the relevance change in our vitality index versus the absolute level of it. And I can tell you, we’ve kept this definition over the last 10 years, and when we started measuring it, it was at a 10% level. This 23% level, I believe, is a record high. Bob is shaking his head yes. I don’t recall one this high. And the key point is it was up from 21% in last year’s second quarter. So we’re definitely getting a lot more productivity out of the engineering dollar that we’re spending. We feel we’re spending the right amount in terms of percent of sales, and so we’re really focused on the productivity of that dollar, which this vitality index is an indicator of. 
Frank S. Hermance: My guess is we will see that inch up as the year goes on. And we’ll see how the third quarter feels, and we probably will inch that up some. 
Frank S. Hermance: This is the first time I can say - or maybe I said it in the last conference call - for a number of quarters prior to this, I had not been feeling that pricing was showing a downward trend. And I’m starting to feel that now. I’m feeling deals are more reasonable. We did close the Dunkermotoren deal at 8x trailing in the second quarter. The O’Brien deal in the first quarter was 9x trailing. So I think there is some reaction to the slowing. I probably don’t have enough data points to fully quantify it, but it just feels a bit better now than what it has.
Frank S. Hermance: It’s an interesting picture. The U.S. was fine. It was up in the 2-3% kind of region. The European organic growth was actually flat, but there’s a difference between the various parts of the business, where on the EMG side of the business, Europe was - the floor care motor business, as I mentioned in some of my opening remarks - very, very weak. And that drove the organic growth of EMG down.  For the company, in Asia it was actually our weakest performance. That was down 5%. But that was due to the factors that I mentioned in terms of the very tough comparisons to last year. So as I said, I think those organic growths will show an improving trend through the second half. But actually Asia was the worst, which is I think the first time I can remember Asia having the worst organic growth rate in the company in a long, long time. So there’s definitely some softening going on there, but more so than that, it was a tough comparison. 
Frank S. Hermance: They performed okay. China, obviously, is the largest part of our BRIC region. Russia was strong. Brazil was okay. They were fine. China is the driver here. 
Frank S. Hermance: Basically, we have increased substantially the amount of savings we’re going to get in the procurement activities that we have. So we’re going to go up another, say, half of that $15 million is the result of sourcing activities. The remaining half is a combination of some targeted reduction in forces, and some belt-tightening across the company.  We’re reacting in a manner that’s consistent with a sort of slowing of the top line. We’re not feeling that we’re going to have some major issue on the top line, but we just decided - and I think you know our culture quite well here - that we tend to react as soon as we see softening, so we decided to react and put these in place. And we’re going to watch the business. If things soften more, then we will take some more significant actions to ensure the profitability of the company. 
Frank S. Hermance: No, I’m feeling relatively comfortable with the multiples, where they are now. And what we were doing when I felt some of the deals were a bit higher than we wanted to pay is we were parsing the deals to acquire those companies where we had more than the norm of cost synergies in those businesses. So we always keep the same return type of metrics, irrespective of what the pricing is. So the fact that they’re lower now, a little bit, in terms of the sales price, we’ll probably get better returns on those deals. 
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I mean, a good part of that increase was due to backlog that we acquired from Dunkermotoren. Because that was a fairly large deal. And obviously when you acquire the backlog, it goes into the order number. So there was a sizable piece due to that deal. And that will ship in Q3 and in Q4, with stronger sales in Q4 than in Q3. 
Frank S. Hermance: Well, if you look at the breakdown of that business, about a third is in oil and gas, about 25% is in instrumentation related to metals, about 20% is in research and sort of development kinds of applications, and then the remaining whatever it is, 22%, is just in a varied number of industries. And obviously the third that was oil and gas remained very, very strong in the quarter. If you look at the number of worldwide rigs it’s around 3,500, which is near an all-time high. We’re impervious to whether it’s oil or gas rigs, as long as people are drilling. So we think that segment is going to continue to do fine.  The part of the business that’s linked to metals has a very large portion of their business in international and as a result it was weaker. And it went in the opposite direction from an organic viewpoint to the oil and gas business. And the research environment was mixed. We had some parts that were very, very strong, some parts that weren’t. But the key driver to the process business is the fact that 70% of those businesses are outside the U.S., and that’s where we’re seeing the weakness, and that’s also where we have the tough comparison. 
Frank S. Hermance: Actually, it’s going to be a little contrary to what you’re probably expecting the answer to this question to be, in that it actually increased during the quarter. It was the lowest in the first month and it went up for the second two months, and was about the same in the second and the third month in the quarter.
Frank S. Hermance: It definitely favors the fourth quarter. In particular, our fourth quarter in aerospace is always our strongest quarter, and as you know the backlog in aerospace has the longest cycle to it. So there’s definitely a preponderance, or a larger percentage, of that backlog that will ship in the fourth quarter. And as I said before, in fairness on the organic side, the fourth quarter also has some lower comps on, in particular, the floor care motor business. 
Frank S. Hermance: Pricing is okay. It was up in that 1-2 point region. So price is still okay. We’re not seeing any substantial change in the pricing environment. That could change over the next couple quarters, but right now it looks okay.
