Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Sure, Allison. In essence, when you look across the company, EIG performed in line with our expectations. We saw in EMG that the combination of Aerospace which was very strong was offset to a larger degree than we had anticipated in our Engineered Materials Interconnects & Packaging business. And the net of that ended up with in the third quarter a minus 2% organic growth for EMG. And we believe that that is going to continue in the fourth quarter. So we are seeing the result of the, I'll call it, industrial recession that's being talked about substantially now. And we decided as a result that the fourth quarter, which also was very strong from the viewpoint of expectation, needed to be lowered a bit.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I mean, we're pretty bullish on the acquisition environment. We're working on a number of deals. Without giving specifics, I can tell you that in the third quarter, we worked on a very large deal actually. It would have been the largest deal that AMETEK has ever done. But unfortunately or I guess fortunately, depending on how you look at it, we did find a contingent liability in that deal that caused us to basically not continue with that deal. Putting that aside, we are in due diligence right now on other deals. We feel good about it. As we mentioned, it's the primary use of our cash flow. It's difficult to predict when deals will close. But you're going to be hearing from us either this quarter or surely in the first quarter of next year with additional deals.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. No. Actually, what occurred there is that Surface Vision was in the quarter. If you go back a year to when we did the Zygo acquisition in the third quarter of 2014, we actually had a stub period for that business because we acquired it right at the end of Q2 of last year. So that when you do the comparison between acquisitions this year in Q3 versus last year, you get an abnormality. In reality, in the quarter, we saw approximately $15 million of sales from Surface Vision, which was countered by basically that stub period. So, that's a good pickup, Matt.
Frank S. Hermance: Great question, Joe. No, we're pretty bullish on margins. And you're absolutely right that we started the year with a lower number. But you may recall in the first quarter, we took some specific actions when we realized that the year was going to be weak, as most industrial companies were seeing. So, as a result, our guidance has been in the 100-basis-point arena, and that's what we're expecting for the entire year, that we're going to be up about 100 basis points. As we go into next year, which, really, was the key part of your question, we're going to be very aggressive on the cost side of the business. And one advantage of our MIP (26:30) strategy is that there are a lot of actions that we can take to basically improve the operating performance by putting various manufacturing facilities together, being more aggressive in the materials side of the business which, as you know, we've put tremendous infrastructure in place that we can continue to drive good earnings growth there. We've got value analysis and value engineering which is picking up steam in the company. So, we are in the process right now of putting our budgets together for next year. I'm not prepared to give you an exact number. We will do that in the January or, I guess, maybe early February call, whenever we're going to have it in the beginning of the year, and we'll give you guidance. But I can tell you, margins will be up. No questions asked.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Sure. If you look at our performance in the main geographic areas, the U.S. was flat. This is all organic. Asia was down 7% and Europe was down about 1%. So Asia, if you look at the change when you go back in time, we were growing our Asia business in the double-digit positive arena. And now, we're seeing obviously the effects of what's going on, principally in China. And the organic growth in China in Q3 was actually a negative 12%, and that compared with last year's third quarter when we were up 17%. So, very significant change in China. And then, just sort of a slower growth in the other parts of the world, Europe is hanging in there. Probably a little bit better than we had expected.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. First of all, I mean, if you go back – you said a decade. If you go back to 2008 and 2009, when we were in the recession, we surely had – our earnings growth was negative. The key part of how we're going to get the numbers up is it's basically going to come down doing more deals, using that strong cash flow to acquire companies. And, obviously, we look at that on a return-on-invested-capital viewpoint, but that will also drive EPS growth. And then, we've been very careful as we've made the cost reductions in the company to focus on the operations side of the business, not on our engineering and sales and distribution side of the business. And that's – you heard me in my opening remarks talk substantially to that. So, we're going to continue. And with those engineering efforts, we're hoping that we'll be able to offset some of the effects of the global macro. So, the basic answer to your question is to get better organic growth and do deals. That's the key. And we'll continue, as we always have. It's sort of the hallmark of AMETEK to continue to do cost improvements across the business. So, those are the drivers, and that's why, as I mentioned to Joe's question, that I think we're going to see margin improvement. And you're not seeing many industrial companies right now showing double-digit EPS growth.
Frank S. Hermance: No. We have a very good story in bizjets. And it is not because of the market. The market is kind of bouncing along bottom. Maybe you're hearing a little bit of uptick in the market, but we've been very successful in putting new content on a number of the new airplanes. We're on the HondaJet for example. We do a lot in helicopters which we put in this business jet arena. And actually, orders for our business jets in the third quarter were up 30%.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. So, But again, it's not because of the market. The commercial side of the business, it's a different story where there we are seeing a market, I guess, tailwind to use a pun, where those market conditions are definitely better than business and regional jet. And at some point, we think the business in regional jet market will turn; it always does. People have been predicting that upturn for a number of years and it hasn't happened. So, we decided just to get very aggressive in terms of new products on the newer aircraft. And our team has done a great job and that's why we're growing so well.
Frank S. Hermance: Okay, Matt. Well, you asked a number of questions there. Let me see if I can answer each of those. Yes, I'll say we definitely derisked the fourth quarter. We just felt with the global macro that we're seeing and the changes that I've already talked about that we just decided to essentially derisk it. And we're going to obviously concentrate in Q4 on getting good results for the following year. So, as you say, you've known us for many, many years and we definitely did derisk it. The order numbers, overall orders were down about 2% in the quarter. Organically, they were actually down 5%, but that number is not a fair representation of the business. And the reason is that last year in that quarter, we had some very large one-off orders. So, I think if you normalize that out, the organic growth was in line with, or lack thereof, was in line with the sales growth. So, I think you put that whole picture together, you see a slowing macro. We just decided that we were going to derisk Q4.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. You were breaking up there. I think I got your question. So actually, this is not a change. Last quarter, I don't remember the exact number, but it was in that – it was negative 5%, one of the guys is telling me. So, there really hasn't been a major change in our outlook there. I mean, basically, you're looking at a situation in China that is a basic change. You look at the PMI in China. I was just reading a report actually last night. The latest PMI came out at 47% for China when it was running at close to 60%. So, there just has been a change in the industrial environment in China. So, I don't think it's a major change sort of sequentially in Asia, but clearly it is a major driver in our organic growth. The other thing, I said minus 7% and minus 5%, those numbers were for all of Asia, okay? The minus 12% in China was offset by strong performance in Japan actually last quarter and this quarter. And also, some of the other parts of Asia are doing much better. But the drag is definitely China.
Frank S. Hermance: No, that – not our original plan but at our forecast. If you look – let's just take EIG and segment this, so you have a flavor as to what is actually going on here. Our Aerospace businesses in EIG were very good. They were up mid-single digits in the quarter on sales and orders, actually. So that part of EIG performed as we had anticipated. You look at the Power & Industrial piece of EIG, that was up low-single digits which was our expectation. The drag was in Process where that was down low-single digits and because Process is a larger part of EIG, that drove that negative 2% overall organic growth. And yes, that's basically what we said last quarter when we provided the outlook. We said that the organic growth for EIG for the entire year was going to be basically flat, and that's what we're predicting now. So there hasn't been what I would call a major change in EIG. It's been pretty much as we anticipated. And the issue is very simple there, it's Oil & Gas. That's what's driving it and it's the upstream piece.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. Yeah. No. No. I feel it's in place and, actually, if you'll look at the order trend in the quarter, it was actually up from the beginning of Q3 to the end of Q3. But the absolute levels were lower than we had anticipated. And, yes, I think we have taken the global macro now into account and we dealt with through the costs and we're looking at now what next year is going to look like. I'm not looking at further deterioration. I don't feel that. But I do feel like, as I said before, the target for the fourth quarter was a very high one. And you look at numbers that were up in the $0.68, $0.69 region. And with this global macro, you couldn't make that ramp. It's just too big a ramp.
Frank S. Hermance: There's contingency. There's definitely contingency. So, I'm not going to speak to the amount. But if things go well, we'll beat that number.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Great question, Nigel. There has been no change. What we said at the beginning of the year is the upstream piece was going to be down about 25%, and the mid and downstream piece would be down slightly, low-single digits. And that's in fact what we're seeing. The mid and downstream is holding in there and we have not seen a deceleration in that piece of the business. I know there was some concern a quarter or two ago, of whether we were going to see that. And in fact, we have not seen it. So the impact on us is largely the upstream part of the business and it's down about what we had expected.
Frank S. Hermance: Just a little bit. We have been talking numbers on pricing, I think the first few quarters of the year at about 1.5%. And when we rolled up Q3, it came in about 1.3%. But that's sort of a normal variation. So, I don't think there's been a deceleration. But it's not the 2% that we were seeing a number of years ago. And very few industrial companies are seeing a 2% number. So, we're actually fairly happy with staying around that 1.5% level.
Frank S. Hermance: Oh, no, not at all. Not at all, yeah. I think this stuff here is what confuses you. If you're just looking at absolute numbers, there was $15 million of acquisition growth. If you look at it that way. It's only when you compare it to the third quarter of last year does it cause the confusion, and that's the way we typically talk about acquisition growth is on a comparison basis. So, it really just depends how you look at it. There's nothing strange going on here. It's just the way you look at it.
Frank S. Hermance: Right. You hit it, Brian. When you see a slowing macro, we did have some working capital buildup. It was not substantial, but it did go up and that was a driver. And we're giving you rough estimates here. I think the 110% is actually conservative. It's going to be better than that. But we did want to be fair in saying that it probably is not going to reach the 115% level.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. No. It's definitely possible we'll spend less than that. We dropped it from $75 million to $70 million, and it would not surprise me if we ended up at a $65 million number there.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. No. That's a great question, Joe. What we decided and I think I mentioned this on my last call was that the total cost improvements through the whole company that we talked about last quarter was $145 million. And what we have done is increase that to, I would call it, a conservative number which is $150 million. So definitely, we are active on the cost side of the business and we put additional measures in place, not all in EMIP but obviously that would be a place where some of this would occur. And so yes, the answer to your question is we have taken additional cost actions in the business.
Frank S. Hermance: And that's why – if I could just add a comment. That's why when we were asked question about Q3 and derisking it, we really did derisk it given that fact as well.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Military has been a phenomenally good story for us. When you look across the whole company and look at the military part of the business, basically it was up mid single digits. And, yeah, exactly. Some of that is obviously driven by the Joint Strike Fighter but there's also great international military business that we are capitalizing on. So that when you look at the Aerospace segment has been a very positive story for us and a surprise, I would say, in the other direction. For the full year, we're saying we expect military to be up low single digits because some of the first quarters weren't as strong as this third quarter in military. But it's doing well. It's just doing well. And I guess Congress has come to a budget agreement which could further help this. So we'll see what happens.
