Frank S. Hermance: Yes, sure, Allison. Obviously, the price of crude has come down. Yesterday, it dipped for a while even below $80 a barrel but did end up above $80 a barrel. If there's going to be any impact, and I must say we have not seen any as of yet, do we -- I have talked to all of our energy-related businesses, and they have not seen anything yet in terms of any impact. I think one way to look at the possible impact is to look at our upstream business. Our upstream business is about $125 million of sales. So if less oil wells are going to be drilled, we could see some impact on that segment. But I think the very encouraging thing here, and you've heard me talk to this over the last several quarters, is that there has been a rebalance in terms of our Process businesses in general, where, as a result of recent acquisitions as well as just the fact that the Oil & Gas business is a small part of the Process businesses, our unrelated Oil & Gas businesses have been doing extremely well this year. And if we go back to like last year, our Oil & Gas businesses were sort of a driver for the Process growth. And as we enter this year, that was no longer true, actually, even before this drop in oil prices. And there's been a sort of a rebalance, and we're getting extremely good growth out of our Ultra Precision Technologies business, our Materials Analysis business and our Measurement & Calibration Technologies business, which has rebalanced the Process area so that our growth remained good in the third quarter. It was up organically mid-single digits. And also, with the acquisitions we've done, it was up actually 25% in the quarter. So there could be some impact, but we don't believe it's going to be significant in terms of AMETEK's overall performance.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, I think that's a good analysis, Allison. There's no question that the acquisitions that we have done over the last couple of years are much more technology focused, and they are basically winning in the market based on technology. And their investment levels are a bit higher than what AMETEK has historically been, which is really inherent in our strategy to keep moving the level of differentiation of our businesses at sort of up that differentiation curve. And as a result, this vitality index continues to creep up. And 23% is a pretty high number for any sort of industrial -- multi-industry company. It's obviously low with respect to full technology companies like sort of on the West Coast. But in terms of our type of company, it's a very, very good number. We're going to continue to invest. We think it's the key reason why our profit margins are where they are.
Frank S. Hermance: Sure. Sure, I'd be glad to, Mark. So let's start with EIG, and I'll start with EIG Aerospace. They had another really good quarter. Sales were up mid-single digits on a percentage basis, and that was driven by continued strength in both commercial aerospace and our business -- and regional jet business. The business and regional jet business benefited significantly from excellent growth in the mid- and high-end business jet as well as the commercial helicopter markets. We have helicopter sales in that business and regional jet sort of segmentation. We expect continued strong performance in EIG Aerospace in the fourth quarter. And for all of 2014, Aerospace in EIG should be up mid-single digits. Moving to Process, our Process businesses had an excellent quarter. As I mentioned in response to Allison's question, overall sales were up about 25%. Organic sales were up mid-single digits on a percentage basis, driven by strong performance in Ultra Precision Technologies, Measurement & Calibration Technologies and our Materials Analysis businesses. The overall growth benefited from the 6 recent acquisitions in this business, which are AMPTEK, Zygo, Luphos, VTI Instruments, Creaform and Controls Southeast. And for the full year, we expect our Process businesses to grow mid-teens overall with organic growth up low to mid-single digits. And the last part of EIG, our Power & Industrial businesses, had really a great quarter. Overall sales were up 40% as a result of mid-single-digit organic growth and the contributions from the acquisitions of Powervar and Teseq. Organic growth was strong of both -- across both the Power and the Industrial businesses. We're expecting overall sales for Power & Industrial to be up about 30% in 2014 with organic growth up low to mid-single digits. So if you take those 3 sub-segments in EIG, for all of EIG we expect overall 2014 sales to be up high teens on a percentage basis with organic growth up low to mid-single digits. Moving to the other part of the company. In EMG, our differentiated EMG businesses had a very good quarter, sales up mid-single digits on a percentage basis. We saw strong growth in our Precision Motion Control and Engineered Materials, Interconnects and Packaging businesses. And for all of 2014, we expect our differentiated EMG businesses to be up low to mid-single digits. And the last part of our company, which is Floorcare & Specialty Motors, sales in our Floorcare & Specialty Motors businesses were down mid-single digits in the quarter against a pretty difficult comparison from the prior year. And for all of 2014, we expect sales for this business to be roughly flat. And if you saw in those 2 parts of EMG, for all of EMG we're expecting overall growth to be low to mid-single digits in 2014. And thus, if you take EIG and EMG, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, for AMETEK as a whole in 2014, we're expecting this low double-digit sales growth with organic growth up low to mid-single digits. And that walks you through, Mark.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, there's 2 things that were -- affected our estimates in the fourth quarter. One was the private placement, and that was about a $0.01. And the other was foreign exchange because as you know, the foreign exchange rates have moved quite considerably. And using the September 30 rates on foreign exchange, we basically have another $0.01 of hurt in the quarter. So if you take those $0.02, which we -- really, we're not counting on having those issues, but we were able to overcome them with both -- some sales performance improvements as well as improvements on the Operational Excellence side. If you'll notice, we raised our guidance in terms of the amount of cost savings we're putting through the P&L from that $95 million up to the $100 million level. If it weren't for those 2 items, we would have been able to increase our guidance.
Frank S. Hermance: Well, we're looking actually at a couple of different possibilities right now. And we are in active conversations and I think within the next day, we'll be in active due diligence on another -- of business. I'm hesitant to give too much color on it, but I can tell you that both of these businesses do happen to be on the EIG side of the business. And they're both really, really good businesses, and -- but I'm -- I just don't want to give any more color on these because obviously, we're under confidentiality agreements in terms of these 2 deals. I think that really, the key message here also is that acquisitions are really a process at AMETEK and that we are just continually doing this. And where other companies have been having difficulties over the course of the last probably 2 years, I think you'll notice or Ken noticed that we have been able to do a large number of deals and buy them at reasonable multiples even though we all know the pricing of deals has gone up. And I think it really reflects the fact that we have a very, very solid process that we're continually looking at deals, continually filtering deals. And whether we close a deal in the fourth quarter, we may or we may not if something doesn't go as we expect. But the point is if we don't, we'll close something else in the first quarter. So it's just a continual effort, and we're just going to keep doing this. We think it's the best way to deploy capital and get a return on that capital. That will continue to push our stock price in a positive direction.
Frank S. Hermance: Sure, Richard. If you look around the world, the U.S. was up about 5%, Europe was up about 1% and Asia was up about 5%. If you look outside of China -- china was actually up 17% organically. And if you look outside of China in both Korea and Japan, we had some very difficult comparisons to last quarter. So that's why that Asia growth is maybe a little bit lower than what you would expect given our China performance. The U.S. continues to get a bit better, and -- which is good. I believe that's the highest organic growth we've had in the U.S. in a while. And Europe is a little bit weaker, and I think it generally reflects the economic situation that is going on in Europe.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, I would say the EIG businesses are definitely the leader. We have done a tremendous amount, and the team has really done some good work in continuing to expand our distribution channels there for the EIG businesses. But I must say that our EMG businesses are also starting to penetrate quite significantly. Obviously, our Floorcare business has been there for a long time, and we are manufacturing products there for the Floorcare business. But also, our Engineered Materials, Interconnects and Packaging businesses has a plant in Malaysia, and they are starting to have really good penetration in Asia. And also, our Precision Motion Control business, both through the acquisition of Dunker in Germany, which have substantial sales in Europe, as well as our original PMC business, which was predominantly U.S.-based, has expanded quite well. So I think your comment is right that the leadership and the penetration came and is coming from EIG, but EMG is also starting to realize really good opportunities there. And as we look across the regions, even though there's been a lot in the press about slowing organic growth in Asia, those numbers are still a lot higher than anyplace else in the world. And therefore, we're going to continue to invest and continue to get our fair share of the business there.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, it's a great question, Richard. And I think the best way to characterize it is if I look at the total global environment right now, I wouldn't use the word hazy because I think when we went back in time, some of the downturns were what I would call hazy. Here, I think we know what is occurring. We know the U.S. is getting better. We know there's substantial opportunities in the Far East, which we're capitalizing on. We know Europe is a bit weaker. So we're just going to capitalize on what we see in terms of that market and where -- markets -- and where we're investing. So we're going to put more investment in the Far East, we're going to put more investment in the U.S. and we're not going to put quite as much in Europe. And yes, your question regarding specific businesses, we have just tremendous balance in our businesses. And I think it's one of the advantages that AMETEK has had for many, many years in that we're not really tied to any one segment significantly. And therefore, when oil and gas starts to shake a little bit, yes, that could have maybe a bit of a negative impact. But heck, Aerospace is doing just great. When you've got this huge backlog at Boeing and Airbus, 8-year backlogs, we're doing tremendously well in the business in regional jet sector, and that sector really hasn't even come back from a market viewpoint. So that's one that we are starting to see accelerated growth and have actually seen accelerated growth through our New Product Development activities. And we expect the market is going to start to turn up, and you're feeling some of that now. Some of the reports in this quarter from some of the business jet manufacturers are starting to see some -- production go up. And it's not going to be at the levels, say, of 2007 in the near term, but the growth rates are really good. So that's the part of our business that I feel very, very good about. And yes, to your point, Engineered Materials, Interconnects and Packaging business is definitely in a rebound mode. Our Precision Motion Control business is doing extremely well and they're growing at a nice clip. So I'm not sitting here in what I call a hazy environment. I wish the growth worldwide was about 4 or 5 points higher, but you sort of deal with it and it also plays to our strength on the Operational Excellence side. When you don't have the 7% and 8% and 9% organic growth, you've got to get the earnings through Operational Excellence. And we're pretty good at that and we're just going to continue to make continued improvements in terms of the efficiency of the business.
