Frank S. Hermance: Yes, sure. Sure, Allison. Of that $11 million, approximately $7 million went to incremental growth initiatives, and the remaining $4 million was higher-than-normal acquisition-related costs. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we have been very active in the acquisition environment, not only on the deals that we have already closed, but on other deals that we hope to close in the relatively near future. So if you look at what actually went through the P&L, about $5 million of acquisition-related costs went through the P&L, but we're saying that $4 million were incremental because we always have some residual level going through the P&L.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, sure, Allison. Yes, you're right, it was a mix issue. Our Floorcare and Specialty Motors business had a tremendous quarter. Their organic sales were up about 15%, and that was one of the drivers in the performance of EMG. And as I believe you're aware, the margins in Floorcare and Specialty Motors, although very good, are below the group average. So that mix shift is what drove that slight decrease in EMG margins.
Frank S. Hermance: I think you're going to find Q4 better. We are expecting good margins in Q4. We expect Floorcare and Specialty Motors to continue to do well, but we also expect the Differentiated businesses to do better. So therefore, maybe there'll be a slight mix shift but not of the same magnitude.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. Great question. It really was across the board. If you look at the 5 sub-segments that we talk about, which are basically Aerospace and the Process businesses and Power and Industrial on the EIG side, and the Differentiated and the Floorcare and Specialty Motors sub-segments on the EMG side, all of those sub-segments had mid-single-digit or greater than mid-single-digit organic growth in orders. So it was a very, very encouraging sign for us to see that sort of broad-based improvement. Within each segment, the higher than sort of the mid-single-digit levels on the EIG side, were in Aerospace, where they were up in the low double digits, and in Floorcare -- or in the EMG segment, Floorcare was actually up organically, around 20%. So very, very strong performance, really, across the company and, in particular, in those 2 groups. So your follow-on point is, obviously, as we look to the fourth quarter, we're feeling very, very good about the organic growth of the company. And you can see sort of the progression of organic growth through the year. I think we started at about minus 2% in the first quarter, and then we went to flat, and now we're at 1%, and we're saying mid-single digits for the fourth quarter. So the trend is actually similar to what we laid out at the beginning of the year, maybe a little fourth-quarter-oriented than what we had expected, but the end result is excellent, and we feel good about the fourth quarter, and we also feel good going into next year as a result.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, sure. The margin profile is less -- a little bit less than AMETEK's margins, and we see opportunity to basically grow those margins as we do with most deals. The prime driver for this business, and why we acquired it, is that it has a very high organic growth rate. Over the last 5 years, it has grown at a compounded annual growth rate of about 20%. There are not a lot of what I would call direct competitors to Creaform in this 3D, portable noncontact metrology area. But in the broader sort of noncontact metrology area, competitors would be people like Hexagon, Nikon has some business here, FARO has some business here, so those are the type of competitors that you will see, although somewhat tangential to Creaform.
Frank S. Hermance: We're expecting a low single -- low double-digit types of organic growth rates. We actually modeled it a bit lower than that to make sure we were paying a proper price for it, but I think that's the expectation. And obviously, that's on the high end of the businesses that we have. So we're pretty excited about this particular deal.
Frank S. Hermance: No, it's definitely funding new projects. So we stated at the -- I think at the beginning of the year that we were putting $35 million in growth investments, and we have not, in any way, tailored that $35 million as we made other cost improvements. Our cost improvements were more focused on the materials side, on consolidation of facilities, things of that nature, not the key growth initiatives in the company. So this extra $7 million that I talked about in response to Allison's question is truly incremental to that $35 million. So we are now saying we are going to invest $42 million in growth investments during full 2013.
Frank S. Hermance: It was great. We're very pleased with pricing. It was up 1.8% in the quarter. And we look at a metric, as I think you're aware, Scott, of pricing minus total inflation in -- which includes salaries, materials, MRO activity, everything -- essentially everything. And that ratio of price minus cost was actually up about 0.8%. So in essence, that went to the bottom line. And obviously, there's other give-and-takes in terms of the growth investments, et cetera, but if you look at just the pricing minus inflation, that's the impact of it.
Frank S. Hermance: I can't answer that off the top of my head. I would not expect any major difference, but I actually did not look at pricing in the orders that were coming in. We can -- usually, there isn't a major difference, but I really didn't look at it. We can get that information to you, Scott.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, sure. Okay, we'll start with EIG. In Aerospace in EIG, the business really had an excellent quarter. Sales were up high single digits on a percentage basis, driven by continued strong performance in our commercial Aerospace business and from continued strength in our business and regional jet businesses. We remain really very well positioned to capitalize on the growing OEM build rates, increasing content on the next-generation aircraft and also the improving trends in the aerospace aftermarket. So for all of 2013, EIG Aerospace organic growth should be up mid-single digits. And as I mentioned, order growth in the quarter was up low double digits. So Aerospace looks solid going forward. Moving on to Process, our Process businesses also had a very strong quarter, with overall sales up mid-teens on a percentage basis, and organic sales were also strong, up mid-single digits. Organic growth in the quarter was driven by continued strength in oil and gas, which we have talked about for a number of quarters. And also, our Advanced Measurement Technology business had a strong solid quarter. Overall growth, well, obviously benefited from the Controls Southeast and Micro-Poise acquisitions. And for the full year, we expect our Process businesses to grow low double digits on a percentage basis, with overall organic growth up low single digits, maybe edging up to mid-single digits. Power and Industrial -- sales for Power and Industrial were down 10% on a percentage basis, on a difficult comparison to 2012. In 2012, we had a number of large Power and Industrial projects that went through the sales line, and therefore, this number is depressed based on that. And for all of 2013, we expect sales for Power and Industrial to be down mid-single digits. So if you sum those 3 parts of Aerospace for all -- or 3 parts of EIG, for all of EIG, we expect overall 2013 sales to be up mid-single digits, with organic growth up low single digits. And then, Scott, moving to the other part of the company, in EMG, the Differentiated businesses' overall sales were flat during the quarter from the prior year, we had solid growth in Precision Motion Control and third-party Aerospace MRO businesses, but it was offset by softness in our EMIP business. For all of 2013, we expect the Differentiated businesses to be up mid-single digits on a percentage basis, with approximately flat organic growth. And the last part of the company, Floorcare and Specialty Motors had a really great quarter. As I mentioned, their orders were up organically on -- about 20% basis, and overall sales were up mid-teens on a percentage basis in the quarter. And this is driven by new program wins. It's not driven by an easy comparison, et cetera. It's really driven by new program wins. That team has done a superlative job in finding new business where not only we can grow the top line but also grow the bottom line. And for all of 2013, we expect sales for this business to be up mid-single digits. So if you sum those 2 parts of EMG for all of AMETEK, we're expecting mid-single-digit sales growth, with organic growth up just low single digits. But as I mentioned, the fourth quarter, we expect to be really good with overall sales up high single digits and organic growth up that mid-single-digit level. So, Scott, that's the company.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, it's a combination of both, Mark. Orders were particularly strong in the business. In regional jet business, they were up mid-teens, actually, and most of that business is on the EIG side. Those shipments tend to be quicker than commercial aerospace. And the commercial aerospace orders were also strong, but that tends to be longer term. To your point, moving over to the EMG side of the business, we had good order growth in our third-party MRO business, and that tends to be, obviously, much shorter term. So it's a pretty good outlook for Aerospace, both on the short term and the long term. If you look at the backlogs at Boeing and Airbus, they're very, very strong. Boeing just had a great quarter. They're shipping at higher levels. They're -- this year, overall, Boeing is going to be up about 7% in OEM shipments, Airbus is going to be up about 5%, so roughly 6% in commercial aerospace looking at those 2 major providers. Business in regional jets, the market isn't as strong, but as I've mentioned on previous calls, we've won some major business, in particular with Gulfstream. So that, both in orders and in shipments, this is one of our highest growth areas right now. So we're really outpacing the market there. And the trends in third-party MRO seem to be on the improving side, so it's a really good outlook for Aerospace.
Frank S. Hermance: Well, it depends on what part of the MRO business we're talking about. I was actually referring to the third-party MRO business that we have. And actually, our OEM margins are higher than the third-party MRO margins by a bit. If you look at our aftermarket business, in other words, products that we sell to the aftermarket that we also have the OEM business on, then you're right that, in essence, there is going to be a margin improvement. So I would expect, as we look forward, a bit of a market -- margin improvement but not as significant as your question suggests.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. I think the best way that I could characterize it is that our upstream business is doing extremely well. It has done extremely well for an extended period of time. A major part of that business is outside the United States, about 70% is outside the United States, about 30% inside the United States, so we're enjoying the international growth aspects of the oil and gas business. Midstream is doing fine. It's not growing at the same rate, but it's doing fine. And then the downstream part of the business, which has lagged, is starting to show some life. So overall, when you look at the 3 segments, it's a very good picture, but it's clearly being driven by the upstream portion.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, Jamie, we paid approximately 10x EBITDA for this business, and that is a bit higher than we normally pay. But as I've already mentioned, this is a very high growth kind of business. So taking that into account, it's sort of a normal type of deal for AMETEK. In terms of your more general question, deal multiples have gone up a bit. They basically -- if I had to average it, they're probably up about 1 point from where they were 1 or 2 years ago. And what we're doing is parsing the deals that we're looking at, either to where we have more than the norm of synergies or more than the norm of organic growth. And with Creaform, it was clearly a growth picture. For CSI, the other deal we announced this year, it was more of a cost type of picture with high synergy. So that's the way we're viewing it, and thus, we're getting a very good internal rate of return on these businesses, good ROIC in year 3 and some accretion out of these businesses as well.
Frank S. Hermance: I would say maybe a little bit, but the other side of that is, our team, and as I think you may be aware, we have about 10 people throughout the company who are spending 100% of their time on deals and a large number of other people who are spending part time on deals. So many of our deals are coming from our internal efforts and tend to be more proprietary. And on those deals, I'd say there hasn't been any significant change. So there might be a slight impact, mainly due to the deals that come in from the investment banking community, but I'm pretty bullish right now on deals. We're as busy as we have ever been. So hopefully, we can close the deals that we have in the hopper. And if we can, we're not only going to have a very good year this year, we're also going to go in to next year with some sizable upward thrust due to those deals.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, I can give you the organic growth in sales. Basically, when we look around the world, the weakest part for us was actually the U.S., it was down about 4%. Asia was roughly flat. And Europe, surprisingly, I guess, was up about 4%. So when you average those, you'll get to that plus 1% organic growth for the company. And if you look at the detail underneath those numbers, I would say both the U.S. and Asia were just due to this somewhat lethargic return that we're seeing in the general economy. Our strength in Europe was driven by both our Aerospace and our Process businesses, where in our Process businesses, oil and gas, as we just recently talked about, is -- was very strong. And our Aerospace businesses are doing very well in Europe. So that's sort of the picture around the globe. When I step back and look at the whole sort of demand environment, I characterize it as a slowly improving demand environment. No question, it feels better today than it did 3 months ago, but somebody mentioned to me recently, "Oh, you're seeing a major uptick." And I would say, "That is not the case. It is not a major uptick, it is a slowly improving demand environment." The follow-up on your question of orders, we were actually pretty strong -- stronger in all of the regions, so orders were encouraging, and things are, in fact, picking up a bit. I don't have the numbers in my head for each area, but I do know that each geographic area was good on orders.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, I think, with what I know right now, and we're just going into the budget season and one of the first businesses, actually, is our military business that we're going to take a look at. So barring the fact that I don't know exactly what they're going to say in that budget meeting, my gut is flat is a good assumption. Clearly, this business is not going to be down 5% or 10%, which was our fear maybe a year ago. But right now, I would say, flat is a reasonable assumption, and I'll update you in the call at the end of the first quarter as to exactly how we're feeling about the year.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, there's -- there are 2 parts to that. There's definitely our Airbus exposure, which has been very, very helpful. And now with winning new business on all of the major Airbus platforms, it's going to be very positive for AMETEK because we're going to be sort of agnostic as to whether Boeing is winning in the end market or Airbus is winning in the end market. In addition, though, our third-party MRO business there is doing very, very well. We've got a strong management team there. They have been winning share in that part of the world. And as a result, it's really the combination of those 2 things that is driving the strong European performance.
Frank S. Hermance: No question, Richard. When we step back and look at the margin profile of the company, the differential in group margins is significant between EIG and EMG, and the potential is definitely in EMG. On the longer term, there's absolutely no reason that we can't raise the EMG margins to start approaching the EIG margins. And just the natural migration in EMG, where we're going to do deals and where we're going to put the majority of the investment is going to be on the Differentiated side. So as that Differentiated side of EMG first comes back, and then as we increase their volumes through acquisitions and organic growth investments, the margins on EMG are going to work in our favor. So in a way, this was a bit on an abnormal quarter, where the Floorcare and Specialty Motors part of the business just performed so well that it did have a bit of a slight deterioration on the margin impact in that business.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. I don't think there's any question about that. That, that is, in fact, a true statement that those numbers are going to improve because, there's no question, the margins on the new wins is much better than the base business. However, they are still not going to be at the level of the Differentiated businesses.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, that's a good question. I would say there is still a bit of a shift to the right. I would say it is not as significant as what we saw at the end of the third quarter, but I still detect some cautiousness with our customers. At the year-end, there are some of our businesses that, in their weekly reports, are definitely talking about customers that normally would take shipments in the fourth quarter are just being hesitant and trying to shift some to the first quarter. So to me, it just lines up with this slowly improving demand environment, that everybody is a bit cautious, it feels a bit better now than it did a quarter ago, but this is not an all-out let's go for the gold here. It just isn't -- it isn't that kind of environment. And I haven't heard anything when it comes to, specifically, budgets, but I think it's all wrapped up in that equation of a slowly growing economic environment.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. No, that's been a disappointment to us. In fact, the destocking impact on that business has dragged on a bit longer than we expected, and that was a bit of a drag on our performance in the third quarter, and -- but it's definitely getting better. And I think it is going to cycle out as we get to the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. Just was more of a buildup because the OEMs had, really, take-or-pay contracts with many of the titanium producers. And as a result, they were forced to take the products when they didn't need it. For instance, when the 787 was grounded for a period of time, obviously, there was some backup in the supply chain. But I think it's getting better. I think we're going to see much better performance out of this unit next year. And so it's really -- I'm viewing it as upside from this point on.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. I know, it's a great question. In general, this is service in areas where we are presently selling products and where service is particularly important to the customers. And that tends to be in Southeast Asia, China, that part of the world. And you can imagine, you put a high-end analytic instrument into a factory in the middle of China, and if it fails and they can't get a replacement product, they're going to have a problem with their output. And so what we are doing is putting more sales and service people in those geographic regions, a little bit in the U.S. but predominantly outside the U.S. And what that does is when something fails, they call our service people. We're there. We're there within a few hours or 24 hours, and we can get their plans back up. And that is highly valued. And it isn't just the fact that we get the revenue on that sales call, which is high, and the margins are good, it's very important for the next level of sales from those customers. There's going to be a strong bias to buy the products from people who have those service capabilities. So that's why we're putting that investment in. It's almost, from an economic return viewpoint, a no-brainer. It's just you can put the people in, they pay for themselves in a very short period of time, and it essentially helps the organic growth of the business.
Frank S. Hermance: Maybe a little bit of an upturn. And if you look at the market data in the North American market, which is the primary market that we serve, in 2013, the forecasts are about 244,000, if I remember the number correctly, in truck sales. But that's down about 9% to 11% over 2012. The market forecast for 2014 is actually up, it's up about 16%. Now that number does tend to fluctuate, but it does suggest market improvement next year. And I would say we're starting to see some of that right now.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. I can't answer that question because I look at overall orders. I haven't looked at U.S. orders in particular. I mean, we're only a few weeks in, but, again, Kevin could get that data for you.
