David A. Zapico: No. I think Q2 orders were strong, Scott. We had a positive book-to-bill in the quarter of 1.02, up mid-single digits, some tough comps. You remember that in Q2 2017, we had 12% organic growth. And the mid-single-digit growth was broad based. Both our EIG and our EMG businesses were both balanced and up in orders. And if you recall in our EMG business in Q1, there was a little bit of a seasonality factor. But the nature of that business being OEM customers, will replace the order for the balance of the year. So, that was really – that strongly happened in Q1. And we also saw some military orders in Q1 related to our TMS business. And as you know, those can be very lumpy. So, there's nothing at all to worry about. There's a very strong orders growth, broad based, positive book-to-bill, and is balanced across the business.
David A. Zapico: Right. It's a great question, and our executive office has been actively involved in managing the situation with our business teams. So, we start from a great position because of our business model and the capabilities we have. As you know, we have niche differentiated businesses with low CapEx requirements by design. So, our model provides pricing power, combined with a flexible operating structure. And capability-wise, we have one of the best supply chain organizations in the business. So, we're really well-positioned from capability, and we've currently been working on several work streams. There's resourcing activities ongoing, obviously, supplier negotiations. There's a few relocation of production locations. If you export from the U.S., which you know we do, and you import components that have a tariff, you can go through the duty drawback process and recollect just about the entire tariff. We've also built a bit of inventory ahead of the tariffs to avoid paying the tariffs that were implemented in July. And based on everything we know, we have less than $0.01 impact in both Q3 and Q4, and that includes not only the tariffs on steel and aluminum, but the Section 301, and that even includes the proposed $200 billion that was proposed at 10% on a bunch of different items. Now, that can change, but we've also factored that into. So, with our capability and our capability of price, and our capability in our supply chain, I feel very comfortable we're ideally situated to manage the tariff situation and it's a process, and we now have a great process in place.
David A. Zapico: No. We're still going to get $85 million. We're having a strong year and we'll still get $85 million. Our supply chain teams have this additional load, but we're still going to get the $85 million.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, Motec's a great business, Chris. And it's not so much on electric vehicles, but it is on the embedded mobile machine market. It's a leading provider of vision systems. So, their products improve operational efficiency and enhance safety. They have integrated vision systems combined with ruggedized cameras for harsh environments, electronic hardware and software for high speed video processing, and unique proprietary algorithms for applications that automate and make mobile machines safer. So, when you put those three factors together, the ruggedized cameras, the video processing, and the software and the algorithms, they're really in a unique position in a burgeoning market that has good long-term growth drivers. And the business has been growing at 20%-plus a year for the last three years. Their end markets are balanced across transportation, ag, logistics, construction, military vehicles. They're very unique applications, where they're helping their customers improve the quality and safety of their operations, very strong capability in engineering. The company's headquartered in Germany. The majority of their sales are in Europe. And it fits very well with our ISC business. So, the sales channel opportunities for both businesses are really good. So, we're really optimistic. We bought it from two private founders. The competitors are relatively small. They're well-positioned, and we're really optimistic what we're going to be able to do with the business.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, it's a great question, Chris. I mean when you look at our business, both our EIG and EMG business are up mid-single digits or better. If you look at all of our market areas, and Scott didn't ask that question, but if you look at all of our market areas in the process, aerospace, power and industrial, and automated and engineering, all those businesses are up mid-single digits or better. If you go around the world, all the geographies are up mid-single digits or better. So, we're feeling very optimistic and we're not seeing any sign of slowdown.
David A. Zapico: Sure, Deane. In Q2, we achieved price of 1.9%. So, that was up from 1.4% in Q2. So, we had mentioned that we would get ahead of this and our business teams did a great job of getting price in the quarter. Total inflation was about 1.2%. So, we had a positive spread there. And we were able to more than offset the increasing inflationary costs with increased pricing. And the results speak to the differentiated nature of our portfolio. So, in terms of the environment, I think with the tariffs and a little bit of inflation, it's becoming a bit easier to pass on pricing right now. And I think for the full year, we expect inflation to pick up a bit. We can see that in the channel building. So, we had 1.2% inflation in Q2 and Q1. We can see that picking up a bit in the balance of the year. But we think our pricing is going to remain strong and we'll maintain a positive spread for the full year.
David A. Zapico: We have a very flexible manufacturing setup where we have in low-cost regions. So, there are certain product lines and by no means our entire portfolio, but certain product lines we're looking at relocating because we already have capability to manufacture in the region. So, we have manufacturing capability in a couple of regions, and we'll move it to a place that's not impacted by tariffs. But there are really a couple of select areas where we're looking at that and that will likely happen.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, great question, Deane. Our oil and gas business performed well in Q2. It was up mid-single digits. And we saw good strength in our upstream business that was up mid-teens. And our mid and downstream business that would be more tied to your pipelines and the downstream refinery, it was up low single digits. That was for the quarter. For the full year, we expect sales to be up mid to high single digits, where the upstream stays strong, but the mid and downstream get a little bit better as we progress through the year. And with $70 oil, we're seeing solid business activity. Our capital spending budgets are increasing. We are seeing a global pickup in activity. And there's been a lack of investments over the past few years. So, we're viewing the outlook on the oil and gas business over the next few years as very positive.
David A. Zapico: Okay. For EIG, we had 26% operating margins. We were up 110 basis points, and excluding acquisitions, were 180 basis points, and the incrementals were about 50%. For EMG, the incrementals were around 20%. So, that includes the FX and M&A effect.
David A. Zapico: Right, right. Sure. I mean UPT businesses is just a fantastic story. Bruce Wilson is the Vice President and General Manager of the division, and he was acquired in the first acquisition I did as the Group President. And we've acquired other niche technology businesses on the nanotechnology space. We're measuring very small things and we do it very well. And we acquired Zygo, we acquired Creaform, and their broad end markets where precision manufacturing and you want to measure things that are very small with nanometric measurements. So, it's in the optics market. There's a little bit of consumer market. There's precision manufacturing. So, it's a broad based. Military is broad based. They're firing on all cylinders with good new products. Creaform in particular is benefiting from a secular growth driver with their laser scanning 3D measurement. And this is just a well managed business and it's growing very nicely for us. I'll go around the horn, start with our process businesses, go around the businesses. Our process business had a great quarter with overall sales up mid-teens. This growth was driven by high single-digit organic sales growth and the contributions from the recent MOCON and SoundCom acquisitions. Organic growth remains broad based across our process businesses and reflects the strength of the niche leadership positions. We mentioned our UPT business. It did really well, growing low double digits in the quarter. Another business that grew low double digits was our Rauland business. Our Rauland-Borg business is doing really well. And for all of 2018, we continue to expect organic sales for process to be up mid-single digits. Overall, aerospace sales were up mid-teens, driven by contributions from recently acquired FMH and mid-single-digit organic growth. We continue to see excellent commercial OEM and aftermarket growth as we have solid demand across our military business also. Our overall aerospace and defense businesses are well-positioned. They're balanced. Exposure across key market segments, commercial, business jets, military, aftermarket, and also diverse exposure across a wide range of legacy and next-generation platforms. So, we're feeling great about that business for all of 2018 and we continue to expect organic sales for our aerospace businesses to be up mid-single digits with growth across each market segment. Our overall sales for our power and industrial businesses were up 10% in the second quarter with mid-single-digit organic growth and the contributions from recent acquisitions. We saw broad-based growth across each of our power and industrial businesses, continued strong growth across our programmable power and VTI test and measurement businesses. For all of 2018, we continue to expect organic sales for power and industrial to be up mid-single digits. And finally, our automation and engineered solutions had another excellent quarter, solid organic growth, up 10% organically. The excellent orders growth that we experienced across these businesses in recent quarters is translating into a very strong organic growth. And demand remains solid in both our automation and engineered solutions businesses, and for all of 2018, we now expect high single-digit organic growth for our automated and engineered solutions businesses. So, we increased that to high single digits for organic growth for the year. That's around the company. Thanks.
David A. Zapico: I think EIG is just powering forward. I mean, it's a strong business. It's executing well. The orders ticked up a little bit sequentially. So, it's a positive outlook for the balance of the year. And our EMG business is executing well also. So, on the execution side, I'm feeling really good and our management teams are executing very well.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I think the mid-single-digit growth we had for the whole company organically in Q1, we got it mid-single, and we got it Q2 in mid-single. So, it doesn't pick up the fact that we move to the very high end of mid-single-digit. So, there was an increase in the guidance and that was driven largely by what happened in our automation and engineered solutions business and also what happened in the process side of our EIG business. So, it was guided toward the high end of mid-single-digit, but you don't see that. We're feeling really good at how the year is playing out. We have terrific momentum. Our margins are expanding. Pricing is running well ahead of inflation. We have solid plan to minimize the impact of our tariffs. And all that said, it's a bit prudent for the second half to be cautious with some of the trade-related matter. But to be clear, Allison, we're seeing strong underlying demand and we're confident in our outlook.
David A. Zapico: Right. Our total aerospace business is between $600 million and $700 million of revenue, and it has the best visibility in terms of backlog. That's the business we can look out. We have a lot of military business there and has firm backlog. Then you get into the process business, where there's a mix of – it's really mid-cycle. Our automated and engineered solutions is mid-cycle. So, it's a combination of mid-cycle and long cycle. And our aerospace and power businesses really give us the best visibility looking into the future.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, well, in entering 2018, it was a net of about $0.06. And we haven't finished our planning for 2019, but it's going to be a similar kind of number for 2019 is the best estimate at this time. But we'll firm that up as we get closer to the end of the year and when we put out our guidance for 2019.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, sure, sure. The profitability of the business is pretty profitable business, low 20%s EBITDA margins. It was about 2.5 times sales. It was about 11 times year one EBITDA.
David A. Zapico: No, it's a good question, Nigel (sic) [Bhupender] (40:11). We have not seen any demand impact from the – no demand impact [ph] that end (40:18). And we're almost through July, and July looks really strong in terms of orders. So, right in line with our plan and no slowdown at all. So, we're feeling really good about the orders and the outlook, and we haven't seen a demand impact at this point.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. We have a business in the U.S. called ISC, and it's a natural fit with ISC, and it's complementary and adjacent market. So, ISC has customers in the U.S. that Motec doesn't have and Motec has customers in Europe that ISC doesn't have. And the demand ramp that Motec's going through is very, very extreme, and AMETEK is well-positioned to help them do that. So, it's really a great business in a secular growth market, and as I said, the combination of the cameras for harsh environments, the video processing, and moving the video around a vehicle, or a transportation platform, and also the specific algorithms that let them improve processes and increase safety is really unique, and we're really optimistic about it.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, right now, it is small enough that it will be with one of our existing businesses. But I could see this expanding into something bigger, and there's certainly more acquisitions that we're looking at in this space because we think it's a high growth space.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, with military spending, as we had mentioned on some prior calls, Tristan, it's really picked up and we're on a lot of legacy platforms and we're on a lot of new platforms. And in fact the F-35 is the largest single platform that AMETEK has won to-date. So, we're very bullish on the F-35. So, we're seeing continuing spending there and looking forward to satisfying the customer demands. And it's also not just the U.S. Military, but we have a business in the UK that serves the international markets. So, we're seeing a strong growth there also. So, we're bullish on the military market. We have an outlook for mid-single-digit growth through this year. And it's still the largest part...
David A. Zapico: We're seeing good global growth. I mean the U.S. market for us was the strongest of our geographies. It was up 9% in Q2. And clearly tax reform has an impact, but customers aren't talking to us about tax reform. They're just talking about meeting demand. And we also saw strong growth in China. China was up 14% for us in the quarter, and high single digits and great in all of Asia, and we had mid-single digits in Europe. So, we're not seeing any impact on the demand side, and most of the customers in the U.S. are benefiting from tax reform. And I think there are – with all the tariff discussions, I think most people are monitoring those, but it's not stopping them from going forward with business activity because the demand environment is so strong.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I would guess – my feeling is we went through an industrial recession in 2015 and 2016, and we're coming out of that and I think we're in the fourth inning.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I mean software is an important part of AMETEK's portfolio. A lot of our EIG businesses are niche leaders and softwares are critical components. So, we're certainly exploring opportunities and the business that we announced today, Motec, the software is critical to that business. Our Rauland-Borg business that we purchased in Q1 of 2017, that business has a burgeoning enterprise software business. So, software is important to us and we are looking at the businesses that could help our existing businesses in that area.
