Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Pricing was up 1.5%, and I can add that the total inflation across the company was such that the net of pricing minus inflation was 0.6%.
Frank S. Hermance: Okay. So, sure, Scott, I'd be glad to go through my normal discussion of the various subparts of the two groups. And I'll start with EIG. EIG Aerospace had a very solid second quarter. Overall growth was up low single digits against a very difficult comparison. We saw strong growth in our regional and business jet business and continued solid growth in our commercial business. EIG Aerospace continues to gain additional content on a number of attractive platforms, really as a result of their strong technology and service capabilities. Very importantly, thus far in 2015, we have won over $400 million in new lifer program awards (21:25) on over 20 different platforms, including the Rolls-Royce Trent 7000 engine on the Airbus 330neo. Our team in this business has really done an excellent job. For all of 2015, we expect EIG Aerospace sales to be up mid-single digits, driven by the continued ramp up of key commercial OEM platforms and solid growth in business and regional jets. The second part of EIG is our Process businesses. Overall Process sales were up mid-single digits on a percentage basis. Overall growth benefited from the acquisitions that we did in Process, they were Zygo and Amptek, and from solid growth in our Material Analysis and Ultra Precision Technologies businesses. Organic sales were flat as a result of weakness in our Upstream Oil & Gas business. The weakness that we've seen in Oil & Gas is in line with our original expectations at the start of the year. In 2015, we expect organic sales growth to be down slightly versus 2014. And the last part of EIG is Power and Industrial. Our Power and Industrial businesses had a very good second quarter. Organic sales were up mid-single digits with solid growth across both our Power and Industrial businesses. And in 2015 for the whole year, we expect our organic sales for Power and Industrial to be up low-single digits. So, if you take the sum of those three, for all of EIG, we're expecting organic sales to be approximately flat for 2014 (sic) [2015] (23:19). Moving to EMG, starting with the differentiated part of EMG, overall sales were down low-single digits on a percentage basis in the quarter as foreign currency headwinds were only partially offset by the contribution from the Global Tubes acquisition. Organically, we saw a solid growth in our Precision Motion Control business, but weakness in our Engineered Materials Interconnect & Packaging business due to the continued soft macro environment. For 2015, we expect our differentiated EMG businesses to be approximately flat organically. And the last part of the company, our Floorcare & Specialty Motors business, organic sales in our Floorcare & Specialty Motors business were flat in the second quarter, and for 2015, we expect sales for this business to be up low-single digits organically. So in 2015, for all of EMG, thus we expect roughly flat organic sales growth on a percentage basis. So, sort of the bottom line here is with organic growth very difficult for just about every industrial company, the focus really becomes cost. And we've done an excellent job, as typical of AMETEK, in terms of reducing our cost structure and obviously getting record earnings and record performance as a result. So, Scott, that's sort of a recap of what you asked for.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. There's no question just the general industrial environment is softer than we had expected. Europe is obviously having difficulties and in Asia as well, the growth, while still overall we're relatively bullish on Asia, there's no question that the overall growth is slower. So, it's not specific in any given business, Allison, it's just a general sort of slow macro. And getting back to my point that I mentioned with Scott, we have been very aggressive on the cost side of the business and, as I stated, the $145 million of cost reductions is actually a conservative number, and therefore we've got really good confidence in our earnings, given the global macro.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. You're talking about the costs that go through the P&L as a result of buying these businesses. It's probably on the order of a $0.01.
Frank S. Hermance: That's the magnitude of it. So, you couple those costs with the currency impacts, which although not off the charts, we lost another couple of pennies in terms of earnings in the quarter as a result of this. So, that's why these cost reductions become so critical; you're just fighting a number of headwinds.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. I mean if I give you a geographic look at our business, Europe was down about 4% organically and obviously, that's just a result of the general economic condition in Europe. In Asia, we were actually down 6%, but that was against a very tough comparison. Organically last year, in the second quarter, Asia actually had 15% organic growth, so it was a very difficult comparison, so we don't expect that it's going to be down that much as we go forward, but again, it's not going to be as robust as it was a number of quarters ago. And actually, the best performance was in the U.S., which was up about 5% organically. And when you sum those, based on our heavy concentration outside the U.S., that's how you get to the relatively flat organic growth overall.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah, the Power and Industrial segment was good; the Aerospace business in particular was very good in the U.S. So, they were key drivers to our performance and also, our Precision Motion Control business on the EMG side of the business had very strong U.S. performance. So I think, if you just step back from those parts of the world, it's kind of reflective of what's happening in the global environment in each of those businesses. The U.S. is getting better, albeit slowly, but it is getting better. Europe is tough, and Asia is slowing. And that's sort of the global picture.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, well, the good thing there is, both power and industrial were very, very good. In the industrial side, although a small part of overall AMETEK, the heavy vehicle business continues to do very well, and it triggered very good growth in the industrial piece. If you look at North American heavy truck sales, it's estimated this year to be about 325,000 trucks, which is up about 10% over last year. So we are enjoying that. If we look at our power business and you break it down, there's really three parts to the power business. There's a test and measurement piece of the power business; there's a battery backup piece of the power business; and then there's instrumentation for the generation, transmission and distribution part of our power business. And the latter two of those had good growth in the quarter. And that business is performing quite well for us. And their earnings were excellent in the quarter. And so we're very pleased. We got really good management in that business, and they're doing an excellent job. And it's now becoming a sizeable part of AMETEK, with over $0.5 billion in sales on an annual basis.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, actually, Bob and I discussed this recently, and I think it's unlikely that we're going to spend the $75 million in capital that we talked about. And part of the issue here, to be very upfront about it, is that the environment is tough, and our people are heavily focused on getting the revenue and getting the profit that we're looking for, so that it's just difficult to find the time to do some of the projects. So, I doubt very much that we're going to spend the full $75 million. In terms of free cash flow, usually in the first part of the year, we always run below net income. But, if we look at the full year and actually extract that $50 million in pension contributions that you've mentioned, we actually expect free cash flow to net income to be about 115% of sales. And that's probably a conservative number. I mean we're just throwing off significant cash and it's sort of a hallmark of AMETEK and the second half will be very strong in terms of cash generation.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. I mean this is really a great business and we've got excellent management in this business. And the model for the business is a very interesting one because it's different than most of our other businesses, in that we have a number of platforms in the business. And what this team does is when a customer comes in and needs a special motor for a given application, we can take a platform that is closest to that requirement and basically design or with very little engineering solve that customer's problem. So from the viewpoint of the customer, he's getting a highly specialized motor, whereas we don't have to do a lot of engineering in order to make that happen. So this is, as you point out, very diverse. And what this business has recently done is expanded globally. They were predominantly a U.S. business, and with the acquisition of Dunkermotoren in Germany and real focus on growing in Asia, this company has diversified its global reach and it's basically looking at the stronger parts of the industrial market and being able to serve them well. So, to me, this is an example of really strong management in a difficult global macro environment that is actually taking advantage of their approach to the market, and therefore their organic growth has been very good.
Frank S. Hermance: Very good question. People have talked about the turnaround in the business and regional jet market for about three years now, and they've all been wrong in terms of predicting an upturn. And actually we're not seeing a major market change in this business. My view of it is that we're sort of bouncing along bottom and I think what you're hearing from other companies is that there's a little bit of an uptick and then it comes back down, so you're sort of on that cycle of bouncing along bottom. Our growth here is purely not market-driven. It's from new product wins. We have major wins on HondaJet, for instance. We have major wins on other platforms like the Global Express, like Gulfstream aircraft. And you sum those and actually in the second quarter our business and regional jet business was up organically the most in AMETEK. It was up low-double digits. So it's all driven from platform wins, not market.
Frank S. Hermance: And I'm going to give you some mix commentary as well. In terms of military, this has been an absolute surprise for us that actually when we look at military across the company, that would be both EMG and what we do in EIG. It was up low-single digits. So we're actually growing organically in military. I would have bet a fair amount of money that that wasn't going to happen. But we'll take it. We need it. The third-party MRO was weak. It was weak in the quarter. We were actually down. But we also had a tough comparison, and if you look at the third-party MRO business overall, that market is growing 3% to 4%. That's basically the market dynamics right now. And we think that's the kind of growth that we're going to get and are getting, actually, if you look at it over a longer period of time. But the second quarter was weak.
Frank S. Hermance: That's a really good question. And it really depends on how significant a downturn would be. We have sized the company as we think is appropriate for the guidance that we've provided to you, both in terms of overall sales, organic sales and what we're expecting for the second half. You used the term rollover. If we're talking about a slight degradation, we'll be able to handle that. You just look, for instance, at the price of oil in the last few days where it has gone a little bit lower than actually when we put our presentation together here, but when we looked at it we said, it's not going to be significant to us. It could be a little bit slower than what we expect and we'll deal with it. But if there's a major downturn – this is sort of the hallmark of AMETEK that there are always substantial things that you can do in the cost structure of a company. And our approach to our businesses where we're highly diversified with lots of manufacturing facilities, there are still opportunities for us to do more. We can do additional consolidation of facilities, we could be even more aggressive on our material cost reductions, we could move more production to low-cost locales, and if we got in a major downturn, we would shift some of our focus which, as Dave mentioned and I mentioned, is more right now on RD&E and the acquisition front, we would move even more of it to the cost side of the business. And if I can just look back historically during the 2008 and 2009 downturn, our margins at the operating level were down just a little over 100 basis points. We were top of class. You go to the recession before that, our profit margins were actually up in the downturn. So this is sort of the core competency of our company, and the basic answer to your question is if things get worse, we will do more. And we'll get the cost structure aligned with the revenue. I hope we don't have to do that, but we'll be able to do it.
Frank S. Hermance: It was 6%. Okay. 6% was the number. So yeah, that's a good number in this environment. And there that's just an example of the last one that we did.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah, that's a great question, Robert. If you look at this, we parse the deals that we look at because, you're absolutely right, some deals are just going for ridiculous multiples, and when you look at paying 15 times or 17 times trailing to get a return on invested capital that meets a reasonable criteria, and in particular our criteria is, it's virtually impossible unless you've got super growth with the business and/or almost unbelievable types of cost synergies. So we will parse those deals and we won't even spend any time on them because we're not going to get the return on invested capital that we target. Now having said that, our acquisition program has really been fruitful; we put a solid team in place; they're doing a super job, and a lot of the deals that are coming to our attention are coming up on a proprietary basis. And as a result of that, we're able to pay reasonable multiples. And I can remember like the last two deals we bought, they were 9 times kind of deals. And we can say that's reasonable in an environment where some companies are going for 15 times, but on the other hand, 9 times is probably a point more than we've historically paid. So, there's just – you have to be cautious in terms of not overpaying for a business; and again, this speaks to the quality of our acquisition program, and our backlog is good right now. The free cash flow of the company this year is going to be on the order of $740 million. And my objective is to spend that free cash flow on acquisitions, and we're pretty much right on target. You look at what we've done in sort of the first half of the year, as Bob mentioned, we did $360 million, so we're right on target to spend that. And that's the best utilization of that capital, if we can take the free cash flow of the company, invest in businesses and then make them better, it's sort of a no-brainer from an economic analysis viewpoint. So no, I'm not overly worried about it. One good metric that I like to focus on is nopac (48:32) to total average capital. And you look at this, and although we probably shouldn't look at it on a quarter basis, but in the second quarter, that number was just under 14%. So you look at our cost of capital which, depending on how you value cost of capital, a reasonable number for us would probably be 8%. So you take 8% and you get no pac (48:58) to total capital of 14%, we're creating sizable value. And that's the name of the game is, you got to create value. So I hope that helps.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah, I think that's a fair question. And I think the right answer is definitely, in this kind of environment, you see customers pushing down to some degree because, either they don't have the capital to spend or they're trying to have the capital that they do have go across a wider selection of products. So yeah, I don't think there's any question but that's a part of the dynamic that's occurring here. But in general, our products are differentiated enough that it's not a sizeable impact on the business, but it's definitely a factor. And I think it's just normal, actually, when the global macro is weak.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah, we had, last year, very big sales of our CAMECA products. These are very high-level systems. And there was very, very strong performance. And that business does cycle, as to where they get the business. And actually, in the first half of the year it wasn't even in China, a good part of that was in Japan. And this year we're not seeing that, so that had probably the most significant impact on the organic growth.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah, the core orders were $1.035 billion in the quarter. The book-to-bill was 1.03. If you exclude backlog in both this year's second quarter as well as last year's, so that you get a sort of an equal comparison. Overall orders were flat. And from a organic viewpoint, they were down just a titch, just a very small amount. So it's pretty consistent with the sales and the picture that we're painting.
Frank S. Hermance: No, that's exactly – we went out and checked this with our businesses, and factually in Q2, it was down slightly, and we queried our businesses about what they expected for the rest of the year, and that's the expectation. Now, as I mentioned, the price of oil has come down a little bit in the last two days and will that have an impact? It could have a modest impact and it could be a little bit weaker than what we're talking about, but again, when we discussed that actually this morning, we said, we've got the cost handled here, so we've got really good confidence on our earnings for the year.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. Through the second quarter, orders actually went up, so we saw a positive trend on orders. For July, we have orders and sales data. We don't have profitability data yet. We'll have that in another day or two. But on orders and sales, they were basically in line with the forecast that I've given you. So we have pretty good confidence going into the beginning at least of Q2 that the estimates are going to hold.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. That's a great question, and there's a lot of the data in the industry as to what's the price of oil where you'll see expansion. And I think our consensus is it's a number like $70 a barrel. If you get up to that $70-plus a barrel, you're going to start to see expansion. One of the reasons that I actually have not highlighted yet on this call as to why maybe AMETEK isn't seeing as significant an impact as some other companies is that we're not as, in terms of our content, we're not as much focused on fracking in the U.S. Our business is much more internationally focused. And as a result of that, the estimates that we put together at the beginning of the year are pretty much – are holding, basically.
Frank S. Hermance: Yeah. On the $145 million, about $70 million is a result of activities that are directly sourcing-related. And that would include our strategic procurement initiatives. It even includes our value engineering activities where we will do some minor redesign of products and lower the material content as a result of that value engineering and value analysis work. So that's about $70 million of the $145 million. And the remaining, I guess, $75 million is all of the actions that we have done in terms of plant consolidations, reductions in force in those businesses that have had the most significant impact as a result of the macro environment, et cetera. In terms of the first part of your question, we have not actually rolled that up. But I think a number on the order of $10 million is very realistic.
Frank S. Hermance: I think next quarter. Yeah, I think the reason the quarter was down was mainly due to the comparison that I talked about, so I think we're going to see some growth out of MRO next quarter.
Frank S. Hermance: Flat. We're actually talking about a flat number. But yeah, I mean, if Oil & Gas gets a little bit worse, you might see a minus 1%, that's possible; but we're calling flat right now.
