Frank Hermance: It’s more randomness in terms of where the deals come from, John and when you look at where those deals went, although your macro view is absolutely correct that are in these sort of metrology areas. Where they end up in AMETEK is different. For instance, the Amptek acquisition is going to end up in our materials analysis division, where Zygo is ending up in our ultra precision technology division. So, it may seem like, they are all going in the same place, but they are not. We have an internal thought process that we don’t like to do two acquisitions in the same business unit. We might do it in the same division but it would be in different business units just to reduce the risk and only on a few occasions have we not adhered to that.John Baliotti – Janney Capital Markets: Great, thanks, Frank, and congratulations.
Frank Hermance: Yes, we have now done a really superb job of putting key technology into this particular business. So four of the markets that we are focusing on – we now have an excellent portfolio of technologies and we really don’t need additional technologies for that market. However, we can expand the market penetration of UPT and go into other markets and that’s pretty much the strategy that we have used across the company that we get into an area, we fill out the technologies and capabilities for grid access to specific niche markets and then we were on adjacencies that are around that that are really new market segments and we can do that either through acquisition or we can do it through basically internal developments. And I think you may have heard me talk previously about sort of the finger approach which is the way we think about how we bring the deals into AMETEK and every time we do a sizable acquisition it opens up another set of fingers that we can basically add on either additional acquisitions or additional markets through – or internal R&D activities.
Frank Hermance: Well, as we’ve talked about these – if you look at the margins, the margins in EIG are very, very good. They were at 26.4% in the quarter and EMG is where the margin opportunity is and we continue to do really well on those margins. EMG was a 22.1% if my recollection is correct which was up 100 basis points. So, as we go forward, you are going to see more margin improvement coming out of EMG than EIG and again, through sort of randomness of the acquisitions, a large number of the acquisitions we’ve done in the last say couple of years have ended up in EMG or excuse me, EIG and therefore there tends to be a bit of a dilutive impact on the margins in EIG. We actually consider that positive because what we want to do with those acquired companies is actually buy businesses that have lower margins and make them better. And therefore the return on invested capital turns out to be superb. But we’ve always been able to outgrow that as a company. In other words, our margins are – the 30 basis points we are talking about includes, all of the dilution of the acquisitions and if we extract it out the 30 basis would be up in the 70, 80 basis points area, just to sort of put some numbers on it. So, that’s probably the best way I can answer your question, Allison.
Frank Hermance: Okay, well, I can give you some numbers for the second quarter. For instance, in the second quarter we had $1.6 million of costs that were used in terms of acquiring Zygo. Okay, and we are sort of separating those costs from going forward integration costs and that $1.6 million was in the P&L and we are just absorbing that. So our earnings would have been – if we excluded that, it would have been $1.6 million higher and it was a very similar number in the first quarter for Zygo. So, just in that six months for one acquisition, we are talking $3.2 million which is basically a penny a share which we have absorbed. And then there are other costs associated with the other deals but they are relatively small in comparison.Matt Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. Thank you, Frank. 
Frank Hermance: No, it looks very good and just to add on, in addition to Powervar, which we did at the end of last year, in the first quarter we acquired Teseq and that’s a power business. So, I am pretty pleased now if you take that whole power business, it has grown to about a $0.5 billion and it also has some diversification within it. There is a roughly $220 million is in power, test and measurement equipment. There is another $200 million that is in battery back-up systems, that’s where Powervar went and there is about $80 million that’s in instrumentation that’s used in generation, transmission and distribution applications. So, for a while, we were not growing the power business. We’ve now done to – we are out of $0.5 billion and that team has there on a $1 billion and that’s the way we are thinking about it. And in terms of the pipeline, yes, there are deals that we are actively looking at in power. So, this is a good to buy because the market is just turning up and hopefully we can close some deals in this space and start to get towards that $1 billion level.
Frank Hermance: Sure, I am glad to do that. Let’s look organically, organically, in the US, we were up low single-digits and similarly in Europe, we were up low single-digits and as you stated in your question, a significant part of our growth came out of Asia where that growth was up in the mid-teens organically. If you look at the BRIC countries, just another cut, the BRIC countries were up 21% overall and about 13% organically. China, just is superb. China was up organically, almost 25% and total I think it was a number like 35%. You got that with that am I right? 35%.
Frank Hermance: So, all the efforts and you’ve heard me talking about the expansion in the BRIC countries, the expansion in Asia, they are really coming to fruition now and it’s just an exciting time and even though, many of our peer companies are talking about issues in China and issues in Asia. We are simply outgrowing the market from both a product point of view and also we got very strong distribution capability there now. In Asia, we have approximately 300 people who are engaged in selling our products and that doesn’t include people in some cases were using distributors were not direct sales. So it doesn’t include the number of sales people that will be on the street in essence thought those distributors. These are about 300 people that are our AMETEK employees and it’s just paying off in super dividends. And you look at the lower organic growth in Europe and the US, we actually had a pretty difficult comparison that those numbers would probably be up closer to the mid single-digit area if you took out some of the large shipments that were done last year. So, just in general, Mark, we are feeling better, we are feeling better. I can tell you that it’s easier than it was six months ago to put up the results that we are putting up and that’s because these economies are starting to move in a direction that’s helping. So, it’s a tailwind instead of a headwind. And then you couple that with all of the operational things that we are doing and that’s what has given us these really superb results.
Frank Hermance: Yes, it’s a great question Mark and as you are aware, over the last few years, oil and gas has been the driver to process and what is happening now which actually I view quite favorably is that there is balance now across all of those process businesses. So, in essence, we saw very strong growth in the non-oil and gas business. But oil and gas results are also good. It just wasn’t at the level that it was in terms of growth a year or two ago. So we are feeling pretty good about the process businesses, because, we’ve got that broad-based strength. We’ve talked a little bit about the ultra precision technology business. That is doing even exclusive of the acquisitions is doing extremely well organically. Our med division had a really good quarter which is in the process area and also our measurement calibration technology division was fine. So, there is a broader base now and we are not as dependent just on oil and gas. Although just to expand a bit. We see true opportunities in the fracking area. There is a lot going on in fracking. We think it’s going to expand in China and other places outside the US. So there are definite opportunities for us to continue to grow in oil and gas even as the market dynamics come down a bit from where they were a year or two ago.
Frank Hermance: Well, no, we think that – Chris, that we are going to continue to grow. So sure, we have improved our penetration in Asia. But we don’t consider it that it’s a new plateau that is going to be flat. We are going to continue to put investments in that region. We are putting in the BRIC countries which is a little bit broader obviously than just Asia. We are putting in about 50 people this year. We are adding additional manufacturing capability in Asia and that is key to access to the markets there as you have products that are locally built. So we are just going to continue to add to those regions and if you take China for instance, even though the GDP in China has come down from the 9% to 10% region to the 7%, 7.5% region. That GDP is still heck of a lot better than the US and Europe. So, we are going to continue to put investments in those regions and if you look at what has transpired in the company and just step back, the area that we were underpenetrated in was Asia. And if you look at the mix now of that 56% that is outside the United States, the mix has gone, it’s about 30% in Europe, it’s now 20% in Asia and I can remember that number when it was 10%. So, it’s now 20% and then you got 5% or 6% in sort of the other areas of the world. So, we are getting a better balance, but we are still not there. It’s still the part of the world, where I don’t feel we have our fair share. And we are just going to continue to go after it and hopefully, although the comps will be a little bit more difficult next year. We are going to be able to show you increased performance over the levels of this year.
Frank Hermance: Yes, I haven’t actually quantified what that is going to be in 2015. It’s not significant in 2014. We will pick up a few pennies in 2014, but obviously as we start to put our synergies in place, and as I mentioned before, we are working through that. On Zygo, we will be able to quantify that, but I really don’t have a number right now for that.
Frank Hermance: Yes, I think if you think about all of those businesses in UPT and you think about probably a 35% market share, and I am going to use rough numbers here, so, this is a $500 million business in very rough numbers. So, you are talking about $1.5 billion kind of market opportunity, but as you know, this business, like most AMETEK businesses is very niche-oriented. So, you can define the market in ways that either make it a very small market share or a very high market share. What I’ve given you is sort of an average of the way we think about it. But probably more importantly, it’s not only the share in that addressable market but as I said before, we have this internal process that we actually look at adjacencies around that. So we feel, we can continue to grow into other market segments. So, I mean, a great example of this, I’ll switch to a different part of the company, but when you look at the genesis of our power business, that actually came out of our aerospace business. We decided to take land gas turbines or excuse me – take aircraft engines and simply convert them to land gas turbines and that’s what got us started in the power business and now we have a $0.5 billion business. So, you can sort of expand your market by taking technologies and putting them in other market areas or just doing – take in existing products and putting them in new markets. So there is, many different ways you can do this, but I think, that one-third or 33% market share is the most best way I can answer your question.Robert Mason – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, that’s great. Thanks, Frank.
Frank Hermance: Okay, well, the trend is positive. It’s moving in an upward direction. The growth in orders was across the businesses it was not that we had one or two businesses that blew it out, it was – and I think that reflects the improvement in the overall global environment and when we look at July, it continued that trend. I really was focused on July. I wanted to see, how strong the orders came in and it was very good. So now, we’ll have to look at what occurs obviously in August which – this tend to be a little bit slower month and then hopefully, very, very good in September. But, I can’t really quantify it for you except to say it was broad-based. It was strong and I think it reflects the global environment from an organic viewpoint.
