David A. Zapico: Sure, Andrew. We think we had a great quarter margin wise. We were 21.5%, up 20 basis points. But excluding acquisitions, as I said in the prepared remarks, they were actually 22%, up 70 basis points. And if you go to the group lines, the EIG and EMG, ex acquisitions, were actually up 100 basis points in each group. And we saw incrementals, core incrementals in Q3 were up 39% on the incremental volume. So, we're very pleased with the results and we believe it's a good thing for our shareholders when AMETEK acquires lower-margin businesses. And what you're seeing is the Rauland and MOCON, when we acquired them, they were low to mid-teens EBITDA businesses. And AMETEK is obviously much more profitable. So, we improve the margins of those businesses substantially and they may be dilutive to margins for the short-term. But, ends up driving tremendous value creation in the long run and excellent returns on capital. So, we're very pleased with the performance of the strategy and we think it's endorsed with what we're trying to do with the business.
David A. Zapico: Andrew, I've been with the company for 27 years and I was part of the culture of the past and part of the culture going forward, and really, the culture hasn't changed. I mean, the two areas that we've talked about, we've definitely put a larger emphasis on our organic growth and we have a structured approach to that, and we made it part of our operational excellence program and we're really getting traction with that organic growth, and the tools that we're adding to our toolkit to help our businesses understand the opportunity. And then, the second issue is related to the size and scale of the business. We want to double the earnings of the company over the next five years. So, we increased our acquisition pipeline of businesses a little bit larger, $200 million to $400 million in revenue. Prior to that time, they weren't in the pipeline of deals. So, they're working through the deal pipeline and we're looking at those bigger deals and we think we can add the same kind of value to them. But, it's the same company. The strategy is flexible enough to tweak it when it's needed. But, we feel really confident we're on the right track and headed in the right direction for the next five years.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Our orders for the quarter organically were up 9%. So, we had a very strong quarter in orders and it was broad based across end markets and geographies, and it followed a typical pattern. So, we started the quarter a little bit lower and we finished really strongly. So, the orders strengthened through the quarter. And that answers that question. I'll get into the sub-segments. Go across around the sub-segments of AMETEK. I'll start with our overall Aerospace business. Sales for overall Aerospace were up low-single digits in the quarter. Similar to last year, we saw strong growth across – similar to last quarter, we saw strong growth across our military business. Our military business has really picked up. We also saw solid growth across our business and regional jet business due to a ramp up in shipments and support of new program wins. And for all of 2017, we continue to expect our Aerospace business to be up low to mid-single digits with growth expected across each of our market segments. In addition to the solid growth this year, the Aerospace business is a long-term business and you have to win new programs. And our Aerospace teams continue to have excellent success in delivering new long-term program wins across a wide range of platforms. Year-to-date, our teams have already secured over $300 million in life of program awards across a range of commercial, business jet, and military platforms. Next, I'll talk about process. Our process business has had an excellent third quarter, with overall sales up 20%, driven by contributions from the acquisitions of Rauland and MOCON and by strong mid-single digit organic growth. The organic sales growth was broad based across our process businesses. And we saw excellent growth across our ultra-precision technologies, our UPT business, especially in our Zygo and our TMC, Precitech business units. And given the quarter's solid performance, we now expect organic sales for the process businesses to be up mid-single digits for the year. Well, we've increased that a bit. Our power and industrial business performed very well in the third quarter with solid mid-single-digit organic sales growth. We saw solid growth from each power and industrial segment, particular strength was across our power, test and measurement segment. And we continue to expect organic sales for power and industrial to be up low to mid-single digits for the full year. Our differentiated EMG businesses continued to perform very well, with another quarter of excellent growth as end demand remains solid across our key markets. In the third quarter, organic sales for our differentiated EMG businesses were up low-double digits, with particularly strong growth in our EMIP and Precision Motion Control businesses. Within our Precision Motion Control businesses, we're continuing to see very strong growth within our Dunkermotoren business, as it is benefiting from strong conditions across its key automation markets. So, for all of 2017, we now expect organic sales for all differentiated EMG to be at mid to high-single digits versus 2016. And finally, for Floorcare & Specialty Motors, our smallest segment, organic sales in our Floorcare & Specialty Motors business were up low-single digits in the third quarter, as this business continues to see solid demand across its key elements and across its key markets and key customers. And for 2017, we continue to expect organic sales for this business to be up mid-single digits.
David A. Zapico: Yes, we are definitely seeing broad based improvement across our end markets and we're also seeing improved geographical strength throughout the world. But, with 7% organic growth, we're clearly win share also, both in Q3 and as you see in the first nine months of the year. And we're certainly seeing tangible success from some of the organic growth initiatives that you mentioned, and we also continue to see great success from our new product development efforts driving market share gains. But it's very difficult to dissect those in our niche businesses. And so, we're definitely growing share, and if I point you to some businesses where I saw excellent performance, is our PMC business. The automation market is about 10% of sales for AMETEK. And participation in this market is the result of some acquisitions that we based around our core motor technology, and it's resulted in the acquisitions of Dunkermotoren and Haydon Kerk. And really those businesses, working in unison, have perfected the art of delivering custom automation subassemblies to customers and they're seeing tremendous growth and the growing share in a good market. We're also growing share in our Ultra Precision Technologies business. But in general, across the board, we're motivated, we're winning share, and we're also benefiting from improvements in end markets and improvements in geographies, and it's very difficult to break those out.
David A. Zapico: Right. I understand the question. As we always do, we'll provide our guidance for 2018 when we release our fourth quarter earnings in late January. And our businesses in both EIG and EMG are going through their detailed budget work, and we'll be meeting with each business this month to review those plans for next year. So, I'm really not in a position to comment on our expectations for 2018. But I will say that we've stated externally that we think there's margin expansion opportunities for the company. And the number that we've used, as far as the eye can see is 30 basis points to 40 basis points. And we get to that number by taking the high contribution margins of our business, of 40-plus percent, 35% contribution margins and adding to that our pricing power, and adding to that our tremendous operating capability. So, as we sit here and we look out long term, we'll certainly be expanding margins, but I don't want to comment specifically on a group or a business because we haven't done the work yet.
David A. Zapico: Sure, Matt. Pricing actually improved in Q3 versus the first half of the year for us. So, we achieved 1.3% across our entire portfolio, and total inflation was about 1%. And it was very balanced across our portfolio, with similar results in all our different businesses. So, we are very pleased with that. And as you know, some other industrial companies have not been able to offset inflationary costs with increased pricing. So we were concerned with this trend and made sure all our business leaders were aware of it, and we're very pleased with the results. The results speak to the differentiated aspect and nature of AMETEK's product portfolio and our leadership position in the niche markets that we're in. And, as I said before in the prior quarter, what you see generally in 2016, the customers will migrate to – we have a good, better, best pricing marketing philosophy within the AMETEK portfolio. So, often, when times are tough and customers don't have a lot of capital to spend, they'll buy our good products. And as the markets tend to improve, customers will buy a fully-featured product, that are maybe the best. And we'll see pricing expand with that. So, we are pleased to see 1.3 points of price in the quarter and we feel good for fourth quarter that kind of performance will be able to continue.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Our backlog was a record at $1.4 billion and it was broad based. I mean, we had positive book-to-bill in EIG and EMG. So, as we had said in prior quarters, with some of our longer-cycle businesses, they're not going to necessarily ship in the next quarter or the current quarter. They're going to be out there in the backlog. So, that's what you see happening. You see our longer cycle businesses strengthening.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I mean, creating markets is something that we're doing with some of our technologies, like our – in our Materials Analysis business. And we're doing adjacency work there and adjacency work on our UPT business. And those adjacency works were often taking core technologies and combining it with other technologies into new markets and creating some markets. Our atom probe for our Materials Analysis division will be that kind of business, where there's really no competition, because we've got the only person that manufactures atom probes. And so, we're creating a market there. And creating a market could take time, and there's a lot of missionary work done on the expenses. We're doing some missionary work like that with our Creaform business, also, with our – and our UPT business with some of the 3D metrology. So, that's happening. But, what you really see is, in general, good markets and share gains adding to 7% organic growth.
David A. Zapico: Right. Well, we have a dedicated team of about 10 M&A professionals who work closely with our businesses to identify strategic acquisitions and we have each of our business units develops an acquisition strategy. So, we have a lot of people working on a lot of things across a broad set of opportunities which we can identify, find good fits for AMETEK and remain disciplined in our return metrics. So, we need a big pipeline. We've got a lot of people working on it and we're searching for deals in a lot of areas.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Being an acquisitive company, we certainly would have a benefit if we excluded the amortization. But we reported – we're a GAAP company and at this time, we decided to not to do that at this point. We've been talking to our investor base about it. Even within the same shops, there's a bit of an argument within our investor base if we do it or not, so we're listening to it. And we certainly don't want to put ourselves at a disadvantage, but we report GAAP numbers and we haven't made a decision to do cash EPS reporting. We've reported the amortization, so it's out there and it can be calculated and figured out. But, we have no plans to do it at this time. That's probably the best way to state it.
David A. Zapico: Sure. Yeah. In Q3, our EMIP business showed a continuing positive sequential trend. Sales were strong. Orders were also strong in the quarter, a bit better than the EMG average for organic sales. And for the year, for EMG – for EMIP, we're projecting mid to high-single-digit organic growth in line with the EMG average. So, very pleased with what's happening in that business. Very pleased with the sequential growth and it feels like our customers are back to normal and we're executing well.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I mean, we're continuing to see our orders strong and there was broad-based improvement. So, orders were ahead of sales in a lot of our markets and a lot of our regions, so we're bullish about that. And our incremental margins were 39%. And with the contribution of the margin to the business is about 40%. So we think we're performing at a very strong level. And with the pricing power added to that, that's how we ended up with the EIG and EMG core margins at the group line, up 100 basis points. So, we're really pleased with – when you get under the hood, the margins are doing great and we look at it, even in the financial statements, with the acquisitions are doing very great. So, we're very pleased with our margin performance and we're very pleased with some of the pricing power we saw in the quarter.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, the one point with metals, there is a dynamic there with metals inflation. So, as metals inflation increases, we pass that through to our customers. So, when you look at the EMG organic sales rate of 11%, about a point of that was from metals inflation. So, if you want incremental or contribution margin, it will be on a lower sales number. So, that may be what you're asking a question about. And in terms of EIG, we're really seeing, in the oil and gas business, the upstream market is coming back very strong. We're seeing high-single-digit growth in the upstream and low-single-digit growth in the downstream. And we're also differentiated in niches, we didn't really give up much price in the downturn. So, we've got really strong pricing in oil and gas, and those markets are improving and it's a high contribution margin business and we're optimistic about the future.
David A. Zapico: Well, bigger deals are working in the pipeline. And you may see us announce a bigger deal every couple of years. But clearly, the core acquisition, the thing that AMETEK is really good at, is buying businesses in that $50 million to $150 million range, and that is the predominant acquisitions that you're going to see from us going forward. Our M&A team is setup to process four to six deals of these simultaneously, and we're out looking at a lot of things. Our pipeline remains active. Our pipeline is very active. We're busy, and we're excited about the quality and the breadth of our pipeline. And you can't ever predict when something's going to transact in the short term, but we don't feel any need to stretch and do a bigger deal. We think there's plenty of opportunities in typical size deals, but at the same time, we're starting to look at slightly larger deals. They are by no means mergers of equals or anything like that. These are $200 million to $300 million revenue businesses, but we think we can add a lot of value. But, I would say that the predominant acquisition will be those $100 million deals that we create a lot of value with going forward.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I think the 5% is appropriate. And we've been very consistent over a long period of time, and the R&D was increased about 10% this year. So, healthy increase and we think we're getting a great return on that. And as you know, the way we manage that, our individual business units put together an R&D plan, those individual businesses will present their plans during their budgets and during their strat plans, and we'll critique them. But they're driving where they're spending their R&D. Certainly, with the higher technology nature and with the larger size of EIG, we spend a bit more on EIG than EMG, but we've been a consistent spender over the long-term and we're really happy with what's happening. We have up-to-date fresh products and we're winning share. So, we're very pleased with our R&D efforts. And I can just also add that over the past few years, we've added a tremendous capability in India. We have about 110 engineers over there that are augmenting our product development capability. And in our niche markets, we have some of the rock stars of the industry, in terms of our engineering capability with people that really know the products and the applications and take the technology forward. So, we have a great niche business of great technologies and we think we're spending appropriately.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, sure. I mean, the current environment, it's very similar to what we've been experiencing recently. And pricing is elevated, there's no doubt about that. There's plenty of cash chasing deals. Despite this, we've been successful in deploying our free cash flow on acquisitions that will enhance the value of the company. So, we are really parsing a very robust pipeline to find the deals where we can remain disciplined in our return metrics. And we'll select the deals and we'll do the deals that – and we're focused on return on capital when we do a deal. So, we have $1.8 billion of fire power and really optimistic with what I see in the pipeline.
David A. Zapico: We ended our strategic planning process in the first half of the year, and we're very comfortable with our portfolio at this time. Our strategy is to focus on a broad, diverse set of niche markets, and we look to grow organically and through acquisitions in these niches. We don't want to become overexposed to any single market or any single customer. And we've weathered a bit of a downturn over the past couple of years, and all of our businesses have a bright future looking out the next two or three years. So, right now, that's our position. And certainly, we look at it at least annually, and those decisions can change. But, right now, we're very comfortable with our entire portfolio.
David A. Zapico: Sure. I mean, we feel good about our markets. We're obviously very happy with the performance we have. Our execution is excellent, and we expect our execution to continue. But, I want to hear from our teams before we put any numbers out there for 2018.
David A. Zapico: There is a couple of recent promotions – we're in the finance world. So, I'll let Bill talk about them.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I see – with EMIP, we're seeing in 2016, there was a financial problem in the metals market and we were really well positioned with niche products. And we told you at that time that the end markets were good, but the metals market in between us and our end customers were poor. So, what you really saw was that market in some distress. And what you really see now with the year, mid to high-single digit growth with our EMIP business is really a reflection of that improvement. So, we think we're at a level now that we're performing very well at and we're very pleased with the EMIP.
David A. Zapico: I feel really good about what's happening on the front end of our business. And we wanted to make our customer-facing capability as really as strong as our operational and engineering capability. And we're using some tools. I talked about that growth kaizens in the prior call where we're getting after ways to improve our distribution channel in our niche markets. We have a focus on digital marketing now to take some of our businesses that are truly world-class and bring all of them up to that level. We have a program on sales force effectiveness that involves the leadership development and compensation of our sales force. We're focusing on the aftermarket side of our business. We think there's opportunities to grow there. So, I'm very pleased with what's happening in the front end of our business and the focus on improving organic growth.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. That's an excellent point, because what we really saw this quarter was tremendous strength in the U.S. Our U.S. business was up high-single digits, and it was improving sequential trend from about, I think it was low-single-digit, 1% actually last quarter. So, we saw a tremendous strength in the U.S. and it was broad-based strength. It was a military business. It was our aerospace business. It was our metals business, it was oil and gas. It was really strong. It was across the board. So, we're very pleased to see that. In Europe, we were up mid-single digits, in line with recent trends. That was also broad based, and notable strength. I mentioned our Dunkermotoren business was very strong in Europe. Our process business was very strong in Europe. And in Asia, we had another great quarter, up high-single digits, continuing the growth that we've been seeing. So, across the geographies, we're very pleased with what we're seeing.
