Frank Hermance: Well, it was pretty broad-based if you actually look at some of the key drivers. The process businesses were particularly strong. The power businesses were particularly strong, and surprisingly our floor care business was also very strong. Aerospace on a quarter-over-quarter basis was not as strong as the three I just indicated, but that was because we had a very, very strong Q4 of last year. So the order trends in the quarter were surprisingly strong.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, it’s a great question, Allison. I would say the key factor is probably geographic in nature where if you look at the fourth quarter, organic growth and sales for the Far East was not that strong, but orders were. So I think we are definitely starting to see a turn in Asia and in particular in China. Now, it will take a few more months to verify that trend, but when you read the fact that China is in fact improving, their PMI was better recently, that’s a key factor for us because we’ve got about 18 to 20% of our sales in that part of the world. So that’s probably a key factor in how well we’re going to do from an organic viewpoint next year. As you I think are aware, in Europe, although that’s probably one of the weakest global areas, our business tends to outperform because we’ve got aerospace businesses there that perform very well, and we also roll up the oil and gas business from the Middle East in our European results. So when you look at Europe, we tend to outperform. So that’s probably the best way to look at it, Allison.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, it’s a great question. I think it’s fair to assume a 35% contribution margin for next year—or for this year, excuse me, 2013. But when we talk about contribution margins, we exclude the effect of acquisitions because obviously you’re not going to get that level of contribution margin on the deals themselves. So I think using a 35% contribution model, extracting acquisitions in your model is a reasonable projection. We actually did much better than that in 2012 because of the cost take-outs. And yes, your point regarding the cost take-outs – you know, there’s really an equation here that involves pricing and the cost take-outs in one hand, and on the other would be inflation and investments in the business. So I’ll just give you some rough numbers – these are just sort of averages if you took the middle of our guidance, that we’re looking obviously for the 85 million in cost take-outs. We’re looking for pricing to be in the order of 1.5 to 2% of sales. In terms of investments, we’re going to—well, what we’ve got budgeted right now is about $35 million of investments, so then obviously the balance to that equation is inflation and of course the earnings that come from it. So it’s definitely possible that we could exceed the numbers that I’m talking about, but we usually take a fairly conservative view as to our earnings and I think most of you are aware that we’re very good at making our earnings estimates and hopefully exceeding them. So we’ll see what happens as the year transpires.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, what I was referring to, since I was responding to the EIG part of the business, was essentially EIG. If you look at the full aerospace businesses, what we’re expecting in 2013 is to be up mid to high single digits. We expect it to be quite strong, and if you break it down by the various sub-segments, we’re expecting the commercial business to be up low double digits, we’re expecting the third party MRO business to be up low double digits, we’re expecting business and regional jets to be up mid single digits, and for military we are assuming in the overall mid to high single digit guidance a negative 5% for military.  Yes, we are seeing some impacts from sequestration, but actually our order intake and where we stand right now is pretty strong. It would surely beat that organic down 5%, but it’s pretty difficult to come up with an assumption as to what really is going to happen as Congress goes through its deliberations. So we took a conservative view of the military business, so if the military business actually does better than that, then we could be approaching the double digit arena for all of aerospace.
Frank Hermance: Well, it’s a great question and you would think the answer would be yes, but the answer is actually there hasn’t been a dramatic change and that’s because the military business has continued to perform well. So the mix has remained pretty much the same, and if you look at the mix, about a third of our business is military in aerospace and the other two-thirds is commercial and business and regional jets, and third party MRO. So it’s changed a little bit, but not substantially.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, we don’t have a sizeable amount of our power business that is related to military. There is a little bit of that, but that was not a prime driver to the performance. Most of the power business is much more commercially oriented. We do have some military content but it is not a significant part of power overall. 
Frank Hermance: Yeah, actually what we’re assuming is similar growth in Europe and in the U.S., and the reason for that, which might be surprising, is what I mentioned before – we happen to have some businesses in Europe that will outperform the macroeconomic trends because we in essence have aerospace businesses there, both OEM and third party MRO, that are performing reasonably, and we also roll-up the oil and gas businesses from the Middle East there. So we’re expecting sort of low single digits from Europe, low single digits from the U.S., mid-single digits from Asia, and that’s sort of where this low to mid level comes from. I think we’ve got the opportunity to outperform that, but we’re taking sort of a cautious view with all of the uncertainty that’s going on in the world right now.Richard Eastman – Robert W. Baird: Sure, okay. Thank you very much.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, you’re right on. The fourth quarter was interesting because we did see these push-outs occur, and the orders were extremely strong. But we’ve been cautious on the first quarter. We want to see it play out. You would hope with the orders as strong as they were that we’ll see some better growth in Q1, but I want to run the business assuming that’s not going to happen and make darn sure we get the earnings, and then if we get a little bit better growth and some of those push-outs in effect land in Q1, and there isn’t more push-outs into Q2, we’ll obviously over-perform.
Frank Hermance: Actually when you look at the fourth quarter, by region of the world in sales, they’re all about the same. They’re all about the same. They’re all in this minus-1%, minus-2% kind of region, and it’s because of all the dynamics I’ve talked about where there were push-outs but aerospace tends to over-perform the market, and we didn’t see the sales growth yet in Asia. What we saw was the order growth, so that’s the dynamic. Very interesting.
Frank Hermance: Yes, I’m sorry. I didn’t answer the question in the right way. Yes, if you’re asking by region where did we get the outperformance, yes, we definitely got outperformance in the U.S.
Frank Hermance: I don’t think we have that rolled up, so I really can’t answer that specifically. But there definitely was belt-tightening because as we went in the quarter and we saw some of these project deferrals that you were referring to, we definitely tightened our belts. And as I mentioned, the actual cost savings overall that went through the P&L for the full year was actually higher than what we told you in the third quarter estimates, which means we actually did more than we had anticipated. Some of that is temporal, but also some of it is permanent, and that will help us as we go into 2013. But we’ve got significant confidence that this additional $85 million that I’m talking about that will roll through the P&L in 2013 will happen. I think you know we’re very good at this, we’ve got very detailed plans by division, by business unit, by product line in essence as to what we’re going to do and how we’re going to achieve that $85 million.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, we do have—I have more confidence this year than I have over the past several years in our floor care business. It’s not because of a fundamental change in the market dynamics. It’s really driven by the fact that we have won some business, major business with one large customer. I can’t speak to who that is, but it’s a substantial amount of business that you may recall I mentioned that our orders were strong in the fourth quarter, and that also was driven by this major customer. So I think we’re going to see better results out of that business over the course of actually the next few years, based on the relationship that we have developed with this customer. And also, these are high-end motors which means that the profit margins are higher than the base business; so you detected a signal from me, but it’s not because of the market. Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Frank Hermance: You know, I don’t have—on a sequential basis, I actually don’t have that information. What I can tell you is we are on target for our January orders. We get those on a daily basis. Do you guys know? I don’t have that.
Frank Hermance: Okay. So we’ll have to get that for you. I just don’t have it at my fingertips. But I think the key point is we’re surely in line with the guidance I’ve given you for the first, say, three weeks or whatever of January.
Frank Hermance: Yeah, it’s now performing very good. I’m very, very pleased with the operating team there. We just did a review recently and that team has embraced the Ametek culture, and they’re very good and their profit margins are lower – there’s no question. We knew that when we acquired them. As we do with most acquisitions, we’re going to continue to work and improve those margins, and your analysis is right – it was about 100 basis points improvement. And actually just to expand on your question, this is not going to be an atypical situation as we go forward because obviously if you look at our margins with respect to peer companies, our margins are very high; so there is going to be an impact on the margins when you bring in deals. And our preference is actually to bring in deals that have lower margins because part of the value we can create is to increase those margins. So I would say Dunker is a typical example of that, so we view that from a return on invested capital viewpoint because we buy these businesses at, say, 10% pre-tax profits, and over the course of a relatively short period of time, we can make many of these businesses 20%-plus pre-tax. That just means the return on invested capital is off the charts. 
