David A. Zapico: Yeah. The first question, October finished right on plan. It was a very strong orders month. It exceeded our expectations in fact a bit and so we're very, very happy with that. We just got the numbers this morning. In terms of the semiconductor market, it's about 5% of AMETEK and it's performing very well. And we have some very specialized capability and we are selling to the Chinese semiconductor market, but we have seen no slowdown in that regard and we're expecting that to continue. And regarding 2019, I'm really not in a position to speak to the specifics about 2019 at this point in time. We'll be meeting with our businesses during November and December to hear from each of them. As you know, we operate in a variety of niche markets and we need to understand what is going on in each of these businesses to have a bottoms-up view from our budgeting process before giving any guidance.
David A. Zapico: Sure, Matt. Sure. We had an excellent quarter in terms of price. In Q3, we achieved price of about 2.2% across our entire portfolio. And total inflation have picked up a bit. It was about 1.4%. And we saw positive spread of about 80 basis points. So we're very pleased with these results. The results speak to the highly differentiated nature of the AMETEK product portfolio, our leadership position in niche markets and our focus and determination to make sure we stay in front of a changing global economic environment with pricing outpacing inflation.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. It's a great question, Chris. I mean, when we look at Telular, we see a business that checks a lot of boxes for us. It's a market leader in niche markets. It's a differentiated technology solutions business. It has very good secular growth, growing about 10% a year the last three years. It has a sizable recurring revenue stream. That's a bit new. It's very profitable, mid-20s EBITDA, with room for margin expansion. So we see very good cost synergy opportunities. We also see opportunities to expand the business internationally. They've had so much growth that they've just concentrated on the U.S., and we have the capability to help them expand internationally. But aside from the Telular, Telular is a good business in its own right. It also provides something else to AMETEK. It enables a broad set of AMETEK businesses to deliver IoT solutions when combined – when you combine AMETEK's sensor technology with Telular's IoT capability, it really creates a new growth avenue for all of our businesses. So we're very excited about them.
David A. Zapico: Okay. The total reported orders were up 6%. The organic orders were up 5% and both groups were up mid-single digits.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Okay. The first point is, as you know, we had a $85 million target for total cost savings working through the P&L and we increased it to $90 million in my prepared remarks. And that's really about $70 million is going to come from our supply chain and about $20 million from other Operational Excellence initiatives and really are continuing doing a great job and they're handling that work along with the tariffs and it really speaks to the capability of our teams. Regarding the expansion of the commercial excellence initiatives that we've been working on for some time, now we're seeing really good traction. I mean, Bill and I are going around and visiting the businesses and seeing the attributes of growth kaizen, the focus on the aftermarket, improved digital marketing. It's a big part of our leadership development now. We just finished our leadership development processes and making sure that we're doing the proper things to develop our sales and marketing talent. So, it's really a comprehensive approach to improving the organic growth of the businesses. It's going extremely well and we're still in the early innings of that. So we're very positive of what's going on.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I think the lead process would be – all of our businesses are out there with their sales forces generating leads. And what we've done is we've really enhanced our digital marketing lead capability, so we'll take all of our leads and we'll make sure that we'll generate more leads. We'll make sure that they're properly dispositioned. We'll follow up on them to make sure that we're getting good return on our advertising dollars or the way that we're marketing our products. So lead generation and lead follow-up is a big part of that – big part of the program we have to accelerate internal growth. So it's a core component of what I'd say, Scott.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The Telular solution provides – it requires both hardware and software. So you have a situation where you're providing hardware and also software and connectivity are provided to the service, and there's an annual subscription. So I would say it's not a classic SaaS business, but it has elements of the SaaS business, and the software and the algorithms and the analytics with the software are linked with the hardware. So it's a good fit for AMETEK because, as you know, the hardware part of the world is what we're really good at. And with all of our sensors and instrumentation businesses, that's what we're doing out there all the time. And adding the IoT capability to those businesses is something we're very excited about. Also, Telular, they have a best-of-breed IoT solution, but with sensor technologies, they were struggling to a certain degree and that's really our expertise. So the combination of both businesses is a wonderful strategic fit.
David A. Zapico: Right. No, that's a great question, Allison. I mean, the China was – it grew nicely for us in the quarter. It drove the overall sales growth of Asia. It was a bit higher than the overall Asia sales growth. And the tariff situation related to the demand side which China adds complexity that we're watching closely. So far there's no impact, but we'll continue to monitor it closely and our teams over there are bullish. And really, if you think about it and you take a step back and operate at maybe 30,000 feet, we have the capability that lets China improve their manufacturing capability, to move up the value chain. That's what our process businesses do and those businesses are doing very well in China. So, we're not seeing a slowdown right now, but we're watching it closely.
David A. Zapico: Right. Yeah, yeah. In Q3, the situation played out a little better than we expected. We had a little less than $0.01 from direct impact from tariffs, and we offset that with price. So we got ahead of it. We expect a similar situation to play out in Q4. We'll have a little bit higher direct impact. It'll be about $0.01 from the tariffs, but we feel we largely have it covered with our initiatives and we're effectively managing through it.
David A. Zapico: I think it's the bottom of the fourth and the home team's up. I mean, we came out of the recession strong. We see no slowdown in our business so – and it looks really optimistic. So it still feels good to us.
David A. Zapico: Yes. We would consider it, Deane. We considered it last year, and we decided not to do it. And we also talked to additional investors through the course of this year. So we'll evaluate it and we'll decide what we're going to do at year-end. That would probably be a good time, and we'll let you know what we're going to do. Last year, we decided not to do it, because there are varying opinions of investors and our long-term investors matter a lot to us, and we're a GAAP company and we're proud of that. We have very little adjustments to our financial statements, but we also hear what investors are saying on the cash EPS. So we're evaluating it and we'll make a decision at year-end to do it or not do it like we did last year.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Software, AMETEK's always been excellent at software within our niche businesses. And we have a tremendous capability and a lot of proprietary software as to the value proposition, we deliver for our customers. And we've talked in prior calls about our center in India with about now close to 150 software engineers developing software for all of our businesses. And with some of the trends going on in the market, we've been looking for quite some time for an IoT type business. And we saw companies that were either very good at sensors who developed an IoT capability or companies that were very good at IoT capabilities that weren't good at sensors. And since we were good at sensors and we wanted the capability, we think we found a great fit in Telular. And I think that it's a secular business and software is going to become more important as we move forward within AMETEK's portfolio. That's a fact. But we're still looking in all the ponds that we've been fishing for in the past. And we're not a wholesale changing the direction; we found just a great business that we could get a good return on the business itself and the unique situation and it adds capability to many of the AMETEK businesses. So we're looking forward to getting to work on that.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Yeah, we may not be the best company to get that input from because we're building largely customized products. So there isn't a lot of buy ahead in terms of our products because they're purpose-built to the customer requirements. So we don't see a lot of that typically in our businesses. And in the places that we could see that, we're not seeing it right now. So, it's a healthy environment. Customers have money. Customers are putting it to work and they're keeping up with their demand, is the way that we're looking at it.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The first year we do a deal, there's a lot of restructuring, there's a lot of purchase accounting and they usually don't add that much to the capability – the earnings in the next year. I would point you – at this point, we haven't completed our work for 2019, but I could see a similar level of accretion that we had last year. And I think we've pointed everyone to a $0.06-type number, and I wouldn't be surprised if it doesn't end up like something like that. But a company like Telular is going to add something more later in the year because of all the acquisition step-ups and the purchase accounting required and the plans we have for the business.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Our aerospace – our overall aerospace business was up mid-teens in the third quarter. And it was driven by contributions from the recently acquired FMH Aerospace and high-single digit organic sales growth in the aerospace group. We saw solid and balanced growth across our various aerospace markets, with notable strength on our commercial and military businesses. You may recall that AMETEK's about 35% military, about 25% commercial, about 30% third-party MRO and about 10% business jet. So with commercial and military markets doing well, that's good for us. And for all of 2018, we continue to expect organic sales for our aerospace business to be up mid-single digits, with growth across each segment. So we're feeling really good about our aerospace business. In recent years, we won a lot of content on Airbus airframes in the commercial world, and now with the military market coming back to life and a solid spending environment both the U.S. and international for military, its general spending to improve fleet readiness, but we've also had major design wins on the F-35 and a lot of important programs. And we're not dependent on any one program, but the military market is really changed from what it was a couple of years ago and we're doing very well with it. In terms of oil and gas, you mentioned that also, oil and gas now is about 6% of AMETEK. In Q3, it was up mid-single digit. And for the full year, we expect sales to be up mid to high-single digits, with the upstream up low-double digits and the mid and downstream up low to mid-single digits. And at $65 oil, we see solid business activity. The international components of it are picking up. We're about one-third U.S., two-thirds international; about 25% upstream, 75% mid and downstream. So the business feels solid. We see it just slowly incrementally getting stronger and we feel positive about the exposure.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. We were – at peak, we were about $400 million, and now we're at about $280 million. So we're still roughly $120 million from the peak.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The concern is really what's going to happen with the overall trade situation. Obviously, people in China are nervous about this situation, but the business activity at least for our businesses are still continuing very strongly. We're selling into that market with products that the Chinese economy needs. And in the semiconductor market, in the nuclear instrumentation market, in the advanced process market, we're helping improve their production efficiencies. So we're definitely seeing a positive market and we're doing well over there, but it's just the overall global overhang that adds the complexity and we're watching it closely, but we haven't seen an impact so far in demand.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. The residential part of Telular is about 20% of the business. So what they did is, the foundation of the business many years ago was mainly in the commercial and residential market and that business has been a strong cash flow generator, and they found a nice niche to operate in, but they've grown the industrial market around it. So the non-residential piece is about 80%. The residential piece is about 20%. And there also is a growth driver in that – the non-industrial piece is to grow through the – there's a UL Standard, that's an approved standard for wireless sole path fire alarm monitoring and that business is going well. And that business sells to 5,000 dealers and it's a very good business. They're agnostic to any other brands and they have carved out a nice little niche that results in a solid recurring revenue stream. So really we'll have the same strategy that Telular had is using that business to generate very strong cash flow with strong sticky customer relationships and growing the industrial piece of Telular aggressively. And that's the same model that Telular brings to AMETEK. It's just a well thought out model.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Not that we know of at this time. I mean, certainly there's some – the Tax Reform and Job Acts (sic) [Tax Cuts and Jobs Act] (00:46:18) gives you till the year-end to finalize the accounting related to tax reform. So we'll be looking at that. And there are no current plans for realignment, but certainly we're going to be going through our budgeting process next two months. And if there are good projects that our businesses want to do, then we could be in a situation, but we don't have anything planned at this time.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. It's a dynamic situation, Sawyer. I mean, we're working on a number of initiatives. We've been very successful in Q3. We expect a similar situation in Q4. We're assuming in our budget model it's going to go from 10% to 25% in List 3. And we're also putting plans in place so that we understand the List 4 impact, but it's very dynamic and we're effectively managing through it. And I'm confident that's going to continue because of the things that I talked about in my prepared remarks. We really have pricing leverage to deal with tariffs because of the unique differentiated nature of our portfolio. We have an excellent supply chain capability around the world that are executing very well right now. And finally, if we get in a situation where we want to move our product line and we have a couple of product lines that we're in the process of moving, we have an asset-light business model where we don't have a lot of stranded fixed investments. We can move products to other low-cost regions around the world. So I feel very comfortable that we're going to be able to manage through this. 2019 is a very dynamic situation and I don't want to give any information related to that yet. But we'll find that out during our process, during November and December.
David A. Zapico: Right. There is an element of the EMIP business where we pass on the cost of the metals business and that's working in the P&L. But as you saw, we had the 50 basis points improvement in core margins. So even with that, we're able to grow margins. The EMIP demand is very strong. I mean, we're up a bit more than EMG in the third quarter. So we're up 7% at EMG. We're up a bit more at EMIP. And our customers are optimistic. We're seeing strong demand in aerospace, medical and specialized industrial. As you mentioned, there are some inflationary impacts in metals, and – but we're dealing with that. And I think, in the case of oil and gas, there was – we still had not recovered to our peak. I believe in the case of the metals business, we're not at our peak yet, but we're much closer. So we had – I think at the trough, that was down maybe $125 million, and I think now we're within $20 million of our peak. So total metals are about $480 million and the peak was $500 million. So we're getting back to that, but still have some room to go and the demand is strong.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I think when you take a step back and commercial market is about 25% of our aerospace exposure, and we're on the right aircraft and the business is performing very well. And about half of that business is proprietary aftermarket. So that commercial business looks good for the foreseeable future. I mean, the big change is the military business. We're on most military aircraft. We both have a domestic and an international component. The military business is, as I said before, it's picking up and it's strong. The business jet market was kind of down for a long period of time. The orders seem to be picking up there. So I think it's green lights for the aerospace business for AMETEK, I would say, for the foreseeable future.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, it's really balanced. I mean the big thing you have for EMG, you have our Dunkermotoren business and that's a big, big component of EMG. In the quarter, we saw our strongest growth in the automation in the Dunkermotoren PMC business, and we also saw strong growth in EIG with our Materials Analysis business doing very well. So in Europe, it's kind of like as a microcosm of AMETEK in the whole world. We have some major instrument businesses in the UK, in Germany and in France, and we have substantial manufacturing presences in those regions, and we also have a substantial business and operating capability with our Dunkermotoren businesses for EMG in Germany. So it's really about the same proportions of the whole company.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, they have a direct-to-market with customers and they sell to a variety of end markets in the...
David A. Zapico: No. In the – no, they're selling their solutions directly to end customers. They're getting long-term contracts from end customers. They're managing...
David A. Zapico: ...both the hardware, the communication services and the software. Now, on the business that goes after commercial and residential security that I talked about, the 20% residential, that's a different channel, and that goes to about a network of 5,000 dealers. And those are smaller, regional, independent companies. So, there's kind of two different channels depending on the two different businesses.
David A. Zapico: Well, yeah, I mean, AMETEK is known for our Operational Excellence capabilities. So if we saw a downturn, we would not shy away from getting in front of it and managing the costs aggressively. So that would be what we would do. In terms of – we're mainly a group of mid and long cycle businesses and we don't see that right now. But certainly, if there was a canary in the coal mine in our business that used to be our cost-driven motors business, but now that's a small, very small fraction of what it was and the demand in that business is still holding up very well. So we don't see demand turning negative right now. But if it does, that's what AMETEK's good at. We manage costs, we get in front of it and we have a team of seasoned operators that realize that.
David A. Zapico: Right. Yeah, I think about it in terms of the adjacency road maps that we build for each of our businesses. And those are adjacency road maps that will look in near adjacencies and I consider this business to be that. So close adjacencies are always the ones that you know best and the ones you have the least risk with and we're cognizant of that. So I don't think we'll be buying businesses that we have no knowledge of or affiliation with. But certainly, there's an expanded group of opportunities and the opportunity set's expanded. And we have a broad set of niche businesses that we have adjacency maps for. So I think you'll see more of the same. We're doing businesses. Some of the deals that we've done recently have been more secular. Some of the deals that we've done more recently have been more technology-oriented. We're also doing a lot of tuck-ins that enhance our market positions. And we have a really good pipeline right now. And as Bill mentioned earlier, we have a strong balance sheet and we're actively looking at some properties right now.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I'll go through – we covered aerospace already (58:16) process. Our process businesses had a very strong quarter. Overall sales were up low-double digits, driven by high-single digit organic sales growth and contributions from the SoundCom acquisition. Rauland which was acquired in February 2017 continues to see robust demand for their communication solutions across their key health care and educational markets. It's driving strong organic growth. That team has really, really (00:58:47) fantastic job. And we mentioned also in my prepared remarks our UPT, our Ultra Precision Technologies business, in particular ZYGO, TMC, Precitech and Taylor Hobson, all saw strong double-digit growth in the quarter. So for all of 2018, we now expect organic sales for our process business is to be up mid to high-single digits. So we increased the outlook for our process business to mid to high-single digits from mid-single digits. And if I go to power and industrial, overall sales were up low-double digits in the quarter, driven by contributions from recent acquisitions of Arizona Instrument and Motec, along with low single-digit organic sales growth. We saw very solid growth across our power, test and measurement businesses in the quarter. That includes our programmable power and VTI businesses. And for all of 2018, we continue to expect organic sales for power and industrial to be up mid-single digits. And finally, we saw good growth across our automation and engineered solutions business. It remains solid with high-single digit organic growth, but that business is doing really well benefiting from the global secular trends in automation. Dunkermotoren and Haydon Kerk continue to do an excellent job, expanding their growth funnels by targeting new precision automation applications. And in 2018, we continue to expect high-single digit organic sales growth for automation and engineered solutions businesses. That's around the horn, Joe.
