Frank S. Hermance: Yes, if you look at the impact, we started in EIG, there was definitely an impact from the acquisitions because that's where we did those deals. And also, we made incremental growth investments there, and they were on the order of $3 million there. And then in terms of EMG, there was a fairly significant mix shift. Floorcare and Specialty Motors was actually up organically mid-teens. So very, very strong performance in the quarter. And although the differentiated part of EMG continued to be strong, there was that mix shift, and that caused margins to be flat where they probably would have been up 20 to 30 basis points.
Frank S. Hermance: Sure. In terms of margin performance, that's included in our guidance. We are assuming about 20 to 30 basis points of margin enhancement on the operating income line. In terms of the growth investments that we are putting into the business in 2014, it's approximately $40 million. And those growth investments are going to go into continued expansion of our sales, service and distribution channels, largely international locations but not solely. And also, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're going to increase our RD&E spending from roughly $179 million up to just around $200 million, which is a 12% increase in RD&E. So we are definitely going to continue to make investments in the growth of the business organically, and then, obviously, we'll use our free cash flow to deploy on acquisitions.
Frank S. Hermance: I don't actually have a number to exactly what it would be, but roughly on the order of 30 basis points.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, it's actually amazing. We were very delighted in the quarter when we looked at our international businesses, actually, believe it or not, both in Europe and in Asia. In Asia, the organic growth was up about 25%, in Asia. So a truly outstanding quarter. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, in the BRIC countries, it's up about 11%. And as we're looking into 2014, in the BRIC regions, we're assuming a low double-digit type of growth rate. Obviously, that growth rate is higher than the intrinsic growth in those markets and is a direct reflection of the investments that we have been putting in that part of the world and the fact that our shares, in particular in BRIC and, to even a larger extent, throughout Asia, are a bit less than in other parts of the world. So we're able to gain a reasonable share. So a very, very good quarter. And we're feeling fairly good about next year in those regions. As I mentioned, surprisingly, Europe was strong for us. It was up actually in the double digits organically. And it was fairly broad based, you may recall in some of our previous calls where I talked about it being driven by aerospace and oil and gas. Now they were still very strong, but we also saw reasonable strength in many of our businesses, actually, throughout most of the Process businesses and also some in our Power segment. So things feel a little bit better in Europe, and that's a good thing.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, you're hitting on a very, very key point, John. And that is the key of our strategy is to basically have first-class operating managers that can not only identify acquisitions but be able to accurately predict and execute what synergies we can get from the deals that we acquire. And our operating teams have just done an incredible job of taking the businesses that we've acquired over the time frame you're talking about or even over a longer time period and being able to get really good synergies, both on the cost side as well as the distribution and growth side. And what we have done is put in place a methodology so that we are continually growing the talent and doing cross-training in our businesses so that the talent continues to grow and can get involved in more and more deals as the company gets bigger. I often joke inside the company that if I go back 15 years ago when I first became CEO, I was basically doing all the deals. And now, the teams do the deals. They just do a great job, and they know how to do them and they know how to get them done. Talking about some of the other deals that I didn't specifically highlight in my talk, the deal before Powervar and Teseq was Creaform. Creaform, just a super deal. Very high-technology company basically involved in ultra-precision mobile measurement capability. This company is located in Quebec. The management team has come in to AMETEK. And I'm sure some of them are listening, and I will compliment them. They've done an excellent job getting used to our operating philosophies. And the business is growing, and it's exceeding the model that we've put in place for that business. The deal before that was Controls Southeast. That particular deal was an augmentation of our O'Brien deal, which we did a couple of years, again -- or maybe 1 year before that, which is involved in sort of the aftermarket part of our Process businesses. So all of these deals were in an area that we know something about them, it's not like we're doing deals that are outside of our knowledge base, so that we take very little risk from the market viewpoint when we do the deals, and then we can leverage those deals with our operating capabilities.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, we see that definitely as a high-growth type of business for us. As I mentioned, very strong management team, and we're just going to support them in growing that business because we think it's got phenomenal opportunity.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes. Orders overall were $912 million. Correct me, guys. I'm just doing it from memory. They were actually down a bit. They were down about 5%. However, we had some very large orders last year that were onetime orders. So when we normalized those orders and when you look at that to your organic growth on orders, it was up about 3%. So in the quarter, 3% organic growth on orders, 7% organic growth on sales.
Frank S. Hermance: Oh, yes, definitely. I mean, probably the best metrics that I can give you is that you also have to include pricing in this equation. And the metrics that we look at are that basically, in the budget for 2014, we have about 1.5% to 2% in terms of price, and we believe that the inflation that's going through the P&L is about a little bit less than 1%. So there's definitely incremental amount that is there. And then, as you indicated, the $90 million, there's about $60 million which is part of the material side of the business. But there's another $30 million -- and that is just the normal operational excellence initiatives, and it's really a large number of items, things that -- actually, I mentioned some of them in my opening talk. Value engineering is becoming more important to us. There's a movement of production to low-cost locales. We're going to move and have about $500 million of volume in our low-cost facilities in 2014, which is up from about $450 million in 2013. There's the normal types of synergies that we're going to get from the deals that I just talked about in answer to John's questions. There's international distribution consolidation that we are continuing to do not only with recent acquisitions but deals we did a number of years ago. So it's -- this is really a continual process for us. So when you roll all of that up, it's basically definitely we're getting sizable leverage. And it's obviously a balance between the growth investments, which are going to be the $40 million, the cost reductions, inflation and pricing that allows us to get the kind of earnings performance that we're talking about.
Frank S. Hermance: In terms of any gates, the biggest issue is that as we're all aware, the pricing on some deals has definitely gone up. So we are prioritizing our deals to where the multiples we're paying are very reasonable so that when we bring the deals in and put our improvements in the deals, the returns are higher than our -- obviously our cost of capital. So that's the sort of the driver there. In terms of the deal backlog, it's quite good. We are working on other deals as we speak. It would not surprise me if you heard from us in a relative short future about another deal that we're going to close. And I think our ability to both source deals and also get them closed is a core competency of this company. And as I mentioned before, we are continually growing the talent so that we have the capacity to do deals. Right now, we believe we can do 10 to 12 deals a year. That's the infrastructure that we've put in place. We think it's the capability that we have intrinsic in the organization, and that essentially assumes we would not do 2 deals within a same -- the same subsegment of our business. Because then, the risk profile goes up. So we will spread them. Even if it's in the same, like for instance Power, they will be done in different parts of the Power business so that in essence, we're not increasing our risk as we bring those deals in.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, 1 quarter is definitely too early to call a trend. And we're just taking a cautious outlook going into the year, and, hopefully, we'll be able to report better numbers as we go through the year. But basically, that 2% to 4% is what we have rolled up in our guidance.
Frank S. Hermance: Now basically, Scott, we have included acquisitions continually in terms of providing that metric. I think the key answer to your question is that the company has just gotten larger so that there are more opportunities to take cost out. And we view this cost journey as a never-ending kind of activity that we expect our businesses every year, independent of where they are on the maturity curve, to be looking at cost improvements in their business. And the number is definitely larger, but I think if you stood it up aside the growth of the business, it's not that much different than what it has been historically on a percentage basis.
Frank S. Hermance: Sure, Scott. I'd be glad to do that. So I'll start with the EIG. I don't think there's any real surprises here. For EIG aerospace, we had a very strong year. Sales were up mid-single digits, and that was driven by strength in commercial and our business in regional jet business. In the fourth quarter, EIG aerospace orders were up high single digits, and that, obviously, reflects the continued growth in commercial OEM build rates and also our success in winning content on new platforms. Looking to 2014, we expect continued solid growth for our EIG aerospace businesses. And again, that's based on the trends in the OEM build rates. Boeing and Airbus, the combination of those 2, are predicting they're going to be up about 6% in terms of deliveries. So that will obviously have an impact on our business. And we also expect solid growth in business in regional jets, but not so much from the market dynamics there as from the fact that we have won sizable content on a number of the newer aircraft. So when we sum all of that up for 2014, we're expecting organic growth in EIG aerospace to be up in that mid-single-digit arena. Moving to our Process businesses, the Process businesses had a super fourth quarter and also for the full year with really growth across most of our businesses. In the fourth quarter, overall sales were up high teens on a percentage basis with organic sales up high single digits. The core growth was broad based with particular strength in our Measurement and Calibration Technology and Advanced Measurement Technology divisions. And overall growth was obviously driven also by the contributions from the Controls Southeast and Creaform acquisitions. And for 2014, we expect our Process businesses to grow high single digits overall with organic growth of low to mid-single digits. And in response to one of the other questions, there might be a bit of conservatism in that organic growth rate for 2014. And we do expect balanced growth across most of our Process businesses in 2014. And then the last part of EIG is Power and Industrial. They had a solid fourth quarter with overall sales up high single digits. Growth was driven by mid-single-digit organic growth as well as the contribution from the acquisition of Powervar, which we discussed. And we view Power as a highly attractive growth area for us. With the acquisition of Powervar and Teseq, our overall Power business now is about $500 million in sales. And as a result of the acquisitions in 2014, we expect overall sales for Power and Industrial to be up over 30%. So very strong overall sales. And we're predicting organic growth to be up low to mid-single digits. So if you sum those 3 parts of EIG for all of 2014, we're estimating EIG total sales will be up low teens on a percentage basis with organic growth up low to mid-single digits. Moving to the other part of the company, in EMG, our differentiated EMG businesses had a strong fourth quarter. Sales were up mid-single digits in the quarter, really driven by broad-based strength, again, across most of the businesses in this subsegment. And for 2014, we expect our differentiated EMG businesses to be up low to mid-single digits. And the last part of our company, Floorcare and Specialty Motors, they just had a great fourth quarter and a great year. Sales were up mid-teens organically in the quarter, as I mentioned in response to one of the questions. And also, they were up very strong for the entire year, up -- I guess it was high single digits. So they had very, very good growth. And for 2014, we expect sales for this business -- we're saying up low single digits, and that's really based on a very high strength that we had in 2013. So if you sum those 2 for EMG, we're expecting overall growth of low to mid-single digits for EMG if you sum those 2 parts of the company. And that gets back to my overall guidance of the company being up high single digits overall with organic growth up about 2% to 4%, Scott.
Frank S. Hermance: Excellent question. It's -- we had just a phenomenal quarter in the military segment. We're actually up mid-single digits organically for that part of the business. It was driven by the international part of our military segment, not the U.S. piece. But even the U.S. piece was not down sizably. So very strong performance. And what's included in my guidance in 2014 is for that business to be roughly flat. And that's the way we went into this year, assuming it was flat. Actually, I think we assumed it was going to be down a bit, and it turned out to be even better than that. So we're feeling pretty good in that this is not going to be a major drain on the company.
Frank S. Hermance: Yes, we're saying basically the U.S. piece is going to be flattish. Europe, we think, is going to be up a little bit, maybe a little bit different than some of the large macro trends. And obviously, we think Asia is going to be the strongest part of this. And I'm speaking from an organic basis.
Frank S. Hermance: Well, I would say, as you heard from -- what I just went over with Scott, the weakest piece we're going to say is the Floorcare and Specialty Motors part of the business, where we're saying it's only going to be up a low single digits. So that's probably the weakest. But it's also coming off a very, very strong year. So I think we're going to be back to a more normal trend with the Floorcare and Specialty Motors business than what we saw throughout all of 2013. But aside from that, the growth is fairly balanced in our budget. I look at our Process businesses, and you heard us speak throughout 2013 a lot about the oil and gas part of that business. And what's happening there is that with CapEx not sort of as strong as it has been in the oil and gas part of the business, that growth is coming down a little bit. But countering that, our other Process businesses are doing extremely well. So it's a much more balanced picture of what we saw in the fourth quarter and what we expect to see going into next year.
