David A. Zapico: Right. The oil and gas market played out as expected. It was roughly flat in the first quarter. The interesting point and the positive point is orders inflected up mid-single digits. So while we were flat, our orders inflected up to mid-single digits and it was driven by upstream, and some of the project business in the Middle East. So we continue to expect roughly flat sales for oil and gas for the year. We really like the trends we're seeing, but we want to remain a bit conservative at this point. And we realize, we're about 20% exposed to the upstream and 80% to the mid and downstream. So we're expecting the mid and upstream – the mid and downstream to inflect up later in the year or next year. But we do see positive order results in the first quarter related to the project business in the Middle East. So it played out as expected and flat in the first quarter but were positive on the orders inflecting up to mid-single digits. The metals story is really pretty much the same, played out as expected in the first quarter. Like oil and gas, orders were up mid single-digits so that's positive. We continue to expect roughly flat sales for our EMIP business for the year, but we like the trends we're seeing, but we want to maintain a bit of conservatism at this point.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, 52% of our sales are international and we saw strong international growth in the quarter. Europe was up 7% organically, so a definite improvement from the recent trends. The Process businesses and our Dunkermotoren business were particularly strong. And Asia was up double digits organically driven by strength in our analytical instruments businesses. China was up high-single digit in sales and Japan was also strong, was up 30% tied to the Japanese government fiscal year-end. So we saw really strong growth in Asia, strong growth in Europe. So we're seeing broad-based international growth.
David A. Zapico: Yes. Sure. In the U.S., we saw a continued improvement from prior quarters. You remember, we saw sequential improvement in the U.S., and in Q1, it was flat on sales. So U.S. was flat but the orders growth was solid in the U.S. It was up mid-single digits. So across the board in all geographies, recent trends in all regions were up and we feel really good about it.
David A. Zapico: Yes, right, Matt. When you look at Q1, actually our operating income margins were up 20 basis points on a core basis and we had 40 basis points of margin dilution from the acquisitions. So actually, the year-over-year Q1 incrementals were a healthy 32%. So we feel real good about that.
David A. Zapico: Right. Yes. We're off to a good start in our cost savings, right on plan. $60 million of that cost savings comes from material cost reductions and $40 million comes from other than material cost reductions, and about $16 million of that comes from the realignment charges that we took in Q4. And we feel that we've got an excellent plan to take cost out of the business, to make the business more efficient, and we're right on plan on executing it.
David A. Zapico: Yes, great questions. We saw incentive comp accrual, our G&A was up a bit in the quarter. And you recall that in the last call, we highlighted low incentive comp payouts in 2016 related to our performance, and we reset that for the year's plan, but now we're a bit of ahead of our plan, so we have some additional headwinds there. So it was a $0.05 headwinds for the year prior to the quarter and now it's a bit more and you see that working through the G&A line with the increase in G&A vast majority was driven by compensation expense. And the other question was related to price. Price was about 1% in the quarter and that's across all of AMETEK and our total inflation was about 1%. So we offset total inflation with price, and for the year, we're expecting to increase the price a little bit. We have about 1.5 points of price in our plan, and we think inflation may increase a bit through the year, so we want to stay ahead of that but we're not seeing it right now. And in the first quarter, price was a point and it offset inflation.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I think working in the number for 2017 is a $0.04 or $0.05 number. And in 2018, that'll be a bit more than that but we're not in 2018 yet.
David A. Zapico: Yes. Our balance sheet remains strong. We currently have $1 billion plus in firepower after MOCON and the pipeline remains very strong and active. And as you know, with our niche strategy, we have a dedicated team of M&A and deal sourcing professionals who work closely with our businesses to manage and cultivate the deal pipeline. So, AMETEK we buy in up cycles, we buy in down cycles, we buy in uncertain environments and we're very active. And right now our pipeline remains very strong and like to deploy more capital this year. We got off to a great start with the Rauland deal. And MOCON, if that deal closes as we expect, we'll deploy $522 million in the first two quarters of the year, so we're well on our way in our plan of deploying our free cash flow on value-enhancing acquisitions.
David A. Zapico: Sure. I'll start with aerospace. Our overall aerospace sales were down slightly in the quarter as we had expected. Strength in our commercial OEM business and business and regional jet businesses were offset by lower sales in our military business due to the timing of program shipments. For all of 2017, we continue to expect overall aerospace business to be up low single to mid-single digits with growth across each of our segments. Moving to Process, our Process businesses performed very well in the quarter with strong sales and orders growth. Overall, sales were up mid-teens driven by mid-single-digit organic growth and the contributions from the acquisitions of Rauland-Borg and Nu Instruments. Both sales and orders growth in the quarter were broad-based across most of our Process businesses. Sales for our oil and gas business, as we already mentioned, were flat in the quarter with solid mid-single-digit orders growth. While we're encouraged by the solid growth in the quarter, we continue to expect organic sales for Process to be up low single digits for the full year. Moving to power and industrial, overall sales for our power and industrial businesses were up mid-single digits in the quarter, driven by contributions from the acquisitions of Brookfield Engineering, ESP/SurgeX and from low single-digit organic growth. Solid organic growth in our power business was offset by weaker conditions across our heavy truck business, and for all of 2017, we now expect organic sales for power and industrial to be up low single digits. Differentiated EMG businesses organic sales were up low single digits in the quarter, driven by solid growth in our Precision Motion Control business. Sales for our EMIP business, as we mentioned prior, were flat, but we had solid mid-single-digit order growth. For all of 2017, we continue to expect organic sales for all of differentiated EMG to be up low single digits versus 2016. And finally, our Floorcare and Specialty Motors business, organic sales in Floorcare and Specialty Motors were up mid-single digits in the quarter. And for 2017, we now expect sales for this business to be up low- to mid-single digits organically.
David A. Zapico: Right. We've made a lot of progress at Rauland in integrating the business into AMETEK. They came out of the gate strong, very active in the integration processes. We have teams working on international growth. We have some kaizen events scheduled later this quarter to get after some of it. So everything that we see there, we're more confident than ever that we're going to be able to increase international sales as part of our investment thesis in Rauland.
David A. Zapico: In Q1, January started off much as we anticipated and then in February and March, it trended upward and it was stronger than we anticipated and it was broad-based, as I mentioned before. And we just finished April and April orders are right in line with what we thought we'd be to deliver our Q2 plan.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, I think steady-state over multiple years, we'd still guide to 120% but you really have a couple of things. One, the working capital performance was absolutely outstanding in the business and our free cash flow conversion was nearly 130% in Q1. So with that, the confidence of that progress we were able to increase the 2017 expectations to 125% conversion. And again, the operations are executing perfectly. They're converting the orders of sales and they're executing on the working capital management, so we're really pleased with that.
David A. Zapico: Great question. There are some of the orders that are multi-year orders. The $24 million order with a government defense contractor will ship in 2017 and 2018. So we have a little bit of that in the quarter. But fundamentally, we definitely performed better than we expected in Q1. We saw stronger sales, orders and earnings. We're very pleased with the performance and I'm confident for the rest of the year, but it was one good quarter. And remember, we're just coming out of a 2-year industrial recession. So it feels prudent to be a bit conservative at this point of the year just so we can make sure that our great start is sustainable and we don't get ahead of ourselves.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. Great. We gave guidance that core incrementals would be up 20 basis points to 60 basis points for 2017. So we're still very comfortable with that range.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, you know the philosophy and the way we manage our business, the R&D investments are done by the business units and they'll flow up to the corporate office and we'll review them at our budgets and our strat plans and we do that quite often. And there's certainly a filter to apply those into the higher growth opportunities that we have. But in general, we've been a very consistent spender over many, many years and we plan to do that because we think it's key to our differentiation, it's key to keep our margins and we think we have excellent product portfolios, fresh updated product portfolios. And as we talked about earlier, our vitality index was very solid in the quarter. So the R&D investments are strong. We're going up 10% this year and I do think they're going to contribute to stronger organic growth.
David A. Zapico: Yes. I believe that they will return to their natural growth rate as we exit the industrial recession. So I think what we saw in Q1, with the 4% organic growth, the 9% orders growth is a one thing that we can look at to get some confidence on that end. But yes, I'm really confident on our portfolio. I'm confident in the way we're managing our portfolio and we're focused on improving organic growth. As you know, we have an initiative to improve our organic growth, and part of that focus is to improve our customer-facing capability, really make it as strong as our operational capability. So we're rolling out best practices across the company. We're working on a lot of tools. So that, combined with our R&D investment is going to take some time, but gives me confidence that we have the potential to grow at an organic rate that's a point or two higher than we've grown in the past cycle.
David A. Zapico: Sure. The UPS business is the biggest part of the business. It had strong orders growth globally. The test and measurement part of it is that had a substantial growth that we talked about because it was the business that booked the $24 million order that I mentioned. And our generation business was in line with what we expected it to be, so in this quarter, we saw solid results from our UPS business, our uninterruptible power business, but the outperformer in orders was really the test and measurement business.
David A. Zapico: Yeah, our T&D business was up, yes, but the power and industrial segment is the one of the places we raised the organic growth below single digits and it was because of the orders performance in Q1.
David A. Zapico: Right. I feel really good about our aerospace business and we've called that up low to mid-single digits for the year. If you remember, 35% of AMETEK's business is in the military market. So that's not really exposed to the wide body dynamic that's going on right now. And in the military market, we're quoting a lot of things and we have some program timing issues, because we're not sure when the U.S. government's going to spend money, but we think there's definitely more upside than downside on that part of aerospace. And we think that's going to definitely be up for the year. When you think about our commercial business, that's about 25% of our aerospace business, so military 35%; commercial 25%. About half of that is aftermarket, proprietary parts that we sell directly to airlines. And the other half of that is commercial OEM. Now the commercial OEM market is we're benefiting from the fact that over the past 10 years, we won substantial content on Airbus platforms. So with the A350, with the A320neo, those programs are allowing us to grow faster than the market and that's going to continue for a while. Then you go to the next segment. About 30% of aerospace is our third-party MRO business. That will be up mid-single digits for the year. Feel real good what's going on with that business, and the smallest part of our business, our business and regional jet market, that's about 10% of our aerospace exposure. That had a bad year last year. We were down substantially but we won some new programs and we had an uptick in Q1. So all of our aerospace segments we're saying are going to grow this year and we feel real good about that segment.
David A. Zapico: Right. By region, we saw the North American MRO business strong and the upstream business strong. And the one thing that stood out for me in the quarter was the Middle East was also strong for our mid and downstream businesses. But as you know, this is a global business for us, about one-third of it in the U.S., two-thirds of it international. But those will be the things that stood out. North America for upstream, really MRO across the board and the strong performance in the Middle East where we made investments over the past couple of years and now we're benefiting from those investments.
David A. Zapico: Right. We're very pleased to sign a definitive agreement to acquire MOCON. It's an outstanding company with an excellent management team and they have a very strong niche position in gas analysis instrumentation that serves the food, beverage and pharma market. The company is a leader in a couple of niches, the permeation testing niche and the food and pharma package testing. They have a strong growth profile with a mid-single-digit grower. It's typically been a non-cyclical market. There's a solid mix of aftermarket sales at about 35% of the business, diverse blue-chip customer base, smaller competitors. They're the leader in their niche markets. It's an ideal company that checks a lot of the acquisition criteria that we have, so we're very comfortable with the deal and it's going to be a win-win for both companies' shareholders. We signed the agreement on April 16. We expect to close in late Q2 and early Q3. And we'll need – the closing is conditional on MOCON shareholder approval and the antitrust approval. And all of the filings for those have occurred. So we're right on schedule there and we're very pleased and we think it's beneficial to both companies' shareholders.
David A. Zapico: I think our operational excellence will certainly occur soon in regard to Rauland. We're already working on that. And we saw that with the family-owned business, they weren't really focused on acquisitions and international expansion. So we've already started a deal pipeline for Rauland, and with international expansion that's going to take some time. So you could see a scenario we get the benefits from OpEx initially. We get the growing international business and then we can fill in what Rauland needs with some acquisitions. So it's a lot of value enhancer for AMETEK and we're very, very pleased to own the business. The team hit the ground running and we're very pleased with the performance of the team.
David A. Zapico: Yes. Heavy trucks is a small part of our power and industrial business. It's only about 2% of AMETEK. And we went into the year with a pretty negative view on the market and we were down in sales in Q1, but the recent data shows the heavy truck market inflecting up in what was a substantial decline in the market. Now the market is predicting an order rate that's closer to flat or down just a bit. So we're optimistic that that's going to be better than as we have planned, but we're keeping our current thoughts on the market or forecast for the market unchanged.
David A. Zapico: I wouldn't say it's modest. It's a bit conservative but there's some – we have to execute to make those numbers. We're coming out of a two-year industrial recession. You've got to make that $100 million in cost outs happen. We're good at that, but they've got to happen. We had one quarter of organic growth. So we're pleased with stronger sales, orders and EPS and we're a bit conservative. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but we have to work to get the number.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I think we're going to get core incremental growth and we're also going to invest in our businesses for the long term. And I think the AMETEK model of our strong operational excellence capabilities and our pricing power allows us to do both. So I really don't see a lack of cost reduction opportunities and I see us being able to execute our cost reduction while also investing in our business and growing. So I don't really see a situation where we have to put a bunch of costs back into the business to execute the plan. I mean we've already communicated that we have a healthy investment level this year, $65 million in growth investments. So we're doing the right things for these businesses in the long term, but the cost out in our model is something that's built into our culture. It's built into our strong operating managers and I don't – I see that going on for some time.
David A. Zapico: I think when you look at Q2, the one thing that stood out to me, a lot of the growth is coming from acquisitions. So we had Rauland for seven weeks in Q1. You have a full quarter of Rauland. And if you look at from Q1 to Q2, the core sales, they're roughly flattish. And we had a little bit of more difficult organic growth comp in Q2 that weren't good last year, but it was a little bit better in Q2 than Q1. So it's a bit conservative, but when you work through the numbers, it's a good number.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. I did. We changed that to be up low to mid single-digits organically, so that was a change from the prior guidance and that business is just performing well. And we had a good first quarter so that was prudent to take that one up because we have very strong backlog and visibility.
David A. Zapico: Yeah. It can be tough to predict and we've done a good job of migrating to better opportunities and we have a solid backlog.
