David Zapico: Yes, Matt. That's an excellent question. And it's really driven by a mix of different items. So we have the stronger than expected organic growth that drove Q1 of our guide. And then we have an improved guide for Q2. And both of those two together are about $0.10, $0.10 of the $0.28. Really, our second half is unchanged on a core basis. It's too early to change that. And then we have an additional $0.18 from the deal. So the way to think about that is [10%] (ph) from the core business, $0.18 from the deals, $0.28 in total. 
David Zapico: Thanks, Matt. We're very pleased with our pricing. It continues to offset inflation. We achieved a bit more than 1.5% of price across our entire business. Total inflation was a bit less than 1%. So we're maintaining a positive spread between the two, which is our intention. And when you look out for all of '21, we expect to achieve slightly higher pricing than the 1.5% with slightly higher inflation. So we see both our pricing and inflation building a bit, and we'll strive to maintain a positive spread between price and inflation for the full year. And it's really -- it's driven by the highly differentiated nature of the AMETEK product portfolio. We have leadership positions in these markets around the globe and provide excellent value to our customers. So when we get cost increases, more than likely we can pass them on.
David Zapico: Right. It's a great question. And I'll try to give you an overlay the way that we think about it. We've managed through many economic cycles and seeing the impact on M&A from the economic cycles. And it was no surprise then this particular downturn that deal activity dramatically slowed in 2020, and pent-up demand would drive a quick recovery. We talked about that last year. So our focus in 2020 was to make sure that we were well positioned for the rebound. And one of the ways we would be well positioned is we strengthen our balance sheet. And we built up our cash balances during the worst of the pandemic, and we exited the year with 1.2 billion in cash and net debt to EBITDA of 0.9.  Look, as we talked about last year, we also focused on expanding our pipeline of opportunities. And we told you last year, we were busier than ever with pipeline development. And as you stated we've been working with these companies for over a year on these deals. And just through the first four months, the sellers wanted to sell the businesses like we thought and we have a dedicated team of people that are working for them. So we acquired five companies, deployed 1.85 billion in capital and they're highly strategic. And we're really excited for each of the companies we acquired. They fit perfectly with our acquisition strategy. Each has strong differentiated technology positions. They allow us to expand in attractive growth areas like embedded systems for aerospace and defense, testing for autonomous vehicles, 5G satellite communications, expanding our IoT capability, more capability in automation business, software for embedded systems. So we're really happy with the set of companies that we acquired. And importantly, each of these businesses are going to benefit from being part of AMETEK. We've developed a custom playbook for each of the businesses. And they're going to benefit from our global footprint to help them accelerate the efficiencies.  Importantly for us, we were able to get the deals done. We’re meeting our traditional financial hurdles, which are a return on invested capital of 10% and an IRR of 15%. So these are important thresholds for us. And we want to ensure that we're providing strong level of returns on our capital deployed for shareholders. And one of the benefits of AMETEK’s distributed operating model is that we can handle a bunch of acquisitions like this to acquire and integrate multiple businesses, while remaining active and acquiring other businesses. These are coming into different parts of AMETEK, and there's a senior AMETEK leader responsible for the integration. And our pipeline of opportunities remains strong. And we have a meaningful level of capacity, as Bill talked about, with strong cash flow. So I hope we're talking to you before the end of year about some other things, but we felt real good about it. And it wasn't just -- it all happened at once. It's a lot of hard work over the course of the pandemic and of course of greater than a year.
David Zapico: Yes. If you think about the $0.28 midpoint rise on our guidance, $0.18 is from the deals this year and the other $0.10 is from the organic operations of the company.
David Zapico: Yes, good questions. A few years ago, we let our investors know that we were expanding our deal pipeline to include slightly bigger businesses. And we included businesses that will be in the 200 million to 400 million range. And we deploy 1 billion plus capital on them, and Abaco is in that range. And we talked about doing a deal like that every so often. That doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to become our core, but those businesses are still working in our pipeline. But there are still many businesses that are, I’ll call them medium size that are the $100 million deals similar to NSI-MI and Magnetrol. Those are probably the most businesses of that size. And then we also had some smaller deals that they're really important strategically to operate and augment our internal growth. So you're going to see a mix of deals of those sizes. AMETEK is not going to buy a company our size or buy a company half our size. We just don't think that you can create value like that, but the size of the company now I think those companies in the $200 million to $400 million revenue makes sense, and you'll see those from us occasionally.
David Zapico: Right. When you -- I’ll first unpack the orders a bit. We had a 9% organic order growth and it was broad-based in the company and EIG organic orders was 10%, EMG organic orders was 8%. So it was good to see broad-based orders. When you think about our portfolio, both EIG and EMG, we raised from mid single digits to high single digits. That's another indication of broad-based growth. I think that the overall company will grow sales sequentially each quarter. And as we look at our four market segments, process improved high single digits; power and industrial improved high single digits; automation and engineering improved high single digits; but the aerospace and defense segment, we continue to expect low to mid single digits with defense growing better than commercial. So when you think about the entire business, it really is going well. And I carve out the two long cycle businesses, oil and gas that we think will trend up in the second half of this year and the commercial aerospace business which will not trend up until 2023, maybe 2022, 2023. But the key point is, we have properly sized that business for the current level of activity and any small improvements along the way are going to be very profitable for us. So we look at it as really attractive. We're going to have the long cycle businesses kicking in down the road and we're already seeing the mid cycle pick up. So we're feeling pretty optimistic about the recovery.
David Zapico: Yes, that's a good question. We had excellent margin performance in the first quarter, strong margin improvements in both EIG and EMG, a strong execution, solid price inflation, excellent productivity. We're going to see for the year core incrementals of 35%, and that includes bringing all the temporary costs back into the business. And core operating margins will increase about 40 basis points. So we’ll grow margins. A key point though is the acquisitions are margin dilutive. So our reported margins will be down a bit, and that's kind of what we do. We acquire businesses that are lower margin than AMETEK. And over the course of a couple of years, three years, we bring them up to the AMETEK level when it's pretty hard to acquire businesses that are at the profitability level of AMETEK worth 29%, 30% EBITDA, and we have some room with all these businesses to improve profitability. So that's the way I think about the -- the core operating leverage on the business will be positive. And then the reported margins with the acquisitions will be margin dilutive.
David Zapico: They're a little bit of that, Nigel. But what I see is a lot of private owners -- and there were some private owners in this suite of businesses that we bought, they got through the pandemic and they're looking at a world that's changed, and they're looking at someone larger to provide some stability and some capital and some access to things that they didn't have access to. So I think it's more the uncertainty in the macro environment, the uncertainty driven by the pandemic, has certainly made private company owners more likely to consider the exit that they were maybe going to do a couple of years from now. That's what I think is happening and we're seeing a little bit of that.
David Zapico: They were a record margin this quarter at 24.7%, up 190 basis points and their margins have been growing nicely for a period of time. And when you look at that part of the business and you dissect what happened, the two very profitable parts of that business, our automation business and our defense businesses, both are firing on all cylinders and that drove the margins up. So it's really a mix among businesses within the EMG group that is driving the margins. And as long as those businesses stay strong, I would expect the margins to be good.
David Zapico: You're right on, Scott. The supply chain -- there are certainly challenges in materials and logistics right now. Specifically, the semiconductor shortages have our attention and our supply chain team are working this issue aggressively. Our guidance reflects all known risks. This is a serious issue, and one that will likely be with us for some period of time. And we're managing this with our dedicated business unit supply chain personnel with an overlay of our company-wide global sourcing, and they're an effective team and we've done an effective job on it so far. But it is a serious issue. Our guidance reflects the known risks and we're confident we can deliver it. But it really -- we just felt it was too early in the year to improve the second half earnings and sales guidance because of that. We think it's a nice balance.
David Zapico: Good question. We have highly engineered products. So I don't think people are stocking them. But certainly in the current macro environment, people want to get their orders -- customers want to get their orders placed to make sure that they can get the products that they need. So we're seeing confident customers concerned about the global supply chain, and placing their orders earlier than expected.
David Zapico: All of the geographies showed improvements. The U.S. was down mid single digits, improvements in most areas but the decline was driven by commercial aerospace and oil and gas. Really, it was the same picture in Europe where we were down mid single digits with good improvement, but weaknesses in commercial aero and oil and gas. And Asia was the star for us, a broad-based strength up mid 20s led by our automation business and our process business.
David Zapico: In Q1, we did an excellent job and we didn't have any inability to ship because of supply chain. And our teams are going to work on the full year and there are certainly challenges, but we have a good team working on them and going to solve them. I don't think we've seen the worst of it yet, just based on what's happening on semiconductors. I think some of the logistics issues we think will moderate during midyear, but the semiconductor shortages could continue into 2022. And there are higher prices you're dealing with or issues with the global supply chain recovering from a V-shaped recovery, and we have a really good supply chain capability. We're dealing with it effectively, but we're not immune to it. So we're doing our best to stay on top of it. In Q1, we didn't have any issues and our guidance reflects the known issues, and we're confident in our guidance.
David Zapico: Yes, great questions, Brett. The first thing, defense is about 12% of the sales of AMETEK. And when we looked at Abaco, we wanted to make sure that we have a changing administration, we wanted to make sure we were able to grow through this. And if you look back at Abaco over the last three or four years, they grew about 16% and that's very, very excellent. It's healthy. We feel that embedded computing is among the most compelling growth opportunities in A&D to the substantial DoD focus on modernization and upgrades of existing defense platforms, because there's a focus on processing intensive and data intensive mission capabilities in the future. We also got comfortable with -- they've amassed over $1 billion in design wins that underpin the growth over the next several years. So that's all good. But at the same time, we think they're well positioned to offset any overall DoD funding headwinds, because of those factors. And we’ve modeled our top line as a high single digit grower versus the mid teens in the recent past. So we think we got a conservative model there. The management team of the business is still driving to those higher growth rates. But we modeled it conservatively. And when you look at AMETEK’s broader defense exposure beyond Abaco, right now, we're kind of in the right areas. There's a lot of electronics going in and we're in cooling and heating electronics in terms of the environmental controls, and it's been doing well for us. And we think this year for 2021 outside of Abaco, our core business will be up into high single digits in the defense market. And we went into the year saying mid single digits, but we had a very strong first quarter. So we improved the defense business to mid to high single digits.
David Zapico: Yes. Our strategy is really not capacity constrained. Even at 2.5, we're well below our covenants. Our strategy is constrained by finding good deals that are differentiated that meet our requirements, so we can improve. So we're optimistic that we're going to be able to do that. And hopefully, we're talking to you again later this year. And we have a good pipeline, but it's really finding those deals that we get confident we can get a return. That's the key issue, Brett, not finding them.
David Zapico: Yes, that's a great question. And we obviously spent a lot of time on that. And based on our questions and Abaco in particular, they have all their -- they have committed order for their plan on 2021. So we pushed it and they responded, and it was an area of heavy focus on our diligence. You don't have full access to the business, but it's understood by the Abaco team, they were very good. And I think that we're well positioned to deal with the supply chain issues in that business. 
David Zapico: Yes, we're not thinking about a new structure. We got the four sub-segments under the two reporting segments externally. So we have EIG and EMG. EIG is about two-thirds of the size of the company. EMG is about one-third. And we provide insight in revenue disaggregation into process, which is about 46% of the company pro forma. Aerospace and defense was about 19% of the company pro forma. Power and industrial which is about 14% of the company and automation and engineered solutions is about 22%. And power and industrial is 14%. So we're comfortable with it. And we think this structure is going to let us go and grow for the next few years.
Bill Burke: Yes. Allison, I would expect that -- we'd expect that to probably come back. It would be adding some cost back to the balance sheet. Particularly as the sales grow, you're going to see some more receivables come on the balance sheet and we're going to be focused on making sure that we've got all the right inventory levels in the business to support the growth and make sure we're good to go and can support our customers as we move forward. So I think we did really well in the first quarter. I think -- while we did put receivables and inventories back up on the balance sheet, our teams did a great job getting advanced payments from customers and the like. So that was a good result, but I'd expect to see that trend up a bit over the course of the balance of the year.
Bill Burke: Yes, I think there was 90 actually that was the temporary cost from last year, and we got the benefit of 50 million into 2021 for the structural restructuring, Scott. 
Bill Burke: But what I’d say is in the second half of the year, you're going to see those temporary costs come back in. And a little bit came in, in the first quarter, a little more in the second quarter. But in the second half of the year, you're going to have -- they're all back in. So that's how we’ve modeled the year and we look at it.
Bill Burke: Yes, sure. If you look at -- if we spent that 1.8 billion that we talked about, certainly there'd be more capacity available. Our leverage would still only be below 2.5 at that point in time. So we'd have additional room to flex up from there if the right deals came along. So from a balance sheet capacity, that's not an issue and it's always, as we say, it's all about making sure that we have the management capability to be able to bring in those deals effectively, and Dave touched on that earlier in his comments. 
