Debra Cafaro: Well, I do think you stated properly, which is, there's a balance, and that balance in any given market may change. I think that basically between your first and third buckets, which is the low cap rate and then the attractive portfolios of MOB in senior housing, that would be anywhere from, call it, 50% to 75%, and then the opportunistic would be, call it, a quarter of it.
Debra Cafaro: Uh-huh. Again, it varies in different markets. Right now, our number one capital allocation priority is really the research and innovation pipeline, and that's clearly at the top of the list, and then I would say our pipeline breaks down along -- generally along the lines I described.
Debra Cafaro: It was a good opportunity for a quality asset in a great market with potential rent growth at a size where it can give us a nice window on that market. We do view it as adjacent or related to our existing university strategy, given the type of tenants who are collaborating with MIT and Harvard.
Debra Cafaro: Our pipeline is typically across all the asset classes, and obviously we do see the upside in senior housing and certainly would invest in that sector. Our priorities are as described.
Debra Cafaro: Well, there is a lot in there. I would say again because the lease coverage is a lagging indicator. We expect to rounding down at some point as the cycle bottoms, and the primary driver of it is really Brook deal, and the $10 million obviously would improve it, but it's really that's a rounding error in the whole calculation. It's so small.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, John. Good to hear from you. I mean opportunistic by definition are things that pop up that have a variety of characteristics that are not what I would call regular way activities. They can be across the board public or private. For example public is when you know your multiple may - may have a huge advantage over someone else. Typically there are more often private opportunities where we may get a call on something where we have a relationship or we may have particular knowledge about access that enables us to move quickly. I would say even our acquisition of our research and innovation portfolio itself I would call opportunistic in the sense that it was an attractive asset, we had worked on multiple times and at some point John Craig called and said you know can you do this in 30 days. And we said absolutely and we were off to the races. So that's one good example. Another one was when we helped Ardent by a very attractive portfolio and enabled them to double in size with the loan that we made to them that was well-structured in higher yielding and was repaid on time and early actually. And so those are good examples I would say of this - this opportunistic category. I hope that gives you some color and texture what I mean by that.
Debra Cafaro: Uh-huh. Well, International has not typically been in what I would classify as that category, I mean something could be, but typically as you know these international opportunities in healthcare are at very low cap rates, particularly when tax affected. And so I'd be less likely to put it in that category, but of course there could be something from time to time that's in that category.
Debra Cafaro: That's a subject that we've agreed between us that that Ardent will address on behalf of both of us.
Debra Cafaro: Uh-huh. Well, I think the absorption or demand, it's really the key green shoot I would call it that we're seeing at record levels in the top 31 markets. And again we're seeing the supply over -- less than half of what it was at the peak. These do not as we know translate into financial results in the current period, but will over time translate into the powerful cyclical upside.
Debra Cafaro: So I would say that the office is a focus of investment activity because it is performing so well and we have such great advantages and momentum that we're trying to take advantage of especially in the R&I development pipeline. So I think I want to clarify that. In terms of the opportunistic, those can be more complex and take longer but they can also be as I said things have pop up that we can get them really because of our understanding of the market or the asset. So that can go either way.
Debra Cafaro: But the important part again is to have a big pipeline, have a diverse pipeline, have good relationships and good understanding of the market, so we can act across the Board.
Debra Cafaro: We continue to think that the category of health systems and hospitals that we've invested in, we've great management teams, great market share is an area, where we would certainly be willing to commit capital. And Arden has proven to be an excellent and incredible investment for us. And we would do more, but we will continue to be selective in that market. I do believe that we will have the benefits of the Affordable Care Act for a while. I mentioned the 4% effective increase of almost 4% that is being proposed for later in the year. And I also believe that we may see additional Medicaid expansion in certain states which would also be favorable. So those are some good trends I would point to, and we would continue to invest behind that if we had appropriate opportunities to do so.
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you. I think again we've done a good job over time in allocating capital to the three different categories as I described. The opportunistic one is something that could be -- it could be a higher yielding asset as which can be lumpier as you pointed out or it could be something like the life science research and innovation acquisition that I mentioned that really has created a whole new business line for us and has been sustainable and actually has driven and will continue to drive a significant amount of growth. So that category of assets is broader than simply a high yielding category.
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for saying that. It is a good example of our proactive asset management capabilities, and our ability to really optimize situations on behalf of our shareholders. And I agree well Genesis is a small tenant about $20 million a year. The fact that we extended the lease with the corporate guarantee out to 2026 is impressive and is a real win for the company, including a cash payment and guarantees and all the other things that we talked about. And this is the kind of management expertise and you know the benefits of our excellent team that we bring to bear to try to create good outcomes for our shareholders across the board and we've done it time and time again over the years.
Debra Cafaro: Well, if you think about the corporate history of Genesis, you might be able to figure it out, but I'm just going to leave it where it stands now with a credit worthy third-party guarantor.
Debra Cafaro: And substantially all the tenant base are really as I mentioned people who either work at or collaborate with MIT in Harvard and it's an above 5% cap rate with room to grow. So, and it's a fee simple interest, which is very significant in terms of valuation.
Debra Cafaro: Hi. Yes I mentioned that in that you know we did the great deal with Brookdale last year we're implementing that feel, committing capital to the assets and also disposing of a pool of assets that we identified together. That coverage will not change materially because as you recall Ventas keeps the net proceeds and then Brookdale gets a rent credit equal to 6.25% on the net proceeds that we receive. So it will be a well move materially.
Debra Cafaro: Karen, this is Debbie. Just commenting on that, I would say that when we talked last quarter, we said we may be starting to see a slight upward tick in cap rates. And I think in some transactions, you still may be seeing that although the quality may not be like-for-like. Right after I said that of course, as interest rate expectations had been moving up, I thought that that was related to some of the potential cap rate expansion that we were seeing and that of course those expectations have then changed fairly significantly in terms of people's forward expectations and the actual rate. And so the impact of that really probably would put a lid on any hope for cap rate expansion that we might have seen at that time on a like-for-like basis.
Debra Cafaro: So we believe we'll have significant milestones to announce on a number of the projects this year and that we're confident that we'll commence substantially all the $1.5 billion research and innovation pipeline within the next 15 months.
Debra Cafaro: And what's interesting about it though too is that their replacement tenant in Yale moved in to the tune of 50,000 square feet with zero downtime. So better credit, 25-year lease term and the fee was kind of the additional benefit, the tale really because the dog is the Yale expansion with us.
Debra Cafaro: And the projects will be commenced obviously [indiscernible] on a project-by-project basis over those next 15 months.
Debra Cafaro: We expect there to be a total of about 15 ultimately and maybe that may be it -- that may be all that we decide to do with them.
Debra Cafaro: It's a very good, very important, very complex question, and we look forward to giving you more visibility on it.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Another great question because we're looking at upside here, we talked about the cyclical upside in senior housing, and now, we'll talk about the asset. The weighted average lease term right now is about five years. One of the things we really like though about this market and its characteristic of this building is that the tenants are successful. They expand, maybe there's not enough room for them in this particular building. And so, they made by out of their lease early and then you have a chance to mark-to-market and you may have the opportunity to get a lease termination fee. So that's how we would expect that to play out.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. We appreciate that, and we absolutely appreciate everyone's attention this morning and interest in the company. The whole Ventas team is really excited about delivering an excellent quarter and we look forward to seeing you in Philadelphia in June. So, thank you again.
Bob Probst: Sure. I'll take that one. Good morning. So you're right, we had a great quarter in terms of OpEx growth, a little over 1%. Our guidance for the year, you'll recall was 2% to 3%. So particularly good in the first quarter, a few drivers in the quarter continue to flex the volume of labor in light of occupancy, so that lever continues. Indirect costs manage very, very well is the second bucket I would highlight for example utilities where - new procurement contracts have been signed up are benefiting that line, and then just alignment with our operators in terms of profit growth. Those are the three buckets I'd highlight 2% to 3% still feels like the right number for the year underlying wage pressure trends haven't changed for example, but it certainly was a good quarter.
Bob Probst: John, I'll cover the second question which is there $10 million is really the balance of the year, John.
Bob Probst: It's the way to think about it, and we're comfortable that that covers these smaller regional operators we talked about both last time and this time for the full $10 million.
Bob Probst: That's 2019 impact, Mike, the €10 million really the balance of the year. So I think that is now reflected in the first quarter but affected in the balance of the year. And we have line of sight to basically execute on those by mid-year. So we should see those impacts coming through.
Bob Probst: Whether it'd be Genesis or the Alexion and Yale transactions that you highlighted, really strong credits, really great transactions, which we're really proud of in cash in the bank at the same time, so to answer the question specifically office impact is 150 basis points to the same-store in the quarter, triple-net is 90 basis point impact for the quarter. Triple net it when all's said and done for the full-year it's call it 10 basis point impact on same-store.
Bob Probst: -- that had a number of effects, one of it is we gross up effectively in triple-net where we're reimbursing both revenues and expenses, no NOI impact, things like taxes so that's the geography change you're seeing in the P&L.
Bob Probst: So yes, again you're right to say favorable a modest slightly over 1% growth rate in OpEx. We think 2% to 3% for the year. So some things that happened in the core as I mentioned we continue to have some runway on flexing labor volume and at the same time have done a great job managing indirect costs. So that's what's really driving the quarter. But again with wage inflation, we expect to see more like 2% to 3% for the year.
Bob Probst: We grew occupancy rates bottom line, we have a great position and wonderful answer to that market. You see the demand growth what the powerful upside is senior housing can look and feel like and it has another great quarter. So it's really been a shining star for us over the last couple of years.
Bob Probst: Right, Karen. So the flu was really unusual this year and so far as it was clearly more mild in the first quarter relative to last year, but what's unusual is how it's extended into the second quarter and indeed Atria has had a few recent buildings close for flu in terms of quarantine which is unusual so. That's why we just are flagging it, the key selling season is Q2. It's an unusual item. I cycle back to that occupancy year-on-year were down 20 basis points continues to be trending well relative to prior year, which is both share gain I think and some of that demand lift we've been talking about.
Bob Probst: Yes. Good questions. Let me start with pricing and RevPAR in the releasing spread. Our guidance for the year, you recall was - releasing spreads to be down high-single digits and indeed that's what we saw in the first quarter. At the same time, the in-place increases for residents in place, was again healthy. And so, the blended average of those two things is what you see in a 30 basis points for the quarter. Now, looking at the prior year, we really saw discounting in the back-half of the year start to take root and some more aggressive pricing in the back half of the year. So as I think about RevPAR over the course of the year, I think there's some stabilization in the back half of the year that could be potential given prior year comps. To the first question, generally speaking, our range as you know for the full-year is flat to down 3%. We were down call 2% in the quarter or in that range. And it will be relatively generally speaking consistent I would say, wild swings are unlikely.
Bob Probst: Yes. So to clarify the $10 million is this year impact Qs 2 through 4. We expect to have effectively activated the changes by mid-year and that obviously helps drive that that impact over the course of the year, but it's $10 million over the course of three quarters.
Bob Probst: Well, seasonally you're right to say that there's typically a decline Q4 to Q1. So we tend to look year-over-year as our as our best measure and the 20 basis point GAAP when you go back as you know and look back last year is starting out in the first half we had call it 150 basis point GAAP versus prior year that narrowed by the end of the year and has stayed pretty consistently tied to prior year at 20 basis points down. So the occupancy line we're feeling pretty good about. And again I think it's reflecting that we're gaining share.
Bob Probst: Well, we're staying with our guidance really through the P&L which occupancy was flat to down 50 basis points for the year on average. So I think that's still a good number.
Bob Probst: Sure. I mean a very quick and simple answer is the releasing spread discussed earlier. Again the in place is very strong. What you have to look at is last year over the course of the year what happened. The price competition was suppressing price over the course of the year and therefore Q1 versus Q1 year-over-year that is driving the impact. Now in the balance of the years particularly the second-half will be lapping that discounting that should firm up, but really it's a year-over-year comp issue driven by the releasing spread.
Bob Probst: Yes, Jonathan. I think when you look at the annualized -- when you look at the annualized NOI Q1 versus Q4, you get some of the technical factors namely days that play a role and there were fewer days when you build by the day as a revenue and NOI impact and so that annualized is much of what you're seeing.
Bob Probst: Stepping back, we believe ESL is going to be accretive to our growth this year and if they continue to implement the plans, they identified early on.
Bob Probst: Well, I'm very -- there's a lot of noise, as you know, we transitioned this time last year, first quarter last year, there's a lot of noise in the ESLP and all I would encourage you to look over a longer period when you think about year-over-year. And again on that basis, I think they'll be accretive to our growth.
John Cobb: This is John Cobb. And I think you should assume that we look at all those deals, we evaluate every single one both from the medical office side and the senior housing side. And we're exploring about the R&I developments but also look at acquisitions as you saw this quarter.
John Cobb: For the outlook is I think your point and there's some transition costs embedded in that that have gone up in terms of addressing some of these triple net smaller operators. So that's in the outlook for the year.
John Cobb: Sure. This is John Cobb. The 1030 mass deal that we announced is what we think is a highly attractive asset in Cambridge. It is a high price per foot but you have really great current rental rates, which is in the low-70s. You're seeing a market rents above that the current it is 100% occupied with you know a really good diverse tenant mix that are all lab in life science.
