Bob Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'm happy to report a strong start to the year with results ahead of our expectations. I'll share some highlights of our Q1 performance, discuss our balance sheet and close with our reaffirmed 2023 normalized FFO guidance. Starting with some highlights from our office segment. Our Medical Office business outperformed once again in the first quarter with same-store cash NOI growth of 3.1%, Ventas' MOB NOI growth and margins are best-in-class. Meanwhile, our university-based R&I same-store cash NOI increased over 3%, adjusting for $1 million of holdover rent received in the prior year. In terms of overall enterprise performance, we reported first quarter attributable net income of $0.04 per share. Normalized FFO per share in Q1 was ahead of our expectations at $0.74, led by property strength across the business, with total company same-store cash NOI increasing 8.1%. Q1 normalized FFO increased 4% year-over-year, adjusting for HHS funds received in the prior year. The year-over-year growth is largely explained by excellent SHOP NOI growth, partially offset by higher interest rates. Excluding the year-over-year impact of higher interest rates on floating rate debt, grew 11% in the first quarter. Now a few comments on our continued focus on financial strength and flexibility. We have the benefit of scale, liquidity and access to diverse forms of attractive capital. And we have an enviable multiyear organic cash flow growth opportunity. These strengths were evident in significant proactive measures taken so far this year. Some examples, we've raised nearly $1 billion already this year from diverse capital sources at attractive rates through a combination of senior loans, secured financing and asset sales, and have already substantially completed our 2023 refinancing requirements. We've now turned our focus to forward maturities. Last month, we proactively tapped the Canadian bond market upsizing after strong demand to a CAD600 million five-year senior note issuance at 5.398%, with proceeds principally used to repurchase our first tranche of debt maturing in April 2024. In addition to raising new funds, we're actively managed interest rate risk in a dynamic rate environment. Notably, in March, we executed 400 million of pay fixed, two-year interest rate swaps and at an attractive rate of 3.79%, improving our floating rate debt exposure by 160 basis points to approximately 10% in Q1 at the low end of our 10% to 20% target range. We have robust liquidity of 2.4 billion, increasing to over 2.6 billion when including additional asset sales expected in 2023. Our leverage at Q1 was 6.9x net debt to adjusted EBITDA, which was consistent with the prior quarter. Cash flow growth from our unprecedented organic NOI growth opportunity remains the most powerful driver to return to our pre-COVID 5x to 6x leverage target. A few comments on our capital plans vis-à-vis center, we expect to fund repayment of the nonrecourse senior loan which has been extended through June of 2024 on a long-term basis over time through a variety of capital sources, including asset sales. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet and our BBB+ credit rating. I'll conclude with our 2023 outlook. We are reaffirming our previously issued normalized FFO guidance for full year 2023 and at $2.90 to $3.04 per share or $2.97 per share at the midpoint. As a reminder, this normalized FFO range represents outstanding year-over-year organic property growth led by SHOP, partially offset by higher interest rates. We've also reaffirmed our enterprise and segment level same-store cash NOI guidance ranges. Two points in our reaffirmed guidance that I'd like to underscore; first, our current normalized FFO guidance range on Santerre is consistent with our prior range in February, but with a different P&L composition. Taking ownership of the Santerre portfolio on May 1, has the effect of increasing NOI from the assets as well as higher interest expense from the senior debt. Second, normalized FFO guidance also now incorporates 0.02 of dilution from the proactive refinancing in Canada, which was not included in prior guidance. A final thought on normalized FFO phasing, we expect FFO in the second quarter of 2023 to be roughly stable to the first quarter FFO of $0.73 when adjusted for the $0.01 triple net catch-up cash rent collection in Q1. Sequential growth in SHOP is offset by higher interest rates. As the key selling season and shock kicks in and interest rates plateau, FFO growth is expected to pick up in the balance of 23. To close, we began 2023 with a strong start. The entire Ventas team is enthusiastic about the future and focused on delivering superior performance. For Q&A, we ask each caller to stick to one question to be respectful to everyone on the line. And with that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Bob Probst: Sure, Nick. Well said. So $0.74, I would definitely highlight the penny on the triple net catch-up brand. So that's $0.02 of outperformance really across the property portfolio. It was general strength relatively across the board, and hence, the 8% same-store growth. So, it was broad-based strength, which we're feeling good about.
Bob Probst: Sure. Yes. We chose to simplify the methodology, honestly, to determine what the potential is after a lot of questions around what the assumptions are and basically just say, look, pre-COVID -- occupancy was 88% and margins where NOI margins were 30% on the portfolio at that time. And hence, to get to that level, what's the NOI opportunity, and that's the 300 million. And on the portfolio today, that equates to $1 billion of NOI. And so it's really both simplification and aligning with some fear disclosure, frankly, that drives the change.
Bob Probst: Sure. So I'll focus on redev CapEx because that's really the emphasis of our shop investment that Justin was highlighting. We expect $230 million this year of redev spend. That's really not only the completion of the projects, which really started last year and are completing for the key selling season but also the pipeline of opportunities behind that we see, and that adds up to 230 million. And as a use of cash in our view, is one of the highest return opportunities that we have. So we're going to invest behind those assets.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning. It's Debbie. Well, I think what you will see is the biggest part of the portfolio is really the MOBs, that have also been the most stable but are at probably 75% to 80% occupancy now. And so once we really put those under Pete and the team's expert oversight. We think there's upside there. On the SHOP, we would expect those assets, which are mostly for large-scale communities to benefit from the multiyear recovery and also the application of OI, again, over time. And then on the triple net health care, they've obviously been affected by COVID. They're mostly SNFs, and we would expect to see those trends that you are seeing in the SNF business improve over time.
Debra Cafaro: This is Debbie. Thanks for the question. I would say that we're really focused on maximizing the value in the NOI of all the assets, including that portfolio. As I mentioned, the vast majority of that are SNFs, they were affected by COVID, but I will tell you that they have -- SNFs are having some positive trends a lot of those SNFs are in states with good Medicaid reimbursement increases that are generally considered attractive states. But I'll also tell you, we haven't been shy in the past about selling nursing homes. So you can draw your own conclusions there.
Debra Cafaro: And Pete, maybe you could just address kind of the pyramid of how you've attacked our portfolio to generate those industry-leading kind of margins and retention and so on. There is a playbook of a pyramid.
Debra Cafaro: They've been carefully kind of specked out show us to minimize current disruption in cash flows and occupancy.
Debra Cafaro: And then in terms of the senior housing, I would say, as I mentioned, the vast majority of the NOI is coming from these large-scale communities, which are all rental based and they're in good markets. And so those are -- some people call them rental CCRCs, other people call them senior housing communities. It's a nomenclature. But they're very large communities with high replacement costs in good markets, with a pre-existing operator that we have. And so that's the answer to that question. Then on the SNF, there's about 5,000 beds in the health care triple-net portfolio and -- in terms of coverage, we want to -- we'll do that at the appropriate time once we feel confident in the reported operating results and at the appropriate time, consistent with our policies.
Debra Cafaro: And so that's the recovery opportunity as we think about the unprecedented kind of organic growth that could be in front of us, to get back to that level. And then as I mentioned, the conditions on the ground right now are more favorable than they were at a time prior to 2014 when occupancies go into the low 90s. And so, that's kind of the dream scenario if we can we can do that and the conditions do exist on the supply-demand side to potentially overshoot the pre-COVID targets.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It's higher than the 5%. So that's consistent with what we're seeing in the macro environment as you look at wage inflation, which is improving, but is improving relatively slowly. And so the benefit that we're seeing overall in labor is that the year-over-year growth rates are moderating considerably in the aggregate our ability to predict them has been very good, I would say. And within that agency is coming out at a good pace, -- and we're getting that installed base, which is very positive, but we're assuming there is reasonable wage unit inflation in that installed base. But we're still coming out ahead, and that's the key point. And as Justin said, your care is better in your culture and your communities better as you get a higher installed base. So I hope that answers your question.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, operator, and I want to say thank you very much to all of the participants for your interest in and support of our company. We're really happy to deliver an excellent quarter on your behalf. We look forward to seeing you in person in June.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. Well, first of all, we're really encouraged by what we consider to be this early strong performance. It should be a multiyear recovery. As Debbie mentioned, the supply-demand characteristics are extremely favorable. The execution into this has been strong thus far. So we'd expect this to continue for a period of time, and we have a lot of upside. We're only 77% occupied in the U.S. We've taken actions to make sure we're well positioned to grow operationally and supported by the Ventas AI approach, and we've made CapEx investments. I've mentioned that there's been about 100 that are really completing like right now, and so that will start benefiting us now and in the foreseeable future. We do have more planned over time to help reposition and that's going to be mostly focused in this pool that I mentioned, which is the transition group. We have a very well-invested very strong performing legacy group that has really strong market position, which will also contribute to the growth and would require much less CapEx investment. So I don't think it's a really big number. I think we're spending about $1 million per community. We have 100 that have already completed, and there's more to come, and we'll talk about that in upcoming quarters.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. So there's -- we're interested in high-quality, high-performing relationship-oriented transactions as our first priority. That can definitely include MOBs we would expect CS Class A senior housing as part of that as well. We are interested in pursuing high-growth assets as well. We anticipate there will be a market for that around senior housing in the upcoming quarters. So we're casting a wide net in terms of managing our pipeline, but being more narrowly focused in the near term and using our wide variety of sources of capital to pursue the higher-quality assets.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Sure. Good question. So we're really pleased that we gave full year guidance this year, and we're not getting into the descriptions around our performance expectations in each quarter. Last year, in terms of occupancy growth, it's pretty solid. It was even more in the prior year. I did mention in my prepared remarks that we have an aggressive occupancy ramp that we're expecting in support of our performance expectations, the key selling season starts now. So -- and we're well positioned, we think, to play within that. So we'll see how that plays out.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Canada has an absolute much higher occupancy at 94% although they're still growing. And so they do experience a key selling season similar to the U.S., but they're working off of a much higher base.
Justin Hutchens: Great question. We are not reporting the yields. We did give examples. Some of our early examples of communities, there's a few that are highlighted in the earnings deck. Obviously, we picked some of the better ones where we have leads that are up 150% versus prior year, and our NOI is up 400% year-over-year. And these communities that are relatively low NOI with a lot of upside benefiting from the operational turnaround and the capital investments. We're pleased to see the early results in communities like these. We expect that this is not necessarily a near-term driver of value creation. We think it's also more of a longer-term driver. When we look to invest into communities with this type of CapEx, we're looking at least for a double-digit return. Usually, it's like 10% to 15% return on that capital investment. That's -- there's a lot of moving parts to determine what the actual outcome was when you're measuring that. And to the other part of the question, these are in our same-store pool, and they do not come offline. So you'll see the full benefit of this execution in the same-store pool.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, I can jump in, Justin. So, on the pricing, you mentioned the slide we're showing that the contributors we have rent increases over 11%. And by the way, we have over half of our residents that will have contributed to those rent increases now at this stage. So that's great, care pricing up 9% year-over-year and the street rates up. So I mentioned RevPOR is up 6.8%. We have all of these positive contributors to that. There's a little nuances, for instance, in care pricing. Last year, there was a big spike in agency and therefore, a move to accelerate the growth in care pricing. In response to that, we're comparing to that number on a year-over-year basis. And so it's just normalized a bit. Street rates, these are very strong. They're also contributing to our positive re-leasing spreads that we've had in the first quarter where our new move-ins are paying more than people moving out on the same unit basis, which is great. We would also point out that we continue to expect to see that improve over time. As Debbie mentioned, there's a really strong supply/demand backdrop. And one thing that should happen in time is those street rate growth rates should start to match closer to the in-house rent increases, maybe in some cases, even getting ahead. We're just not there yet. There's still a lag. It's definitely growing. The market is supporting the higher pricing at the street rate level, and we would expect that over time to become even better.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. So, we've -- first of all, expenses are exactly on track to where we expected a 5% growth. Within that, the labor is the biggest piece is 60% of the expenses. We're pleased to see that the agency cost has come down. That's down to 3.3% of total labor, which is the lowest it's been -- so you have that happening. And then as you -- the net hiring has been improving and you're bringing in new people, you're onboarding, you're paying for the onboarding, so there's an offset that you see. And when I said that, there could be opportunity for improvement -- really what I'm speaking about is the opportunity for agency to continue to trend down, if it does, and then getting past the period where you have this onboarding costs. And so -- we'll see how that plays out. We certainly haven't changed any guidance or anything like that. And so far, we're right on track with the 5% overall.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So first of all, the first quarter occupancy was exactly as expected. We had predicted that we'd have typical seasonality. We did. So we're right on track in that regard. To your comment, leads have been very strong. Move-ins in the first quarter were higher than the prior year and higher than 2019. There's been move out. Some of that I mentioned on the last earnings call were driven their financially-driven move-outs, which is typical, particularly when rents were pushed as high as they were, this year. So, no surprises whatsoever in terms of the execution so far and we'll look forward to seeing how the key selling season plays out.
Peter Bulgarelli: Sure, Conor. Thanks. This is Pete. We find the medical office building portfolio within Santerre to be interesting. There is a 75% overlap with the MOB, NOI in similar MSAs to ours. 75% affiliated with health systems. And we've got a 67% overlap. We like the fact they're on campus. We like the average age and the Walt is about the same as ours. But as you indicated, I mean, occupancy is an opportunity. It's 77%. Right now and also something that's relatively low and seems like an opportunity to us is an annual escalator average of 2.2%. So we think there's opportunity. Now both of those occupancy and escalators take time. You have to roll through the leases as they go. And so I think it's a multiyear opportunity for us but there is significant upside in this portfolio.
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes, absolutely. Yes. We view it as a pyramid. And do you have the right assets, and we feel like most of this portfolio is good for us. We need to be sure that the buildings are competitive in the marketplace. We need to be sure that the tenants are excited to be there, so we need to have high tenant satisfaction and strong relationships with the systems. We need to have a center of leasing excellence, and we need to run these buildings efficiently. And that's a Lillibridge playbook. We've improved performance dramatically in the core portfolio over the last four or five years, and we expect to do the same with Santerre.
Peter Bulgarelli: Sure. Thanks, Tayo. This is Pete. Good to hear from you. So look, from an operating perspective, in the same-store pool, there was a decline Bob had described that because of the holdover rent in the first quarter last year. It's adjusted for 3.2%. There's another adjustment that you should be aware of and that affected the OpEx, which also affects the NOI. Last year, we -- in the first quarter, we had a TIF credit, a large TIF credit, which is accounted for as a contra expense. And so as a result, as opposed to an 8.8% OpEx growth, it was 5.6%, if you look at it from a true organic perspective, which is below inflation. So I'm happy with that OpEx number. And then if you run it through NOI, once again, organically, not thinking about the holdover rent, not thinking about the TIF onetime TIF credit, Same-store NOI growth was 5%. And I'm pretty happy with 5% NOI growth in this environment for Life Sciences. But I'm actually even more happy about is really our leasing momentum right now. Leasing in the first quarter of '23 was well over twice what it was in first quarter of '22, substantially ahead of fourth quarter '22 as well. And what's interesting about our leasing pipeline is 60% institutional. And it's really because our focus is on the university-based life sciences markets. So they're dominated typically by government entities, universities, health systems, so on and so forth. And so they don't move very quickly, but they do move and is kind of regardless of inflation either way or life industry conditions, and so we feel very good about our pipeline, and we think it bodes well for the future.
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes. And we have had some office tenants decide either not to renew their lease or downsize. As we said in previous calls, it's an opportunity in some cases for us to transition to lab space, and we're seeing good momentum in those lab conversions. So we're optimistic about that.
