Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Lori, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. We thank you for joining Ventas' year-end 2013 earnings call. Ventas had another outstanding year in 2013 and I'm excited to share the highlights with you today. We remained focused on delivering consistent superior results for our shareholders. Following my overview of 2013 and our initiation of 2014 earnings guidance, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio results and Rick Schweinhart will review our financial performance. We'll be happy to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. Ventas' outstanding performance in 2013 showed our ability to execute our strategy consistently, manage risk proactively, invest accretively, refinance opportunistically and run our assets productively. Now we are $28 billion enterprise with a diversified business model, fantastic balance sheet, nearly 1,500 productive senior living and healthcare assets, and expected NOI of $1.8 billion. Here are some of our notable achievements for the year. Total normalized FFO topped $1.2 billion. Normalized FFO per fully diluted share grew 11% excluding non-cash items and 9% on a reported basis. Yearly cash flow from operations increased more than 20% to $1.2 billion. We generated over $300 million in free cash flow after dividends and capital expenditures. In 2013, we increased our dividend by 10% while maintaining a 67% payout ratio, the strongest in our sector. We delivered excellent same-store cash flow growth in 2013 by managing our assets productively. Company-wide, our same-store cash NOI growth was 5% in 2013, including 6% in our Atria and Sunrise managed communities. We invested about $1.9 billion during the year with the lion's share invested in stabilized high quality private-pay senior living communities and medical office buildings with new tenants and existing relationships. We also allocated about $100 million to development and redevelopment in 2013. Our return from the acquisitions exceeded 7% and our redevelopments are underway to providing future growth. We continued our opportunistic and effective capital strategy in 2013, raising $5 billion in debt and equity. At year-end, our borrowing cost improved to 3.8% and our weighted average debt maturity lengthened to seven years. From a governance and enterprise reliability standpoint, we continue to benefit from a strong and cohesive Board of Directors and an enduring commitment to integrity and transparency. Consistent with our principles, we are pleased to provide enhanced supplemental disclosure this quarter, as promised. In sum, Ventas produced exceptional high quality and sustainable results in 2013. We believe that growing cash flows at increasing levels year after year while maintaining financial strength and flexibility will protect and increase equity and franchise value for our shareholders, We intend to execute on those principles once again in 2014. Today, we are initiating 2014 normalized FFO guidance of $4.31 to $4.37 per diluted share. This range represents 5.5% to 7% year-over-year growth in normalized FFO per share, excluding non-cash items and unannounced investments. Finally, let's talk about the external environment. Our business is at the center of many gigantic secular trends in the U.S. and the world. One is the ageing demographic of course with both baby boomers and the over 85 population growing at a rapid rate. Another trend is the overall growth in healthcare spending. A third is the increased access to our healthcare delivery system initiated by the Affordable Care Act. And a final important trend is the increasing change, consolidation and integration of healthcare providers and segments. As capital partners to our important customers who are on the frontline of delivering quality care to residents and patients in myriad real estate settings, we continue to see wonderful opportunities for Ventas to grow and deliver value to both our customers and our shareholders.
Debra A. Cafaro: Great question. Yes, we did increase our dividend in the fourth and continued that increase into the first quarter of this year, and as you know, we think the dividend is an important part of our total return proposition and have increased it on a 10% compounded basis over the last 10 years. Because our payout ratio is very, very strong at 67%, we do have room to continue to increase and our Board will be looking at that as we always do on a quarter by quarter basis.
Debra A. Cafaro: I do think you're really on to something. So as a secular trend, I think we will see over time increased penetration rates in addition to increased demographics. So that will be a very positive demand trend for our business.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. One comment is, it is important to note that we are projecting and [Nick] (ph) is projecting positive absorption in seniors housing into 2014 and that's very important. I'll turn it over to Ray just to talk about the specifics.
Debra A. Cafaro: Mike, thanks for joining and I appreciate the comment on the enhanced disclosure. I do want to take a minute to share with our investors and analysts that we've had a team of great people here at Ventas working very hard to provide you with that additional disclosure and information and I want to thank them and it's been a big effort here at Ventas on your behalf. So in terms of markets where we really like the supply/demand fundamentals, I'm going to turn it over to Ray.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right, and one of the parts to the disclosure too talked about unemployment and population growth, and if you look at Houston for example, those are off the charts in terms of positives.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, and then fortunately, given the fact that our population is living longer and longer, the growth in the Alzheimer's population is also quite high.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure, Michael. I mean I think that we really love our business and I think that over time we have demonstrated again and again our ability to get more than our fair share of the acquisition opportunities in a very large and growing sector and I continue to feel very confident about that as we look forward. I would say that you really hit on it when you said, acquisitions are lumpy and the timing is impossible to predict, and so that is why we don't predict our volume or timing. But we've got a great team and a great cost of capital, we're in a great sector where we have different segments where we can allocate capital intelligently at the right time and in different cycles and hopefully create value for our shareholders, and at the end of the day that's what's it's all about. And again, I feel very confident in our team's ability to go out there and take care of business.
Debra A. Cafaro: One thing I would say is that we have a good pipeline, we are continuing to work on things, I wouldn't characterize it exactly the way you did, and again I do think it's timing and there has been – when you look at the market, I would say our asset types are attractive for the characteristics that they provide, whether it's MOBs or senior housing or other parts of our business, and those cap rates have stayed relatively steady or even have compressed a little bit. We still have a great cost of capital as I said. And so, over time we're going to continue to I think make value creating acquisitions and we are working on things now, but again timing and volume are yet to be spoken about.
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that the exciting part of our business is that we have tremendous domestic opportunities that we think we will continue to take advantage of, but we also have the opportunity to go global. Many of the trends here obtain abroad as well and we have worked on international transactions over the past years and we have a high hurdle for those kinds of transactions, but we do work on them and we'll continue to do so, and if we find a transaction we think will provide good risk adjusted return and a channel for continued growth, then I think you will see us execute on that.
Debra A. Cafaro: We'll do, yes. That's an old NHP purchase option that we were aware of of-course when we acquired the company. We have a limited number of these purchase options. I do think what's important if you look at the press release is, we have that purchase option and then we had some loan repayments and other sales that were at about an 8.5% yield during 2013, and our ability to continue to grow and reinvest in the face of that I think is quite good and quite extraordinary. And so we don't have anything material at all other than the one that we called out in the press release.
Debra A. Cafaro: First of all by the way congrats on your great call on Kindred, you've made investors a lot of money with their continued improvement. So in terms of process, what typically happens is there, as Ray said, diligence and site tours are done, you would be concurrently agreeing on financial terms and negotiating leases, and then once leases are signed, you go through the regulatory process.
Debra A. Cafaro: We are very consistent about our view in skilled nursing and what we've always thought is that it can be a very good risk-adjusted return investment if you do it out of good time in the cycle with a good operator and at the right pricing, and the right pricing would typically be where you may be coming out of the trough in Medicare reimbursement and looking, as you said, at better stability or even an overall multiyear increase in rates, that would obviously be ideal. They are low cost providers and important parts of the healthcare delivery system for seniors, and so we like that, but we do seem to – they do tend to have less visibility at all times around reimbursement and that has kept cap rates high. So, whenever we feel like we have good visibility and sustainable cash flows, we certainly would be willing to invest a certain amount of capital into high-quality assets with good operators in markets where the operators have good ties to hospital discharge planners and commercial payers.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean first of all you have to look at the different asset types. In general in senior housing for example, if you look at profitability, that would move by maybe 5 to 15 basis points. Skilled nursing as you know is a little bit more because of the margins in that business. I think the important thing to note as we look at EBITDARM, and that is the most powerful way that operators look at coverages because there tends to be profit in that so-called managemency incrementally, so it really – it moves it again depending on the margin of the asset type, maybe 10 basis points on senior housing and maybe 20 basis points, 30 basis points on skilled, and so substantially all of the portfolio is very reliable on that basis.
Debra A. Cafaro: We look at three miles as being the most appropriate radius for the reasons that Ray stated. Staten Island, probably a-tenth of a mile for example, where we have our Sunrise asset. So it seems like an appropriate trade area and so that's why we focus on it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, those are the same – those include everything because that's really I think at the end of the day the most useful.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, so if you look at the same-store portfolio on a cash basis, full year to full year it's a 6% growth rate in NOI.
Debra A. Cafaro: It's just straight-up as-reported. If you look on the top of Page 3, that's the 6% number as-reported. There are no adjustments in that number for the full year.
Debra A. Cafaro: As one of the kind of leading investors in healthcare and senior housing properties, I think you really should assume that our team is kind of out there looking at pretty much everything, and as I talked about with Michael, I think we are very confident about our ability to execute this year on the investment front and we do have this great opportunity to look at different sub-segments and rotate capital to where we think we will create value through increasing cash flows at our acquisitions and/or increasing multiples.
Debra A. Cafaro: Our young guys are getting a big head here listening to all the [indiscernible], but they deserve it, thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, it has to be material to get moved into redev and then once it's in redev, as Ray said, once it gets stabilized it gets into stable.
Debra A. Cafaro: No, we didn't. I mean as Ray said, in the third quarter typically repair and maintenance and other type of expenses where the operators have budgets for the whole year that get under-spent early in the year, tend to get lumpy in the fourth quarter. We saw some of that, which again is pretty consistent with our experience and expectation.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, first of all we do not comment on rumors and that's our policy and we'll continue to follow that. I have had discussions with investors and happy to do so on a hypothetical basis. Every transaction has pros and cons, public to public mergers have pros and cons obviously. The true value of any transaction will depend upon what its financial terms are and then what the strategy, the team and the prospects for continued growth would be on – and synergies on a go forward basis. And at the end of the day, any public to public merger is a very, very low probability but there are pros and cons in terms of investment pieces, but at the end it all depends on the factors that I outlined.
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that the following, that some of the benefits of scale include ratings and cost of debt which are very highly correlated with the size and scale and diversification, and I would also say that if you think about healthcare REIT, I've always thought of us as kind of a third real estate, a third healthcare, a third finance, and typically to the extent that there is a finance component to the company, those companies do tend to benefit from scale. So that's how I would characterize it, Karin.
Debra A. Cafaro: So you're talking about the non-traded REITs, I mean I think – as I said, our sector is large, it's growing, it's highly fragmented and there are lots of opportunities and we have always been – we have a track record of having executed our growth strategy in a very compelling way and we feel confident about our ability to continue to do that. Because of the attractiveness of our sector, I would say we've always had competition, that competition takes different forms in different times of the market, and our job is to see where the value creation opportunities are in any given market and that's where we are focused on for 2014.
Debra A. Cafaro: We do not assume any additional capital raises in our guidance and we always view our shareholders' equity as a very precious resource and we hope to use that wisely and we use a variety of factors, including use of proceeds as a principal one, in determining how, when and what form of capital to raise, and we do believe that having excellent capital market raising capabilities is one of the most important things we can do as a successful acquisition and investment firm.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you. So, we are going to close the call and I want to once again thank everyone for their interest in our Company and I can honestly say that with the strong relationships, our team, our cost of capital, our balance sheet, our track record and our focus, I am as excited about the future of Ventas as I was 15 years ago when I joined. We really look forward to seeing all of you in Florida and hope you have a great weekend. Thank you.
Raymond J. Lewis: Juan, this is Ray. So with respect to occupancy, sort of the midpoint assumes that occupancy would increase on average throughout the year about 80 basis points over 2013. Rates would be around a 3% increase. The redevelopment, as we mentioned in the script, we have geared up our redevelopment. The good news for that is we're trying to pump for future growth, but as we increase the amount of redevelopment activity, obviously there will be some units that will come off-line. The net impact of that next year would be probably a reduction in the order of maybe $3 million or so of NOI.
Raymond J. Lewis: Juan, this is Ray. No, we haven't seen necessarily a change in the penetration rate or the average age. Obviously as the economy improves, spending generally will pickup and we have seen as the housing market has improved, a continued improvement in the seniors housing market, but with respect to penetration rates or average age, we're not seeing any change there.
Raymond J. Lewis: Juan, if you look at be enhanced disclosure that we've provided in the supplemental this quarter, you'll see that we've actually laid out the amount of NOI that has construction within a three mile radius, and that on our total NOI base is less than 2%.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean I would point you to the very first market in the list which is New York, which accounts for 22% of our total NOI. Within a three-mile radius of our properties in that densely populated marketplace, there is really only one property under construction and with 213 units. So we feel very bullish about that market and our assets in that market as an example.
Raymond J. Lewis: Dallas and Houston are the two markets where there is the most supply going on. Again, I think if you look at our properties in those markets, there are buildings that are being constructed around our properties, but when you look at the income statistics and the household, the home value statistics within our rings, our markets are very strong from those perspectives.
Raymond J. Lewis: It's a different product type. I think you're pointing that out correctly. It's the most neat driven product of the seniors housing continuum. It's also been the most underserved product in the seniors housing area traditionally. So it's a highly specialized business for people that need specific services relating to dementia and the assisted-living product itself is more for the frail but mentally cognitive elderly. So there is I think a progression from assisted living into Alzheimer's but I don't think there is a direct crossover because of the specialized nature of the Alzheimer's services.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, it does, and we would expect to have the vast majority of the assets transitioned by the expiration of the lease looks minimal, potential hold-over depending upon regulatory processes. And then with respect to the interest in the buildings, we've had a lot of interest in the process. This time around I would say we've had a little bit more interest than we had last time from both existing tenants and new relationships. The process has moved very quickly, we have gotten our site inspections and diligence done, we've made significant progress for negotiating as I said with identified tenants for the properties. So this has been a good process where we've been able to leverage what we learned from the last process to move it along quickly. And then finally, I believe you asked about sales versus leasing, we may sell a couple of buildings but the vast majority of the portfolio is targeted for re-leasing.  
Raymond J. Lewis: It's actually kind of a normal trend in the fourth quarter as you get to the holidays that people will not be moving their parents into seniors housing. I think the last couple of years as our portfolio has really outperformed the rest of the market, we bucked that trend, but this is a pretty normal trend that you would have, stable to declining occupancy slightly in the fourth quarter.
Raymond J. Lewis: Again, I think there's a lot of variables that go into creating our guidance. I would say our portfolio at approaching 92% occupancy is getting to the point where you can start to push rate and we have been doing that in markets where we have strength to do so. I would say that what I'm saying about guidance is really sort of a working assumption and is in fact a little bit higher than the working assumption we used for rates and guidance last year.
Raymond J. Lewis: We've got a couple of hundred million dollars in the pipeline of redevelopment opportunities. There are still a number of attractive opportunities in the seniors housing operating portfolio that we haven't even begun to work on and then we've got our entire triple-net leased portfolio as well which we haven't mined to any material extent so far. And so that provides I think a very nice opportunity to go to our customers and markets where we think there are opportunities to invest in the assets and drive rate and occupancy, and that's going to be a big focus of ours this year.
Raymond J. Lewis: Remember Nick that we sort of – we've gone – we had a big amount of redevelopment a couple of years ago that we were undertaking. We moved through that. That provided a lot of growth in our portfolio. We shifted gears again this year. This year we did $100 million of redevelopment as Debbie described. We now have a couple of hundred million with another couple of hundred million in the pipeline. As you implement those redevelopment projects, you are taking units off-line, you are reducing NOI in those buildings, so that you can increase your growth rate in the future as you are able to refill those units at higher rates. So that's what that's all about.
Raymond J. Lewis: I would say the redevelopment would have had a marginal impact on it in the fourth quarter. I don't really have any other observation and a seasonal trend around the holidays.
Raymond J. Lewis: I'm sorry, you asked about the impact of the doc-fix, we're not hearing anything from our potential tenants with respect to the doc-fix or other reimbursement changes. The properties continue to perform well and interest remains very high. I think with respect to the doc-fix, obviously there's a lot of uncertainty around the pay force and whether or not that would scuttle any kind of a deal in spite of the apparent savings that are embedded in the fix. So, we're not hearing anything from our tenants on that at this point.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean I think again going back to the fourth quarter of last year, we had a very strong fourth quarter of last year. I think occupancy was up 130 basis points sequentially and 360 basis points year-over-year. So I think there is a very strong comparison period there.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean I think we use a three-mile radius because all of our properties or substantially all of our properties in our seniors housing operating portfolio are in [indiscernible] infill urban and suburban locations where a three-mile ring is going to encapsulate a lot of population density. I think some markets may be a little more, some markets may be a little less, depending upon the density, but we believe this is a pretty good proxy given the composition of our portfolio.
Raymond J. Lewis: If we had a steady-state pipeline, Rich, that would be true, but because the pipeline is growing, the incremental impact of growing the pipeline is the $3 million.
Raymond J. Lewis: Probably the best thing to do is just isolate some variables and use those purely as the driver. So if occupancy was the only driver, you could go plus or minus 100 basis points on either side to stay in there – to get to the top and the bottom of the range or…
Raymond J. Lewis: If you isolate REVPOR, a 1% swing on either side would get you to the top or the bottom and then 50 basis points on expenses on either side.
Raymond J. Lewis: No, those would be separated out. Once the property exceeds 90% occupancy and stabilizes, then it would be moved out of redevelopment and into the stable portfolio.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, obviously we've added more units into the portfolio, so it's going to increase. It's about 2,000 units and that's in the ballpark.
