Bob Probst: Sure. Well, first of all, we are very pleased, Juan, with the first half. As I mentioned, we expected to have a strong first half and we did, and it really has been fueled by the interim I keep referring to, because of the key coastal markets like New York, like LA, like Boston, which have continued to grow mid-single digits. On the back of that, as you referenced, the rate-driven strategy you see the strongest rates and NOI growth in those markets, and that is very much as expected. So we are really pleased with that. At the same time, the construction impact, again, very much in line with the initial guidance we gave in February and the framework we put around that. Indeed, the impact of the new units coming online is on the better end of the guidance that we gave in February. And as a consequence, net, net, net when you step back and look at the portfolio in the first half, 2.5% growth above the midpoint of the guidance towards a higher end. So we feel very good about the first half, and that is the core reason why we are raising the guidance for the back half of the year. The reason for the range continues to be very consistent with that framework of engine room performance continuing to drive forward a potential variability depending on the impact of new construction. And that is the reason for the range in the back half. But, fundamentally, the confidence in the guidance is solid.
Bob Probst: Well, look, I think you can see a scenario of, if you stick to what we had in the first half, to get the higher end, again, as we were in the first half. So the lower end of that will be dictated by supply, and the big question is, when are those new units coming online? What does that look like? One of the things we have seen and others have commented on is deferring new units coming online into 2017. That would obviously be good. That gives more time for absorption of existing inventory. And if that were to happen, we expect to be at the higher end. But it really would be a function of when that inventory comes online and what the impact is.
Bob Probst: Sure. So we have $500 million in the guidance for the year, as you readily pointed out, $75 million year-to-date. We feel very confident in that guidance for the year. The markets are good. We have said before and it continues to be true the focus areas include MOBs, some senior housing, and potential loan repayments, and we have line of sight very much for the guidance number of $500 million. Obviously, back-end weighted, so it has an impact in the back end. But feeling good about that guidance number.
Bob Probst: Well, Nick, if I step back, big picture, I will emphasize again the value proposition of senior housing. We are bullish on senior housing. Short, medium, long-term, because when you look at the services that seniors get in senior housing communities, economically to replicate that at home is twice as expensive. Not to mention the social benefits of being part of a community, which are proven to be enhancing and extending life. And, therefore, there is a great product offering here where affordability – importantly, we have affordability, if you look at net worth among seniors, affordability of senior housing is not negating issue. They can afford comfortably on average to enter senior housing. So that, together with, of course, the aging population, the megatrend of longevity, has a huge tailwind to this business, give me and us confidence in that business. Now, within that, as you rightly point out, we have been driving a rate strategy in light of that value proposition. We think that is a smart move that really is very much predicated on the annual rent letter. And that increase we saw this year, which was among the highest we have had, has held nicely and is proving out to be a good strategy. At the same time, we are being sensitive to the occupancy impacts, and this is proving out to be a good formula. One that will be dynamic, though, and we will make sure we are managing well because it is a more complex equation between rate and occupancy. But, nonetheless, again, we like where we are. The strategy is proving out very much in line with where we expect it to be, and then short, medium, long-term, this is a great business.
Bob Probst: Right. Okay. So looking at the guidance for the year in the back half, what we expect to happen is we narrow the gap, if you look year-over-year, in terms of occupancy relative to the first quarter to the second. That is still lower than last year. We hope to continue to narrow that gap at – on a full-year basis, occupancy will be below prior year. However, rate, we continue to expect will be strong and to hold with where we are, and that is really important in part to cover costs. And, therefore, the paradigm of the P&L is one where revenue growth very much in line with expense growth to deliver the guidance we gave for the year. So that is the P&L profile. I think if you look within construction markets, you will see a different dynamic where we still see rate growth, albeit not as strong, and you do see some occupancy pressure. And so for that 30% of the portfolio, you do see a slightly different P&L. But again, because of the engine room, it is more than offset by the key markets to deliver the overall year.
Bob Probst: Sure. I will highlight a few things. One is, we mentioned the Kindred deal that we did in April, which, as part of that, you will recall, we reallocated rent to more productive assets. We saw that in the second quarter. That is a same-store benefit that contributes to the 4% and will continue to do so as that rent, again, was reallocated to assets that could sustain that given the strength of those assets. So that is one driver. And then, second, we have a couple of higher escalators. We have talked about holiday, for example, in the past in the senior housing business, which we are seeing the benefit of, again, also expected to continue into the back half when we look at it. So in place escalators, notably with a few significant drivers, are really what is underlying that, Kevin.
Bob Probst: And it is such a small pool, Kevin, that it really stands out on the page. And we saw the opposite to Debbie’s point last year where we had a ramp-up in one of the redevelopments that really flattered that segment. So you will see ebbs and flows in that bucket simply by size.
Bob Probst: The math of the guidance, Rich, would say it is going to grow in the back half, and certainly our experience in the first half supports that. Again, because of the quality of the high barrier to markets in their momentum. So that is why we raised the lower end of the full year.
Bob Probst: Yes. It is flat, as you say, sequentially and up approximately 4% year over year. The big benefit of the rate bump happens in the first quarter where the majority of the increase comes. And then if you look at – typically, you will see some small drift from there, just to the dynamic of move-ins and the acuity associated with that. So I wouldn’t really read into anything there. Jordan.
Bob Probst: Yes. I think if we saw a Class A portfolio that had – where we had a Ventas advantage, we would be aggressive, if it made sense for us and our customers.
Bob Probst: I think if you step back, there is a strong correlation, as I describe our engine room markets versus those that have some construction exposure, there is a high correlation between primary and secondary markets. Now the performance you see in the secondary market does have a number of those supply challenge markets in it. Witness Indianapolis and Knoxville, for example, to take a couple specifics, whereas the primary markets I talk about in New York and LA and Boston all the time, clearly those aren’t primary.  If you step back, I think from a portfolio point of view, that is a little bit of an artificial segmentation that is really NIC driven. We step back and like our portfolio and are looking at ways to be able to, for example, help Atria continue to drive operational excellence, help invest behind that, help them build scale, and even in some of these markets, we continue to see that we gain share in those markets because we have great assets that are run really, really well. So it is not a matter of reacting to the here and now, but thinking about how I can grow short, medium, and long term, and we have not only the assets but the operators to do that.
Bob Probst: Well, there’s is two pieces to that equation. One is certainly debt and the other are dispositions, both of which are going to cover the balance. So we did obviously do $750 million on the pre-funding, and the balance will be split between those two.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, one of the biggest factors, as I mentioned in my remarks, Michael, is that, do we believe that we are entering at a good risk-adjusted return and that the assets are going to produce reliable growth and income? So that is the number one factor in all deals, definitely. And obviously, our funding costs are critical because we are here to add value for shareholders. And so appropriate capital markets is extremely important, and I would say, having a good relationship with Blackstone and the Wexford management team is a helpful facilitative factor in the transaction as well. And the structure is always I would say a helpful factor, but normally it is not this positive. It is really those cash flows. And here, when we look at Wexford and these are new assets or Class A assets and about three-quarters of the NOI is from tenants who have investment-grade ratings, have billion-plus market cap, have AA rated or universities. That, to us, is a really good risk-adjusted return when you are looking at 10-plus a year length of lease maturities. And so everything came together, I think, in a really positive way. The fact that we have looked at the deal before, I think, really shows our discipline and patience, and that is really how we operate here. And so we are very excited about it, and I hope that answers your question.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I would say the following. The Wexford business is a very institutional business. It matches incredibly well with the Ventas business model. And I do think that there is a natural segmentation, frankly, between this part of the business and the Cambridge, et cetera, cluster market strategy. I would say to you that the reliability of these cash flows is extremely high, and they will produce this reliable growth at income that Ventas prizes and that our investors prize. But it is a different game in Cambridge, really, and there’s excellent players like Alexandria and Blackstone who will invest in those 4% or 5% cap rate markets and deal with the turnover and all of that. But Wexford fits with the Ventas business model. And that is really the key thing, and it is a very reliable, consistent growth in income with institutional tenants and even cross-selling opportunities with medical assets as well. So that, I think, if anything, the deal is just a good one for our shareholders, plain and simple.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, as you know, we are big believers in the growth opportunity in our hospital business. We are really happy with the Ardent investment and the Ardent management team. It is performing very well. We have said all along that this is a big, long-term secular opportunity, and we want to build a great business here. We have also said we are going to be very selective and we are. We want high quality with all the characteristics that we’ve talked about over and over again, and we think we can scale this Ardent business. But it is a business where we will stay selective and, therefore, difficult to predict when transactions will meet the hurdle and we will have something to announce. But, really, we feel optimistic about the opportunities and feel really good about the Ardent investment and, hopefully, more to follow at the appropriate time.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Oh, I am so glad you asked that. That did come out this week, and if you eliminate the 20% of hospitals that were not rated and you look at the percentages, Ardent performed well above average and, in fact, in its markets, performed better than the competition. So we were pleased with the outcomes. I know that the management team there is focused ultimately on certainly having everything 3 and above and, ideally, everything in at least a 4. But that is a rarefied air. So we were happy with Ardent’s performance and particularly in its market that it is outperforming the competition on quality ratings.
Debra A. Cafaro: Kevin, because we are very transparent in almost all – virtually all of our SHOP assets are in same-store, there is a redevelopment asset that is bringing down that number, which is the principal driver as it goes through significant redevelopment. And, of course, redevelopment can both suppress as well as over time increase same-store performance. So that is what is really happening there.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, that is a loaded question. I would say you wrote an interesting note on that. And I did mention that the value-based payment – the transition to value-based payments is accelerating with the addition of this new cardiac bundle that is going to be mandatory in, I think, 98 markets in 2017 on top of the CJR. We don’t even know what markets the 98 are yet, and so there is a limited amount of clarity we can provide. But overall, the bundling initiatives, which will continue to come as part of the evolution of the healthcare system, in general, should favor high quality hospitals, and, while longer-term may present opportunities for the winners in skilled nursing, in the near term will likely create some pressures on the business. In terms of quantifying it, again, too early to say on the CJR because we have only been in it since April.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, one direct answer and one clarification. We are focused on building the university-based institutional part of that business, which is really Wexford’s core business, and they are far and away the leader in that market. So a great brand, trusted developer, and we believe there is opportunities there to grow that business and have some on the drawing board now, as I mentioned. And that is really where we are going to focus. And the clarification is that these 11 universities that we are already doing business with in the Wexford portfolio – so 11 universities that are tenants, they account for 10% of all university life science R&D spending, which is amazing when you think about it, that this pool of tenants that accounts for 10%. So our strategy will really be to grow with those leading research universities and then, also, kind of target the next 20 or so institutions in terms of research and development. So we think we can grow with the tenants we have, and we have those development sites, most of which are in those markets. And then, we also have additional institutions that are top- tier research universities that we would hope to grow with as well.
Debra A. Cafaro: We are actually pleased with the structure, and we have a great example of that in our PMB relationship in medical office. Because it is really a really high quality development platform that we have exclusive relationships with to fund and own preleased premier projects like the Sutter building in California that we are building in downtown San Francisco. So we see Wexford very similar to that, and we think it is a great structure that works for both sides and has worked well for us in the past.
Debra A. Cafaro: It will be, again, yes, similar to what we have with PMB and very straightforward, which is, when Wexford has projects, we will work on them together. We have the exclusive rights to fund and own them on market terms.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we would expect to have, like we do with PMB, development profits in the deals that we would do with Wexford.
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, yes, but, of course, if it were fully preleased to a AAA credit, I mean, that would be one thing. And if it were – it is just like any other type of deal that you look at. It will be market based, and we will gain the benefits of a substantial amount of the development process.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, honestly, it is like everything else. From example, we are developing this premier MOB in downtown San Francisco that is anchored by AA rated credits that are held, and we make a decision on that with X amount of pre-leasing based on our expertise, knowing that that – and this is why the businesses are very similar. You have strong institutional support from AA rated institutions for a big component of the building, and that anchor tenant drives the demand for the building to fill in the spaces that are not preleased by that institution. It is exactly parallel. And so every deal is different with PMB, and every deal will be different with Wexford. But we are very excited about the prospects and, as I said, have some things on the drawing board that we think are very attractive.
Debra A. Cafaro: Hi, Mike. Like everything else, it will be a function of what is available and will be opportunistic, and we will – we are a large company. I mean, we are a $36 billion, $37 billion company. So if anyone project is $100 million, $150 million, I think we could certainly manage multiples at one time, assuming we think that they meet our risk-adjusted return expectations. So I like the idea. Unlike a big office building, for example, you’re going to have basically uncorrelated assets under development at one time. You might have one with a Washington University or one with a UPenn or something like that, and so this would be uncorrelated. But we are large enough and have the financial strength and flexibility to do multiple projects at one time.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we want to be reasonable about the expectations. We are very optimistic about it, but we would imagine that in five years, it could be anywhere from 1.5 to 2 times. We have certainly scaled the Atria and Lillibridge businesses. But it is always a function, again, of what the opportunities are presented and whether they meet our capital allocation discipline and whether we think they are going to make money for shareholders.
Debra A. Cafaro: It depends on the opportunities. Of course, we want to help our customers grow. We want to be help them do tuck-ins and fill in markets and so on. And, in addition 
Debra A. Cafaro: We feel very optimistic about the longer-term opportunities to scale Ardent and build a high quality hospital business. The sector is gigantic. It is a $300 billion-plus space. It is consolidating. And, importantly, I truly believe, in my nerdy University of Chicago way, that assets will flow to the most efficient owners and that we are in such an efficient owner with significant expertise. And so I feel very confident about it, and we are working hard on it. All investments are really based on opportunities set, though, and we have said over and over that in the hospital business in particular, we will be selective on quality. And so the thesis remains intact. In fact, it continues to be very exciting to us, and it is really a matter of time, I think, which is a little bit more unpredictable. But we feel good about it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Heck, we have always been disciplined. There is a deep market with new entrants who, once you invest in medical office and senior housing, they are very financeable assets. And the good thing, as you point out with our cost of capital and just our overall strength of our business, is that we are sellers by choice. So what we are trying to do is create options in terms of sale and continue to refine our portfolio and do some routine capital recycling. And so I think that is all to the good. And so we feel right on track with our guidance and feel confident about the market for those assets.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, it really depends. As I said, we are sellers by choice, and so we have a pool of opportunities that we can decide whether to do or not. And so the cap rates will depend on what we decide to ultimately pull the trigger on in terms of disposition.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. We are in a relatively Goldilocks environment for REITs in general, I would say, and for Ventas in particular as I mentioned. We have been in this slow growth in the U.S. economy for a while, that what I would say is that in the financial crisis and recession, senior housing was the only real estate asset class that continued to show positive NOI growth. Our business – our guidance is based upon a continued low single digit GDP growth. However, what I would say is, because of our long- term leases, if you look at the kinds of things we are doing with Wexford, if you look at our business mix and our business model, we have inelastic demand, growing demographics, long-term leases with escalations, where our business really should and has in the past in recessionary environments, continued to produce reliable income, and I would expect that going forward.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think resiliency is exactly the right word, and I think that what Ventas continues to offer to investors, which is highly valuable, is a very protected downside on cash flows with significant upside from internal and external growth. And that is more valuable now than ever.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, everything is a candidate for disposition. And, as I have mentioned with the portfolio that we have, we want to continue to think about where we can optimize the portfolio, where we can recycle capital, and we want to optimize that. And so we review the portfolio on a regular basis and think about the best ways to create pools of potential disposition candidates, and I would say SHOP and MOBs are in that pool, along with loan repayments, as Bob mentioned. And so I would just think about it that way.
Debra A. Cafaro: n no specific order, I would say, as John mentioned, helping customers grow and being a good partner, development and redevelopment, which will be with Wexford, with Atria, et cetera, with Sutter, and PMB and then putting capital to work, supporting Ardent’s growth within the hospital space. So those are key capital allocation priorities.
Debra A. Cafaro: I am not going to choose between my children. So let’s take that another time, and we will go to our last question. Thank you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have a very small investment in UK senior housing. The assets are performing as we expected. We like our partner there. We continue to look at opportunities in the UK. The regulatory and operational environment there has been challenging for the operators, and so we are continuing to do work, and that is how we feel about it. We like our investment. It is small. We are glad we have a presence in the market that enables us to be opportunistic and knowledgeable as I mentioned before, so that is how we are thinking about it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, there’s new staffing roles rules and things and enforcement activities of that staffing that have increased costs, and the operators are getting kind of up the curve on that. And that is what I mean.
Debra A. Cafaro: We care about our investors, and I would just like to close by saying that we know that demand for healthcare and senior housing products and services is going to increase exponentially as people live longer and our aging population grows. With our diverse high quality portfolio, our leading platforms for growth, and our cohesive team, we believe that Ventas and our shareholders will benefit from this wave of oncoming demand and increasing life expectancies. We really appreciate your time and interest in our Company, your continued support of the Company, and nothing makes us happier than making money for you. So, thank you, again.
