Robert Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'll close out our prepared remarks by quickly touching on our third-quarter office and enterprise results, discussing our recent Balance sheet and Capital activities, and laying out our fourth quarter expectations. Our life science and MOB businesses led by Pete Bulgarelli, in which we represent nearly 1/3 of our Company's NOI once again, delivered robust and reliable growth in the third quarter. These businesses taken together increased same-store NOI by 4.2% year-over-year and increased 1.2% sequentially on an adjusted basis. MOB NOI grew 3.2% year-over-year and R&I increased 7.1%. Some stats of interest that underpin this strong performance. MOB occupancy is up 130 basis points year-to-date, same-store MOB occupancy of 91.3% is at its highest point since the first quarter of 2018.  MOB tenant retention was 91% in the third quarter, and MOB new leasing increased 43% versus prior year. R&I occupancy remains outstanding at 94.4% and improved 50 basis points sequentially due to exciting demand for lab space. MLP expenses increased less than 1% year-on-year as a result of completed energy conservation projects in sourcing initiatives. And for the second year in a row, we ranked in the top quartile of our peer group for tenant satisfaction as measured by Kingsley Associates. 2021 rankings for each major key performance indicator increased when compared to 2020. At the enterprise level, we delivered $0.73 of FFO per share in the third quarter.  This result is at the higher end of our $0.70 to $0.74 guidance range, and benefited from the stable performance of our diversified portfolio, as well as the $0.04 ardent bond prepayment fee that was included in our guidance. We're also very active in the third quarter, managing our balance sheet and capital structure. Consistent with our prior $1 billion disposition guidance, We now have 875 million of disposition proceeds in the bank with a 170 million of Senior Housing and MOB portfolios under contract and expected to close in the fourth quarter. These dispositions have enhanced and reshaped our portfolio. and we've used these proceeds to reduce $1.1 billion of near-term debt so far this year.  We also issued $1.4 billion of equity in the third quarter, including $800 million for New Senior and $600 million in ATM issuance at $58 a share. As a result, our net debt to EBITDA ratio excluding New Senior improves sequentially to 6.9 times, while including New Senior Q3 leverage was better than forecast at 7.2 times. As an administrative side note, we plan to enter into a new ATM program, replacing our 2018 program which is nearly complete. Turning to Q4 guidance. We expect Fourth Quarter net income will range from a penny to $0.05 per fully diluted share. Q4 normalized FFO is expected to range from $0.67 to $0.71 per share. The Q4 FFO mid-point of $0.69 can be bridged from Q3 of $0.73 by $0.01 net impact of tenant fees.  The impact of capital recycling for debt reduction, and pre -funding of new investments is $0.02, and various items round up to explain the last penny. Our SHOP portfolio NOI is estimated to be flat sequentially. Key fourth quarter assumptions underlying our guidance are as follows: starting with our shop same-store expectations; SHOP Q4 average occupancy is forecast to increase between 80 and 120 basis points versus the Q3 average. Growing ahead of pre -pandemic levels, while following seasonal trends. At the guidance midpoint, Spot occupancy, September 30 to December 31, is expected to be approximately flat. The resulting sequential SHOP revenue growth is expected to be offset by increased operating expenses due to continued elevated labor costs.  No HHS grants are assumed to be received in the fourth quarter, though our licensed assisted living communities have applied for qualified grants under Phase 4 of the provider relief fund for COVID losses incurred at the communities. Outside of SHOP, continued stable performance is expected in the office in triple-net segments, we expect to receive an M&A fee in Q4 of $0.03 for the announced Kindred sale, which Kindred communicated is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter subject to customary closing conditions. We continue to expect a billion asset sales and loan repayments for the full-year 2021 at a blended yield in the high 5s. And our fully diluted share count is now 403 million shares, reflecting the equity raised to date. I'd like to underscore that we're still in a highly uncertain environment. And the pandemic's impact on our business remains very difficult to predict.  To close, my colleagues and I are excited for the future of Ventas given the expected robust recovery in senior housing, and the external growth opportunities, both under our belt and that lie ahead. That concludes our prepared remarks. With that, I will turn the call back to the Operator.
Robert Probst: Sure. And the next, page 12 of the business update that we issued this morning, could be helpful. Because it lays out the operating expense increase, we saw sequentially between the second and third quarter, which is roughly $17 million. And within that labor representing, call it, half of that increase. And if you further double-clicked on the labor piece, call it 2/3 of that would be contract labor. I reinforced the fact in our guidance for the fourth, we saw this acceleration in contract labor in September. We effectively assume that to continue through the fourth quarter in light of the backdrop. Important to note that contract labor is at least 2 times as expensive as in-house labor, and so these initiatives adjust and laid out to increase staffing, reduce that contract labor would have a positive mix benefit. But quantitatively that hopefully helps you.
Robert Probst: Yeah, that's really again back to the labor theme frankly. This normal noise is a function of turnover at the communities, new staff, etc. So that's the context obviously, then with this tight labor market, we've assumed increases in the labor costs in the fourth for this portfolio. So that's embedded in the guidance for overall shopping plan.
Robert Probst: And I'll take the disposition question, Juan. The short answer is no. We don't as we think about '22 expect significant dispositions in Senior Housing, we do have a 170 million yet to go under contract this year. And a good chunk of that is Senior Housing. But beyond that, no significant plans.
Robert Probst: Yeah, Jordan. I'll take that. I wish I could draw this picture in front of you. Because I do think you'll see some -- as we saw our second quarter into third quarter, some erosion in NOI in this portfolio. And as I mentioned, we're expecting that to continue into the fourth, given the labor cost pressures, and just the normal noise associated with the transitions. The strategy which Justin was speaking to though, is once these are in the hands of these, these new operators, they will employ their skill to really drive that performance of that portfolio in 2022 and beyond. So that's the goal. And we're right in the middle of that right now.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning, Mike. I mean, as I mentioned, we have just seen a tremendous volume across the board all year long, more than we've ever seen. And we do expect that to continue.
Debra A. Cafaro: Hi, Rich. I'll start and then turn it to Justin. Our operators have, by in large, been early adopters of vaccine mandates within the communities to keep the residents safe and we're at very high levels now, nearly 100% of both resident and staff. We've been way ahead of the federal requirements for vaccines because we are carrying for vulnerable seniors and also had access early on from the vaccine rollout, both employees and residents. And so that has been both a moral and a business imperative. It's worked really well. Our operators have lead on it and they have made the decision, but with our financial support and encouragement.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you. Yes. I'm going to turn that to Bob and Justin to talk about the transitions, which as Justin said, are well underway.
Debra A. Cafaro: I would just say simply that, that is a part of the labor pressure in the timing of when we would expect conditions to ease. Certainly, the industry is experienced that on-boarding new workers and that's -- it's an industry where there is consistent shifting of on-site workers, and so that is the strength of the industry. But it will take some time for these conditions to abate, again, for a variety of factors, including getting up the speed and training. So that is correct. It's just a multi-factor analysis.
Debra A. Cafaro: I do. As I said, we have a lot of optimism and confidence. It just happens to be a momentous day with the advent of additional COVID treatments and a real line-of-sight to this pandemic possibly being over. Our business is doing really well. It is diversified and benefiting from the internal and external growth. Avenues that we have. We have a great set of partners and a great team here at Ventas. We're very appreciative as always of your interest and your support in our Company. And we look forward to seeing you soon Thank you.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. Hi, Nick. So just stepping back and thinking about the ultimate drivers of margin, you've probably heard us describe a train before. The front of the train really is leads, leads come first, that drives move-ins, net movement activity drives occupancy, pricing certainly supports revenue growth as well. And then there's expense management. And over time, we certainly expect that there will be margin expansion for 2 reasons. 1 is; that the supply demand characteristics that we're facing do support occupancy growth and should present opportunity for pricing power. Clearly in the near-term, there's expense pressure due to labor that we mentioned, but the macro backdrop does seem to be improving. And as I mentioned, our Operators are taking significant actions to address the issue.
Justin Hutchens: Sure, yeah. If you look at page 14 in the business update, you'll see this. And first of all the headline is that our Operators are proposed to our residents an 8% increase in rent in the U.S. and 4% in Canada. If you look to the left, you'll see how this breaks down. And that is at 55% of our residents are eligible for an increases in the first quarter, 35% get an anniversary rent increase, and so those will happen throughout the rest of the year, and then those that moved in the late, in '21, obviously, wouldn't be eligible for an increase yet. So there's a huge opportunity to grow revenue. This is a consistent process, it's tried and true. It's just that we're going to pass along more rent increases this year, and I will just add that our operators are very careful about taking local market considerations into their planning so that they're in line with market and they can successfully execute. And then there's also level of care which is really acuity driven, and that can increase throughout the year as well, both in terms of how much we charge, but also the acuity level of the resident would drive additional charges and that's just standard as part of the revenue package that operators offer.
Justin Hutchens: Okay. Thank you. And I'll start with really just some of the rationale for why we did it and why we think this is going to be helpful to performance. And you'll notice on Page 13 on the right-hand side that we highlight this. We selected operators that have experience. They have experience within these markets and they have experience running regional markets. And one thing I've been very encouraged about is that the CEOs of these companies have been actively engaged in the transitions. We have a co-operative transition with the former manager, so we've actually been able to get on the ground, into the communities, start assessing, getting to know people, and be ready to try to get off to a strong start when the transition begins. And you have the advantage, when you have a mid-sized Company with a regional presence is that you have senior management that is very close to the community.  So we do expect the oversight to be very strong, and then these companies are excited to grow. And there's just an energy to it that's really positive and it's well assessed, and we look forward to positive results. Having said that, we would expect to have some transition noise in the early going that was factored into the fourth quarter. And I'll hand over to Bob.
Justin Hutchens: Hi Juan. I'll start and then I'll -- Bob will jump in as well. And we start with the data analytics. We have made new hires. We've become much deeper and was already a strength in terms of market analytics. We certainly study supply and demand in great detail and have really good familiar with local markets. And which has helped to inform some of the decisions we've made, but also it help to inform growth decisions we make moving forward. Great team. We've also enhanced our operational analysis through hiring people that have experienced in operating companies and have high analytical strategic experience as well. So that's given us insights into the business that are extremely valuable and inform our decisions but also help to inform the decisions that the operators make in their planning as well.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. It's really more around just the availability of staff. The availability to staff fully with your existing people. One thing, there's a series of steps that operators take. The first thing they do is they try to make sure that they're utilizing all the full-time hours available for their existing staff. Most operators don't schedule the 40-hour week, since there's always room to expand a little bit, so they'll do that first. Next step is they'll use over time, obviously of your continuity of your existing staff to deliver care and services, and then the last resort is really to add agency. And one interesting tidbit around this is that there's not really a certain MSA where we are seeing agency use. It's clearly a macro backdrop issue. But within MSAs, there's certain communities that really have an out-sized amount of agency that's being utilized, which points to the opportunity for an operational solution. So we have plenty of evidence that this can be managed, and as I said in prepared remarks, we're already starting to see hiring, picking up across the operators.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. Yes. There's a few moving parts in RevPOR; 1 is mix, which is really just the contribution of RevPOR from certain product types. And we are benefiting this year. I've mentioned this before that we would benefit from the U.S. recovery because we'll see our higher price point product, particularly in Sunrise for instance, that's a driver of RevPOR overall. So we're getting some mix shift benefit. Probably more importantly, though, is we are getting the benefit of better re-leasing spreads. And that's been consistent. We saw the underlying trends in the second quarter, we saw it through the third quarter. And when we get into next year, obviously we have the in-house rent increases that we mentioned, but the pricing power should continue to improve because what starts to happen is you're covering movements that occurred in 2020. They came in at a relatively low rate and as the momentum picks up in the sector, our operators are able to charge more. And so we're looking forward to a period of really improved pricing in RevPAR moving ahead.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it's Justin. So there was actually -- since we've been in this period of recovery, there was one month, I want to say it was April, we did see a little bit more move-out activity, and we did really correlate that to people being able to make a move where they weren't moving during the pandemic, and they had an opportunity to move around in the month of April, but you also know there was that move in activity was picking up and so I think there was -- you're just trading seats with other operators, and so there was a lot of movement then. But since then it's been very stable, very consistent in terms of move-out activity.
