Bob Probst: Thank you, Justin. I'm going to jump straight to our first quarter outlook and finish up with a few summary thoughts on our balance sheet before turning the call to Q&A. Our Q1 guidance is for net income to range from $0.07 to $0.11 per fully diluted share. Q1 normalized FFO is expected to range from $0.76 to $0.80 or $0.78 at the midpoint. . Incorporated in our guidance is $0.08 of HHS grants received in Q1 '22. When excluding HHS grants in both periods and adjusting our Q4 for the onetime $0.03 Kindred M&A fee received in the quarter, we are describing a Q4 of $0.68 to a Q1 of $0.70. That growth can be simply described by $0.02 sequential growth from our senior housing portfolio. In terms of Q1 '22 property expectations, net of HHS grants, we expect Q1 year-over-year same-store cash NOI for the total same-store portfolio to grow in the range of 2.5% to 5.5%. At a segment level, our SHOP guidance is to increase occupancy, 410 basis points year-over-year to grow revenue by 10% led by occupancy gains and strong in-place rate increases and to grow NOI in the range of 6% to 15% ex HHS grants. At the guidance midpoint, Ventas expects operating costs to remain elevated through the first quarter even as COVID-19 clinical conditions moderate. We expect our triple-net portfolio to be down 1.5% to flat in the first quarter, with escalator led growth, offset by modest rent reductions in the triple-net senior housing portfolio from the impact of the pandemic on some of our smaller tenants. Over time, we anticipate the benefits of the senior housing recovery will accrue to these operators as well as to Ventas. We expect one-third of our portfolio that is the office business to grow Q1 same-store NOI by an attractive 4% to 5%. Pete Bulgarelli has led a series of differentiated operational initiatives in MOBs in the last few years which are really bearing fruit. The results of these efforts were evident in the excellent fourth quarter performance for the MOB portfolio, which grew same-store fourth quarter NOI by 3.4%. The second quarter in a row where same-store growth exceeded 3%. Meanwhile, MOB new leasing was up approximately 55% and customer retention was 92% for the quarter. That strength is expected to carry into the first quarter. Final Q1 guidance assumptions of note include no new HHS grants beyond the $33 million already received, no new unannounced material acquisitions or capital markets activities and 403 million fully diluted shares. We have provided additional insights and disclosure in our business update deck and our supplemental including our Q1 versus Q4 sequential shop assumptions as well as a reported segment NOI to FFO trending schedule to allow for easier insight into unique items in our results. Some final comments on balance sheet leverage and liquidity. In 2021, the company enhanced its portfolio and strengthened its balance sheet through $1.2 billion in asset dispositions and loan repayments used to reduce near-term debt. Meanwhile, we extended duration and increased our fixed rate debt to 91% by tapping into the bond markets in the U.S. and Canada, including a 10-year U.S. unsecured offering at 2.5%, the best 10-year health care REIT rate in 2021. Net debt to EBITDA was stable at 7.2 times in the fourth quarter, with the senior housing recovery now underway, expected to improve that ratio over time. And that's a good segue to close with our enthusiasm as we look into 2022 based on the strong senior housing recovery that is now underway and the confidence that we have the portfolio, partners and team to create value for all our stakeholders. And that concludes our prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Bob Probst: Hey, Nick, it's Bob. I direct you to Page 16 of our investor deck. I think there's a nice description of the pie chart of of revenue and its decomposition. And you can see within that in-house labor is 42%, contract labor is 4%. You can apply that to the entire portfolio or subsets of the portfolio. It will give you the same relative composition and you'll see the picture down below of what that means for the year-over-year pool. Though contract labor is important, and it has accelerated and indeed in January, accelerate even further, the underlying costs really are driven by the in-house labor. And that is really the key. And hence, that's why we're so focused on bringing that in-house. Should we do that successfully, that's clearly upside given the cost per hour. But ultimately, it's a much smaller piece of the overall cost than in-house labor, but clearly an opportunity there. And you can apply that percentage to wherever you like to get to the answer.
Bob Probst: I'll add. I don't know if you mentioned this, the re-leasing spreads have been improving. Market price is firming. It's obviously fundamental Yes. So the combination of the in-place increases and improving re-leasing spread, the care component, which can be priced throughout the year and the anniversary pricing. In a dynamic inflationary environment, there's a number of different levers at our disposal.
Bob Probst: Sure. Again, I'll direct you to Page 16 of the business deck. I think it's nice to be able to see how labor breaks down. And for this pool, there's $16 million of contract labor in the fourth quarter. I'll call it, just $5 million-ish on a run rate basis. We saw that accelerate to call it $6 million in December and into January. And that's what we've effectively carried forward in our assumptions. Each pool is different, but that kind of gives you a flavor of it. Clearly, if the clinical situation improves, the staffing continues to get traction, that would be an opportunity. But that's how we dimensional that cost.
Bob Probst: The real question I think that you have to answer for that is what's happening to the $189 million of in-house labor. Again, I think the focus is very much and rightly so been on contract labor, but the key in terms of total cost is in-house labor. And that gets to the macro question of where the labor market and therefore, inflation go, which I'm not going to pretend I know the answer to. I think the economists will tell you many of them that, that will -- that macro situation will improve in the back half. We subscribe to that, but very tough to call. And so we're not going to make a long-term focus.
Bob Probst: Sure. So I'll start with G&A. We did give a $37 million number for the first quarter. with stock comp amortization, which is our FFO treatment on that. So $37 million. And if you look at just 2021 G&A Obviously, that was a very good year in terms of year-over-year in cost management. We hope this year, we get back to normal business as usual, to some degree, which will obviously have an impact in terms of just T&E and things like that going up. . But first quarter, very much in line with risk quarter year-over-year, frankly. In terms of FAD CapEx, really, there's things -- a few things I'd highlight. Obviously, with the acquisitions we've done, particularly in new senior in a higher shop portfolio base. There's more FAD CapEx dollars. And secondly, and Justin should touch on this, more opportunities for us, I think, to really focus using our OI as now branded to identify opportunities to invest in the portfolio. And so we'll see some acceleration there.
J. Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. So if we step back and you look at the kind of macro backdrop that was causing labor shortages, this was happening in the third quarter. We anticipated that, that would continue into the fourth quarter. What happened -- during that period is we had net hiring in our portfolio so that we are encouraged about the hiring trends. And then Omicron happens, and that really had a big impact in the first part of the first quarter. You can see some trends in our business update, where we show the clinical cases among our employees. . And what's encouraging is you can see that those cases are coming down. But we're not all the way out of the woods yet. So the first thing we're going to look for is to have a healthy workforce, the second thing is to continue those net hiring trends. And then as that continues, then we would expect the agency cost to be able to come down.
J. Justin Hutchens: Sure. So you've probably noted that leads are really high. In fact, I mentioned that they're the highest event since the onsite of the pandemic. Leads are going to be critical to supporting this -- the senior housing recovery that's underway. Getting to the kind of your question, it certainly seems possible that the move-ins that didn't move in late January, could flow over into February, and we would definitely qualify that as pent-up demand. As you know, a lot of the move-in activity happens towards the end of the month. So we're looking forward to see how that plays out.
J. Justin Hutchens: Yes. The only thing I'd add is that we -- as planned, we successfully transitioned all of those communities by the first of the year to different operators and everything is going relatively smooth.
J. Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. So there's -- as Debbie said, that operators that have had elongated challenges. there's just a few and they each represent less than 1% of our overall portfolio. Those those operators will benefit from HHS funds, they'll benefit from operational improvements and the recovery of senior housing just as our SHOP portfolio does as well. So we're anticipating that the triple net would behave similarly through our shop portfolio. We do have some cash flow paying tenants, and that's in a range of around 15% to 20%.
J. Justin Hutchens: And then I would just add that as we're working to identify what the appropriate pricing is moving forward. As I mentioned, Ventas OI, which really stands for operational insights, and really taking the best of our data analytics, combining it with our operating experience and the experience and expertise of our operating partners. We collect vast amounts of geospatial data and demographics wealth penetration rates, new construction to train our demand and supply forecasting models, which have been remarkably accurate as it pertains to decision-making on pricing, acquisitions, dispositions. So we have that approach our disposal and the levers that Debbie mentioned around care, street rates and the anniversary rent increases that will happen throughout the rest of the year.
J. Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. I'm happy to report, as I mentioning all the actions we've taken that -- the heavy lifting is really behind us. There'll always be some noncore assets that we're looking to sell or transition or invest in or do something to create value, but it will be a small number moving forward.
J. Justin Hutchens: Yes. Well, so the -- there's been a lot of actions over the last couple of years. Certainly, some priorities were accelerated based on the fact that we were going through the pandemic. And the goal of all of the actions, whether we're acquiring or disposing or making a decision to invest CapEx, transitioning assets under new management is to create value and create just a greater opportunity to drive NOI over time. So I think really, time is going to tell. We're off to a good start. We're pleased with that we set expectations in the fourth quarter, and we're able to meet those expectations, and we are excited about the growth in the first quarter off to a good start.
J. Justin Hutchens: Yes. And I'd just say consistent with some of my other comments, the goal is to create value. CapEx is a tool at disposal and with the use of our analytics and operational expertise and combined with the operating partners, local market experience, we can make smart choices and anticipate returns on that investment.
J. Justin Hutchens: Sure. Yes. So the re-leasing spread, Bob mentioned this, that we saw it tighten through the end of '21, even all the way back to pre-pandemic levels, which were like negative mid-single digits. That -- the high-class problem is that we have the large increases that happen in January, and then you start comparing to relatively higher rents. And so technically, the releasing spread widens, but it doesn't mean that your pricing power doesn't continue to improve. And one thing that we do look forward to that this backdrop seems to support is the opportunity given the demand at the doorstep, to eventually get to a place where you have positive re-leasing spreads again, which we've had in other parts -- other -- throughout the sector's history, we've seen that at times. And certainly, there seems to be support moving forward for that to happen again.
J. Justin Hutchens: Well, certainly, independent living is a high-margin business, has relatively low labor costs compared to assisted living. It it's a little less need driven. So you may not see the occupancy pop, but we expect a higher ceiling in occupancy and independent living over time because there's less fly that faces it. And that's consistent with historical track record of independent living as well. So we look forward to revenue growth in the independent living communities and certainly assisted living is need-driven. It performs well. It seems like no matter what the backdrop is as long as there's a way to pay for the service, which given the housing values and wealth demographics there is. And so we expect that to continue as well. And the opportunity really is to price in labor costs over time. And we're -- as we've said, we're off to a good start given our high in-house brand increases.
Debra Cafaro: Rich, good to hear your voice. Look, I think our competitive advantage has really always been our ability to do all different types of deals across our asset classes and to do so in a way that's created value and that includes sort of getting into MOBs early and building a great business. It includes, of course, allocating capital to senior housing and most recently, our significant investment in value-added life sciences. I mean, that has just been really really incredibly positive for our shareholders. So we have sold MOBs as we talked about this quarter, I think recycling that capital has enabled us to upgrade our portfolio in a very positive way. And we'll continue to look for opportunities to do that while at the same time, our investment activities will continue our long pattern of really picking our spots where we have a competitive advantage and think we're going to add value from good risk-adjusted return.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks for your question. I think we have a page on this also in the business update. We have really been action-oriented, as Justin talked about and have addressed the lion's share of our senior housing portfolio, which is really 50% Brookdale, and you've seen the EBITDA guide they have there. . Because of the length of the pandemic, there are a couple of small operators that are still challenged by the length of the pandemic. And really, the outcome there is pretty dependent upon HHS support, but more importantly, the recovery in the senior housing business, which we expect to be robust, and we expect to get the benefit of that over time.
Debra Cafaro: Good. I'm going to ask John Cobb to address the senior housing question, and I would expect most of our senior housing to be on balance sheet. .
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I'm glad you raised that because obviously, as we talk about revenue growth and the in-place January 1 rate increases are extremely important I think it's important to note that, that applies to a part of our portfolio, and we'll continue to have pricing opportunities as we deal with the anniversary renewals and rate increases as we deal with new residents coming into the portfolio as occupancy is increasing and also the care component, which can increase throughout the year. So those are all opportunities that we have in front of us. And obviously, it was a good start with the 8% increase in January.
Debra Cafaro: And the demand that we're seeing from the leads obviously demonstrates the value proposition and the strong consumer demand for these services. And so that is tailwind as well that should support these efforts.
Debra Cafaro: I mean one thing that's really important to remember in the MOB business is that the assets are priced and have a low cap rate because of the reliability of the cash flows, as we've seen over the past two years, the benefit of that and the reliable growth. They also have higher margin, a much lower labor component. And so you have to look at both sides of the equation, I think, when you're thinking about the risk/reward of an asset class. And so Pete can answer, we ask him every 15 minutes if they can get higher escalators. And so we'll let him answer that.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And remember, you're pushing through the expense increases to the tenants as well. So you really have to look at the revenue and the expense side to really evaluate the benefits of the MOB.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I'll take the loan. That's a loan that can be extended. And so we -- that's our expectation at the current time. And then in terms of occupancy, I think we're projecting significant year-over-year occupancy in the first quarter, which has been outperforming yet following seasonal patterns. And so that is something to think about when you're looking at the slope for the year.
Debra Cafaro: That's a great observation. And I think it really does go to a value proposition that being offered by the communities for the theaters and their families that at this level of occupancy, we have been able to successfully drive pricing in the first as of the beginning of the year, and that portends well kind of for the future as occupancy increases. So Justin, do you want to talk about the normal re-leasing spreads and how...
Debra Cafaro: One other thing we like about independent living is really -- it meets -- this is -- we're getting to the period now we're over 8% growing over 3%. So we're really hitting kind of that demographic boom. And the independent living tenant customer had a little bit earlier age. So that's another part of the business in addition kind of the lower labor hits that we like. Great. Okay. we have one more question. Okay.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Thank you. Yes. So the fund is a great tool. Obviously, our VIM business is going strong, and it gives us a great tool to continue to grow. It was very -- the fund itself was very thoughtfully conceived in order to be a net additive component of our growth strategy so that it really is designed to address -- we're very disciplined about capital cost and capital allocation. And so it's really designed to address many of the opportunities that were really not as attractive to us on balance sheet because of the relationship between our cost of capital and the pricing of that type of assets. A great example is our South San Francisco life science building, our John Hopkins life science building, which were put in the fund with great success. And those are things that we may not have been able to acquire had we been doing it on balance sheet, but now we have 20% interest in it. We have asset management fees. We have ultimately, other types of economic incentives if the performance is good, which it has been. So a very thoughtful kind of defined strategy to use them to grow our business for the benefit both of our public shareholders and the third-party institutional capital. .
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's been a great call, and I'm very glad to end the year on a very good quarter and look forward to another positive one in the first. I really want to thank everyone for joining our call today. I can't tell you how much we appreciate your ongoing support and interest in the company, and we look forward to seeing you in person soon. Thank you.
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes, to figure out how to turn on my mic. It's just so rare [Indiscernible] Yes. So let's first talk about MOBs. We had a terrific really second half in 2021. As Bob had already mentioned, we did a significant amount of new leasing. Really, for all of office, we did 3.7 million square feet of total leasing. The new leasing was substantially higher than 2020 and for MOBs and even higher than 2019. Our retention, as Bob mentioned, was 86% for the full year. For the quarter, it was 92% and most exciting for December was 95%. What I would say is that it just wasn't a lot of leasing in MOBs. It was really high-quality leasing. Just to give you an example or 2, our weighted average lease term for new leases were 9 years. And what that did in the -- that's for the quarter, and what that did is extended the whole portfolio's Walt from 4.8 years to 5 years. Same thing on escalators. Our escalators for new leasing were 2.9% for the quarter. And that increased the whole portfolios escalators by 30 basis points. So very substantial. And what that allowed us to do is to grow for the first time in a long time, 2 quarters in a row at per quarter. So if you project forward on MOBs in the first quarter of '22, we'd expect that trend to continue, really on the basis of having higher occupancy late in the year and that carrying over. And I can tell you, in January, we're on track in MOBs to achieve what we said we're going to do. So moving to R&I, and I'll go back to the fourth quarter I think you need a little context. In R&I, we had a very good year. We grew by 13.9% for the full year. And without the termination fee, we still grew by almost 4%. And if you look at the supplemental, revenue was fine. We had good revenue for R&I in the fourth quarter. but we had some higher expenses than normal in the fourth quarter, mainly around as buildings start up, you go from rogue dirt to a building to an occupied building Real estate taxes take a while to kind of catch up. And that's one of the factors in the fourth quarter. We had a very large tax payment in the fourth quarter. Secondarily, many of the buildings kind of came back to life became occupied again in the fourth quarter. As a result, utilities went up significantly in addition to in Baltimore and in Philadelphia, 2 of our larger locations, there were large utility rate increases. So now -- so we're very happy with the R&I performance in '21. So if you project forward to '22, they will cover the balance of what I already described for MOBs, it will be largely on rate -- sorry, on occupancy growth carrying into the first quarter and strong expense control. So I'm very bullish about the office business really in 2022. Sorry for the long answer, I got carried away.
Peter Bulgarelli: Daniel, I think it's a great question. This is Pete. And given that our portfolio is largely on-campus, there aren't a lot of options just sitting there waiting to compete with you. Usually, it requires new construction to compete. And certainly, with inflation and the environment we have today, the cost of building a new MOB and the required leasing rates have gone up. And so our leasing team are is all -- it's very location in city-specific as far as what's happening to the demand of medical office space as well as construction costs. But in many cases, we're competing against brand-new medical office buildings, which does give us room to raise our escalators and honestly, our initial rental rates.
Peter Bulgarelli: Yes. We only have a couple of percent of our leases that are gross leases. Rest are some fashion of pass-throughs of expenses. .
