Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean I always think -- and then I'm the biased advocate, I'll be the first to admit that, that we should be rated about 2 notches above where we always are rated. So you have to take my response with a little bit of a grain of salt. But I think Ventas really should be and is frankly sort of like a BBB+ quality, credit quality company. And I think the bondholders acknowledge that in the way that we tend to price our paper very -- with great spreads. And so the bondholders I think really appreciate what a reliable credit we are and have been and how we've managed the company for the benefit of all of our constituents over time, and they know that. And so I would look really towards getting to that BBB+ rated level whether we can persuade those with the pen of that. I'll let you to decide, but we're bullish on our credit anyway.
Debra Cafaro: I think we have always averaged into our investments over time. And I think that we -- let's take seniors housing as an example. I mean I've seen on my soapbox a I little bit about this. But here you have high-quality infill locations and assets that have shown tremendous resilience. They're need-based, they're demographically driven, major metro location. And the Atria ones, for example, we're buying at let's call it a 6.5% cap on the stabilized assets. And to me those should trade at something like multi-family cap rates. And so I think that those assets, I mean, are well-priced and that's why we're buying them. And I think the market has come to appreciate the resiliency of the cash flows and the potential for growth in those cash flows. So it really varies by sector. And I think as Brian mentioned, as you look forward at skilled nursing, we don't really know what the pricing will be in this kind of period of uncertainty but those may be attractive pricing as well. And the other asset types I would say generally are in kind of the fair range, let's call it. So that's how we see it.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean, look, we have lived the sort of nursing home CMS story consistently over the last -- since I got here in 1999. And the truth of the matter is as the guys who cover healthcare as opposed to real estate know, there are constant kind of ebbs and flows in Medicare reimbursement. And I think we've been in a flow. And now I think on skilled nursing as distinct from hospitals, which -- our L-tax [ph] just got on an increase in Medicare reimbursement. I think we're in a period of a little bit of ebb, and we have been talking about that where we think there will be some cost pressures on the operators that will reduce the rate of growth in reimbursements or even some reduction. And this is something that we've been through over time and they tend to go in fairly predictable cycles. And so we think it's likely to be sort of a multi-year period where there is margin compression at the operators. We don't think it's going to be drastic in any way. But there will be these cost containment measures that come from both the budget issues in Washington as well as just the idea that CMS maybe got a little ahead of itself with RUG-IV. And that's part of the ordinary ebb and flow of the business. And that's why again it's important to be the landlord with operators who have the ability to manage through these changes, which occur every single year and have the kind of coverage that we have. So I don't -- operator, I don't think we have anymore questions. And so I want to thank everyone for participating in this quarter's call. We very much appreciate your attention and your support, and we look forward to seeing everyone in June in New York. So thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Well, Michael, as you know we are super excited about the transaction, and we really think it gives us more ways to grow in the future. And we are maniacal underwriters as Doug eloquently explained at your conference. We said when we announced the deal, there were about 250 closed and another 250 or so in the hopper on acquisitions. And we give NHP a ton of credit for continuing to really drive their business. Again, working very closely with them since the date of the announcement, and even before, so that we capture and realize on the potential of the acquisition. So we hope to continue doing that, and we're just all about executing right now.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well, there's a couple, maybe three questions in there and I'll take them seriatim. One is that we do love the fundamentals in seniors housing, especially the Atria assets, which are in these terrific locations like New York and the West Coast. And when we gave our guidance range of $186 million to $196 million, I think we were building in a significant amount of growth in the year-over-year asset performance, which we are seeing actual performance in line with that. So the senior housing market is really performing kind of as we expected, and we did give high growth rates year-over-year for Atria as you remember. And that's really already baked into $186 million to $196 million. And so we feel very comfortable with the range that we've provided. And so the good news is I think the portfolio is performing well and in line with I would say pretty robust expectations of year-over-year growth, so we feel good about that. In terms of our new partner, Lazard, what I think is really outstanding about the deal structure that we struck with Lazard is that it has evidenced Lazard's partnership with us and their confidence in their own assets, in Ventas and in our prospects. And so -- and it's also very balance sheet-friendly and takes a lot of risks off the table for Ventas shareholders in terms of deal structuring. So we -- Matt [Matthew Lustig] has been and Lazard has been a good corporate shareholder in circumstances where they have taken REIT takes in the past. I mean that's been a handful of situations. And I'm confident that they will do the same here with Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. We have always believed that the way to create value, again, is to grow earnings and to diversify our portfolio and have good balance in the portfolio. And so as we close everything that we have pending, we're going to have a little bit over 25% in senior housing operating and a very good balance throughout the rest of the portfolio, with 70% coming from private pay sources. I think the beauty of the model that we're developing with these acquisitions is that we will be able to respond to market opportunities and really expand or contract these pieces of the pie as we see market opportunities developing. We certainly can do more seniors housing operating. We have set up our deal with Atria to really grow with them. We could do more with Sunrise potentially in that higher gross operating model. And really we have -- we've got our MOB platform now that we can grow. And then frankly, our -- so any way we want to go with the portfolio now, I think we have every opportunity to do so, including, by the way, attacking very large opportunities that will not overweight the portfolio in terms of concentration if those kind of large opportunities present themselves. So we really are excited again about the kind of company that we're going to be, the cost of capital and our ability to really seize the opportunities in the market, which will kind of ebb and flow over time.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I mean Ventas historically has both one of the highest dividend growth rates, if not the highest in our sector, coupled with a very low payout ratio. And so the combination of our ability to grow earnings and having a low payout ratio means that we should continue to have upward momentum in our dividend. And just to put it in historical context, Ventas has grown our dividend about 8% annually from '04 to '07 and again still has the lowest payout ratio in the sector. So that is a, I think, underappreciated investment attribute of Ventas securities and, of course, NHP also has a low payout ratio. So we're combining sort of the best balance sheet, the best dividend coverage, and I think we can use both of those attributes to great effects as we go forward.
Debra Cafaro: Happy to talk about that. Just for those of you who haven't heard, CMS has proposed of an A and a B reimbursement scheme for fiscal year '12 for the nursing homes, one of which is up over 1% and one of it -- one of which contains the potential reduction of about 11%. Couple important things to note. I mean we have very deliberately been positioning our portfolio to increase our private pay as we are in what we believe is a generally cyclical high in Medicare reimbursements for skilled nursing assets. And I think that's an important aspect of our strategy. Most of our sniffs are with Kindred who, as Ray mentioned, corporately has a very strong balance sheet and the corporate coverage of pro forma after the RehabCare acquisition is about 2x EBITDAR to rent at the corporate level. And so if there was any change in reimbursement for the skilled nursing portfolio, let's say in the 0% to 10% reduction range, we would still have fantastic corporate coverage of our Kindred leases and a 5% cut, frankly, just at nursing home level, changes coverage on the Kindred overall leases by, call it, 15 basis points, something like that. So we're in a great position. These are seasoned leases that Kindred's been growing EBITDAR in over a long period of time, really, since 2001. And so that's the beauty of really being in this protected position with a great tenant.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, just a big whack off the top that falls to the bottom line, which, again, we're in a luxurious position of taking a wait-and-see approach towards the rule because we are in such a protected position with Kindred's success.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well, again, Jerry, when we announced and underwrote the deal, we did assume that NHP did maybe $0.5 billion or so of acquisitions this year. They're ahead of that. We are assuming they're 100% debt-financed because again given the flexibility in both of our balance sheets, that's perfectly -- we still would have tremendous credit statistics. And our long-term cost to debt between the 2 companies for 10 years right now is probably about 5%, if that helps.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think -- we think that Sunrise and Atria are fantastic high-quality operators, and we would be pleased to grow frankly with both of them on the senior housing operating side. And one of the benefits of the NHP acquisition is that it really creates capacity for us to continue to do so. And so I could see -- Mark [Mark Ordan] has -- Mark and Sunrise have been so successful at raising money and really turning the company around that they may not need us. They may do everything on balance sheet, but we would hope that if appropriate opportunities presented themselves, that we could potentially do some more business with Sunrise as well as Atria.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean we've essentially pre-funded Atria other than a small amount of secured debt that we'll be paying off at the closing, which is maybe a couple hundred million dollars, and that really we would expect to put on our revolver in the near-term and ultimately again given -- depending on what the bond market looks like, we would consider taking out longer-term with the fixed rate paper. So we've done most of that work already with the $300 million that we paid down in early March, and there's a little bit more that we would expect to pay off at the closing.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, definite -- Yes, I'm sorry, we've announced -- there was originally about $1.3 billion of secured debt and we'll be paying down. We'll be assuming most of it and paying down a little bit of it.
Debra Cafaro: I can do that. We were -- we had a first mortgage position in the Medicare debt of about $112 million. We were repaid on that in April. We will receive a gain on that in the second quarter, but all of that gain is essentially just moving what was already in our full year projections into the second quarter. So it was already in our projections sort of over the balance of the year, it will all be lumped into one quarter instead of the balance of the year. So that's just a timing difference.
Debra Cafaro: Well, for those of you who don't know about Walter [Walter Breuning], we had the honor of having the world's oldest man and a very fine gentleman living in one of our communities in Montana. And he recently passed away after an incredible life. And so that was why they reported in the press, and we miss him. So...
Debra Cafaro: Well, because we're going to up -- as we said when we announced the deal, we're going to update you on NHP guidance, and full company guidance, obviously, after we close Atria and as we get closer to the NHP closing, so we know more about timing and other puts and takes in the transaction. But we did announce what we think is 2-ish percent annualized accretion. And as we refine all of the projections, we will come out to you with the full company guidance on a total $23 billion enterprise kind of basis.
Debra Cafaro: Well, what I can tell you is that we are -- it is interesting reading, we did very thorough diligence and NHP conducted a very robust process. And we're looking forward to closing the merger as soon as we can on the terms that we've announced.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, and in fact, as we talked about before, Rich, if you really look through the portfolio, it's probably more than that. And I'll explain why. We calculated very simply, which is to say we take out the LPAC [ph] and we take out the skilled nursing NOI. Now as you know and I know, there is a significant portion of both LPAC and the post-acute underlying of EBITDAR that is also from kind of managed care and private pay sources. And if we included that as private pay, the 70% would actually go higher. But it's basically our whole portfolio minus sniffs in LPAC, which I think is a rough but fair way to present the private pay.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think -- a couple of reasons. There are times in the external environment and in a company's life where you are in the right quadrant to grow. I am a big believer in sort of looking forward to the external environment and as you know sort of hitting the balls that are thrown to you. And right now, I think there is a great confluence of factors that get Ventas in the right quadrant and give us a lot of opportunities to grow. And they start really with the fact that this is a very large fragmented market that's undergoing a lot of change. And it's a very dynamic market, a lot of consolidation. The -- and that generally creates opportunities. There is attractive access to get capital. As I mentioned, you know, if you can do a 10-year bond deal at 5%, that's historically very attractive capital. And it's our job to take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves to us and then change as and when market conditions change. And right now, we're in the quadrant where there are opportunities that will create value for share holders as we build the enterprise. And while that environment exists, it's our obligation, I would argue, to work as hard as we can for shareholders in that environment to get the best opportunities to build long-term value. And that's what we're doing, and that's why we're working so hard right now to move forward. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: That's an astute question I would say. We do believe that skilled nursing assets are good assets and particularly the kind of assets that Kindred and some other quality operators operate in the post-acute stage. So we've continued to say that sniffs are low-cost providers and with good operators and the right structure, the right pricing the right capital structure position, yet we're happy to be an owner. And I think that what we -- and this is partly based on our history as you say that goes back to the balanced budget act when we started with Kindred and we were 100% government-reimbursed asset, is that we tend to rightly or wrongly shy away from investing when we believe, again, rightly or wrongly, that you're at a cyclical high in reimbursement rates. And so as this new repricing and sort of resetting the bar comes about for good quality skilled nursing assets, we certainly would consider investing in them at the right price, right structure, right operator, et cetera, without losing our focus on continuing to have a diversified balanced portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean, look, here's -- I just want -- here's the key takeaway. The combination of Ventas, Atria and NHP is an incredible credit-positive for Ventas. It does -- and both Atria and NHP are being done in the most balance sheet-friendly fashion. And so we're more diversified. We have a terrific balance sheet, and we really don't have any sort of near-term funding risks. I think to your specific point, we would expect to do kind of debt-for-debt replacement on the NHP front, and they are very, very low leverage. They have virtually no secured debt whatsoever. So putting these 3 pieces together work beautifully. And on a pro forma basis with all 3 of them, the credit stats, which we've kind of published, are still the kind of credit stats that should get us an upgrade, which is again why I think the rating agencies have all indicated positive momentum toward improved ratings. And we'll be happy to talk you about the specifics off-line.
Raymond Lewis: So Michael, I'll take the first part of that question. I think with respect to moving transactions through the pipeline, NHP is continuing to run their business. You'll recall when we announced the transaction that one of the primary benefits we described was the value of the regional originations platform in the pipeline if they're able to generate. And we've been laser-focused on making sure that we don't lose any traction on that and that we -- when we close the transaction, we are running at a full gallop with the originations platform. So John Cobb, our Chief Investment Officer, has been working hand-in-glove with the originations team to make share that we are tracking the transactions that they're running, that we are on board with the way that they are underwriting and evaluating them and that they're moving quickly through the pipe and that there aren't any bottlenecks. So we have been extremely focused on that aspect of the transaction.
Raymond Lewis: Right, Jeff. So as I said in my comments, Pacific Medical Buildings covers 11 western states, states that Lillibridge hasn't really established much, if any, of a footprint in so far. Now those are certainly states that we wanted to do business in. We're in the process of figuring out how to enter those markets. But with the acquisition of NHP, we get a pretty much ready-made presence and with the strongest brand in that market with their joint venture with Pacific Medical Buildings and the built-in pipeline that goes along with it. And Lillibridge has an excellent coverage of the Central U.S. and Eastern U.S. And so that creates sort of a nationwide capability within our combined companies to service -- full service any of the healthcare hospital systems across the country. So I mean, that's really the basic strategic thesis, and I think it's a very complimentary business model.
Raymond Lewis: I think the NOI performance is right in line with what our expectations were as Debbie said. I think we're looking at NOI increases year-over-year in the first quarter on the order of 10% or so. So again, in that high single-digits range, occupancy is up, rates are up. The redevelopment communities are performing well, I would say on track, and several of them performing well ahead of what we had forecasted. So as Debbie alluded to the NOI builds through the year, and so I think we're still very well within the range that we had projected even with the slight delay in the closing.
Raymond Lewis: And it's important to note that what Debbie is talking about there assumes no mitigation on the part of the operator. So those are just sort of the gross numbers.
Raymond Lewis: No. Jerry, we did the same analysis on that side that we did on our own portfolio. Again, taking a big whack at the Medicare revenues across the board, if you were to hit them 10% or so, your DARM coverages -- EBITDARM coverages would be down about 15 basis points from the 2x roughly where they are right now, 2.25x where they are right now.
Raymond Lewis: And, Jerry, I just want to go back to that last question because I did misspeak. It would be 15 basis points on a 5% cut, 30 basis points on a 10% cut. So I just want to clarify that.
Raymond Lewis: We said all along, Jerry, I think that we're interested in continuing to grow and diversify our portfolio into new spaces and adjacent spaces where they make sense. The life sciences area is a great area. We're not invested in that right now. If we found the right platform opportunity or partnership opportunity with an experienced player in that space, it's definitely something we would pursue and be interested in. We think we've got a lot of runway in the areas that we're playing in right now. Certainly, the seniors housing space is growing and is still highly fragmented. Same with the medical office building space. So with our regional originations capabilities that are coming along with NHP and our large transactions capabilities, we've got plenty of growth opportunity in what we're doing right now. But if we can find the right opportunity in another space with the right partner or the right platform, we would absolutely look at it.
Raymond Lewis: Well, with respect to the margin question, it's really -- we acquired 5 additional properties at the end of 2010. So this is the first quarter they're reflected which have gross leases which are lower margin properties, so that's really the bulk of the impact on the margin. And then with respect to the pre-stabilized assets, I'll let my colleague, Todd Lillibridge, talk a little bit about what we're seeing on the leasing front.
Raymond Lewis: And that will include the count for about 11% of that, Rich, just to sort of put a finer point on it.
Raymond Lewis: It's a mixture of both, Rob. So about 75% of the portfolio is on a annual basis in January and the balance is on the anniversary of the lease term.
Raymond Lewis: Well, yes, I think due to a couple of things, one as the anniversary is renewed and then also to the extent that we have some markets where the properties are pretty full. We can start to hopefully push some street rates.
Raymond Lewis: Dan, I think that margins would have been I think relatively flat with the exclusion of the management fees.
Raymond Lewis: No, Dan. We've been down in Houston meeting with Hearthstone, getting the lay of the land, understanding what the challenges and opportunities are in that portfolio. We want to be thoughtful about how we approach the situation and make sure that before we make any decisions about what we want to do with the portfolio, have a clear understanding of not only the challenges across the business level but at the asset level. And so we're doing a lot of work on that front right now. And I think any other thoughts or commentary would be premature. But we're assessing the situation. And it's a stable situation and now the question is how do we drive value through the portfolio.
