Rick Schweinhart: Thank you Ray, the highlights of the first quarter are that operating income was up from last years first quarter and increased also compared to the fourth quarter. First quarter normalized FFO was $0.67 per diluted share. Additionally we continue to focus on the gaining strong balance sheet double liquidity and increasing cash flow from operations.  At March 31, our cash balance was $133 million and we have only $38 million outstanding on a revolving credit facility. Currently we have $992 million of undrawn availability and cash on hand is approximately $126 million. Our credit status remained excellent with net debt to pro-forma EBITDA to 4.1 tons and our fixed charge coverage ratio at 3.2 times.  Our March 31, 2010 debt to enterprise value is 27%, our cash flow from operations for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, increased to 116 million from a 114 million with a comparable quarter last year and 99 million in the fourth quarter. Details of the first quarter earnings are normalized FFO was $105.2 million or $0.67 per diluted share. Normalize FFO experienced $2.2 million consisting of merger related expenses, deal cost and income tax benefit. First quarter normalized FFO increased from last years first quarter due to NOI increases in all three of our portfolios, triple net sunrise managed and medical office building and rollover interest expense. Triple net lease revenues grew to $117.0 million from $114.1 million primarily due to contractual escalations. Under NOI increased 11%, to $33.8 million this quarter from $30.5 million last year. Also year-over-year our medical office building NOI grew to $8 million from $5.4 million primarily due to acquisitions. Interest expense decrease to $44.3 million from $45.9 million in the first quarter last primarily as a result of lower debt balances in the forward. G&A and stock based compensation was fairly flat of last year. Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter at 157 million increased 10% over first quarter of last year due to our second quarter of 2009 equity issuance and remained fairly flat versus $156.7 million in the fourth. First quarter had for diluted share increased to $0.65 compared to 40.64 in the first quarter last year and $0.62 in the fourth quarter. We are reaffirming our 2010 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance at $2.69 to $2.75. We continue to see year-over-year growth in our earnings per share even though we have 3% more shares outstanding for the year.  This positive trend as indicative of the growing and reliable cash flows, where our diversified high quality and productive portfolio of healthcare and senior housing continues to provide. Our key assumptions for our 2010 normalized FFO for share guidance haven’t changed. They are total sunrise NOI for our 79 assets ranges from $128 million to $138 million, G&A expenses ranges between $39 million and $41 million and we invest our cash on hand by mid year. But our guidance does not include other material acquisitions or divestiture activity. Deal costs, capital transaction or litigation expenses are proceeds. Operator, if you will please open the call for question.
Rick Schweinhart: Sure, as I said in my opening remarks, the improving economic conditions are definitely going to leave the increase in transaction activity, we are seeing a pipeline building in both large and individual property transaction across all sectors, we are still very interested and continue to grow and diversify our company, we find good large transactions that are strategic fit for us, we are going to pursue them aggressively.
Rick Schweinhart: Yes, I think pricing is going to be competitive for transactions, I think we positioned the company well to compete in that situation, we have low cost to capital, access to multiple capital markets and undrawn revolver, a strong balance sheet with plenty of leverage capacity. So I do expect that the market is going to be competitive, but I think we are very well positioned to succeed.
Rick Schweinhart: So Craig I think that’s an important point. The pipeline is active, it’s full, I think transactions are still taking a little bit longer, there’s a little bit of a price discovery exercise going on right now between buyers and sellers. There’s also the effect of improving markets tend to cause sellers to delay their decisions. If you wait a little bit longer, you might get a little bit better deal and so I think what we are seeing is the beginning of the activity, but I don’t really expect it to turn into transactions happening until perhaps later in the year, but we are definitely seeing a lot of inbound inquiries, we are working on stuff, we are going to preliminary pricing exercises and things that will I think lead to good transaction volume down the road.
Rick Schweinhart: I think what we’ve said as we’ve provided our guidance is that occupancy will be up slightly from where it ended last year. So I think again I think it will be up slightly, it’s not going to be a big driver this year.
Rick Schweinhart: MOBs are focus of ours given the opening remarks. We like that sector a lot; we have an investment thesis there that is based on strong growth and demand for that real estate going forward. We really like seniors housing as well. We think the fundamentals in the market are excellent from a supply and demand perspective and we think that in a recovering economy, those assets are poised to do very well. We think there’s going to be some good opportunities in skilled nursing as a number of the private equity firms who have made investments in that space over the last three to five years, look to get liquid. So we think there will be transaction volume and interesting opportunities in that space. So I think MOBs is an area that we like, but skilled nursing and seniors housing are certainly attractive to us as well.
Rick Schweinhart: I think I follow your question. The RIDEA structure is not really a new structure, it’s been in the market place for a long time. Private equity firms have been doing managed deals for a long period of time. So we are not really seeing any change I think in the market place in terms of either people offering more RIDEA structures, people asking for more RIDEA structures. I think it really goes back to whether or not the asset has more dynamic cash flows and if it does, maybe appropriate for the REIT to employ a RIDEA structure on that assets, so if it’s an expansion or something where the cash flows are going up, you might want to do a RIDEA structure participate in that. And if it’s a asset with more static cash flows where you are more likely to track CPI overtime then it’s probably more suitable for a triple net lease structure.
Rick Schweinhart: I guess, I can’t really answer that any differently, Karin. Like I said we are a month or two into having just provided that guidance, the portfolio is performing well. We’re happy with that and as the year continues to play out then we’ll be happy to update the guidance.
Rick Schweinhart: Rob I think, its important to note that the single largest driver for us and expenses is labor. So that’s when we see efficiencies in typically mostly driven by labor. I will say that sequentially utilities, we got a little bit of a pick up in the utilities. So, there was some benefit there but I wouldn’t consider it a driver. 
Debra Cafaro: We invested about $27 million to $28 million in quarter and calling half of that within the loan and half of it is in the senior housing asset.
Debra Cafaro: It’s small mortgage, first mortgage debt that has really great, we believe great risk-adjusted return.
Debra Cafaro: I am going to compliment my colleagues here. And we really have a lot of continuity with excellent members of our senior management team who have tremendous field structuring capabilities. I mean that includes our Head of Tax, Brian Wood and we have a lot of proprietary capital and deal structuring experience that really allows us to be very competitive in all kinds of situations because we are really able and willing to do the work to figure out the structure that that works for a seller. And that’s a tremendous advantage in the deal market, particularly, in larger transaction.
Debra Cafaro: It is as it always has been as we have sold assets it is a de minimis amount Karin, a couple of hundred thousand.
Debra Cafaro: Well, that’s my second shift, when I grew up in Pittsburgh a lot of people worked two jobs. I am spending an appropriate amount of time on the GGP Board and now the time I am not spending working on Ventas so the only people who seem to be complaining at the moment are my family. 
Debra Cafaro: I am really glad you raised the investment grade rating because as you know we’ve really been committed to moving up the credit curve. And we were really happy to get recognized for that at lower our cost to debt which at the end of the day it's really what it's all about because we want to use that to make more money for shareholders. So I don't believe that it reduces our flexibility at all. And I think we’ve always managed the company to really be an investment grade quality company, I think we’ve had really excellent balance sheet and risk management which we would expect to continue. And so I only see the rating agencies to doing any constraints on that, that are not goals that we set for ourselves, which is release and balance, growing tax growth and continually managing risk and that's what we always do and that we will continue to do. So if you look at what we’ve said to all constituencies at overtime we would expect to manage the firm at about a five times EBITDA level we are about four times now. And then over time that could vary may be a turn plus or minus for short periods of time so if you look at that and at about $5 billion. I’ve read about five times I think we have $1 billion or more of investment capacity even just to get to the five times. And so I feel really good about where we are.
Debra Cafaro: Well we have always tried to make the best decisions that we can for shareholders and I would say that today our investment has certainly produced an exceptional return, assuming that we can maintain that. And now we are in the appeals process. And I would say the costs are de minimis but the bottom-line is that if we haven’t verdict, a unanimous jury verdict for over a $100 million in our favor that secured by a letter of credit. And we feel an obligation to realize on that judgment and we will expand the appropriate amount of resources to do so.
Debra Cafaro: And I think if you look at our 2010 guidance range compared to resolve from last year and you can see what our expectations for this growth for this year making.
Debra Cafaro: I think that my first of fall in GGP and NAREIT et cetera my parents just gave me a ridiculous work ethic with that continued to try do enjoy and I am. So I feel very engaged in all the activities that I’m involved in. And in terms of the team I really do think that our shareholders should appreciate and our team should be visible. We have a great team that’s been here. Our team’s been here so as to gather since ‘01, ‘02 we’ve enjoyed a lot and shared success and I think its important for everybody to realize how many different and important contributions are made by everyone including but not limited to Ray. So we’ll add that you are getting to see that because it’s an important strength to the company.
Debra Cafaro: Yes and that’s exactly what we said at the beginning of the year while when we initiated the guidance.
Debra Cafaro: There is a couple of things going on, puts and takes on Medicaid. The last couple of years including in connection with the healthcare reform bill, the federal government has extended, I think $25 billion or more in FMAC payments which are mapping funds to the state Medicaid program. So, that’s the policy that these are obviously feeling the impact of the recession and so there are differences so, those kind of balance out and we are seeing kind of relatively steady Medicaid rate and overtime what we have seen as Medicaid rates range from the annual increases of zero to, when I first got here rates was increasing by 9%. So, we typically assume Medicaid at sort of an inflationary level and it kind of goes up and down overtime and doesn’t really affect out rents, because they are so well covered and we have credits that work at various points and time changes in reimbursement to compress or extend margin at our operators. But again that doesn’t really affect our rent which continues to be secured and reliable.
Debra Cafaro: Right we agree that we feel fine about it and I would tell you that that’s one important reason that we had geographical diversification at that type of diversification. We don’t really feel the effect directly or even indirectly from single or even a couple of changes in reimbursements.
Debra Cafaro: Well I think Sunrise has done some really important thing on the capital side to improve its condition considerably. And its equity value has reflected that and there are number of things that Mark Ordan has done under very challenging circumstances and has been absolutely superb and stabilizing the company. And so I do think certainly as compared to last year, here is the result of what he has done have really put Sunrise in a more sustainable financial condition.
Debra Cafaro: Well I think that that’s really a question for them but if they do have this well and that is they have done in everything to-date under much worse external circumstances, I think that they will manage through that.
Debra Cafaro: As we grow the company, almost by default, you’ll see as a private figure, the existing tenant, the amount of NOI we derived from those three tenants. So, naturally shrink. I have to tell you and particularly risk with Kindred and Brookdale are the leaders in their industry and they’re excellent share provider and I feel very fortunate that we do have a lot of our NOI coming from them and our friends at Sunrise continues to be really the only brand globally and to your housing. So I do feel good about this three operators and peer providers that we have that overtime, we absolutely want to continue to grow and diversify. And I think that will happen naturally as we make additional investment.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Tamina. Well, thanks to all of our shareholders and other participants for joining us today. As always, we continue to be sincerely grateful for you participation and your support to the company. And we are really looking forward welcoming you to Chicago in June. Look forward to seeing you. Thank you.
