Debra Cafaro: So, we are pleased to announce the Brookdale deal today. It is I think a really creative deal that is good for both parties just the way we like to do our deals. The rent credit, the cash rent credit is a fairly small amount as you can see and therefore would have minimal but positive impact on the EBITDAR coverage under the leases.
Debra Cafaro: Well, the purpose of the deal Juan is to give us really a good bridge to a much longer lease term with enhanced credit protection while we contribute and support Brookdale operational turnaround. And so, our expectation is with eight more years from now on the lease substantial credit protections and the meanwhile the Brookdale team focused on operating turnaround the silver wave that we know is coming that overtime this will be an excellent need for us, and when that we feel really great about. It gives great visibility to our cash flows going forward and we’re happy about that.
Debra Cafaro: What I can tell you is that we are really happy to have a successful transition behind us. We think the team is aligned and doing great. And so we're happy to own the portfolio. We know it is a very valuable portfolio and we will continue to evaluate our options but we did take it out as guidance as you've correctly pointed out as we reevaluate our options on the portfolio. Right now, we like the upside and are feeling good about our decisions here move it.
Debra Cafaro: The occupancy is probably the biggest upside that we see and that's been trending positively since the transition and the portfolio is really segmented. There's a very large component of sort of stable growing cash flow. And then there's a component where we really think that specialized operating plans can improve performance and so there's a very targeted planned asset by asset that we see starting to gain traction and that we hope will deliver improved cash flows over time.
Debra Cafaro: Well, as you can imagine, my colleague John Cobb and a number of our other Ventas' colleagues has been working with Brookdale for a quite a while on the outlines and completion of this agreement. We have jointly identified really a pool of assets that we think would be a good group of assets to sell that would improve the portfolio performance and quality. The final details are yet to be determined but we think there is directional agreement around a group of assets that would be targeted for potential disposition.
Debra Cafaro: Remember that within the master lease coverage is somewhat artificial it really just depends on how you allocate rent within the lease. So the real idea is to identify assets where you believe that's the future operating performance may not be as good as the assets that you're not selling. So it's really about the operational future of the assets, it's not about coverage which is as I said as somewhat artificial allocation within a master lease. So that’s how to think about it, which assets are not strategic to the portfolio, which assets do we think have a better upward trajectory in terms of performance and then segmenting out the ones that we think are either nonstrategic for one reason or another or could be operated better by someone else that type of thing.
Debra Cafaro: Well, in our guide we’ve consistently projected for the year and continued asset in and around maybe a year, the LHP loan would be refinanced as Ardent continues to do well and wants to consolidate its capital structure into more streamline way. And so, that’s our expectations that will obviously be driven by market conditions.
Debra Cafaro: It is the good way to think about it and again we're trying to create a mutually beneficial agreement where we can support the efforts of the team to drive operational improvement. We have always said that the best thing that Brookdale can do to create shareholder value is to drive operations. And so, we are supportive of that effort and that's why you see the pattern of the rent credit over time as you correctly point out, and we would expect Brookdale to -- it's all about improving EBITDAR of the portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So, we have basically modified our change control right. So that it has become more streamlined and objective change of control that protect Ventas from and Ventas shareholders from the credit side from the reputational side and an operational side because we have always cared deeply about who takes care of these 100,000 seniors and their financial wherewithal to do so. And importantly in that situation that gives Brookdale some flexibility strategic flexibility. And in that event, we also get some significant enhancements including lease extensions, if the change control does occur as I mentioned at the outset.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I don't think liking has much to do with it. It really is an objective view as a company a firm who has significant credit behind its obligations to care for seniors. Is it a company or a firm who has operational experience in senior living and is it someone who reputationally should be in a position to do the things that Brookdale does care for seniors and that's very important, that’s always has been.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, let simplify it for you. What’s really good about it is that, before we get this deal our cash rate was higher than our gap rent, and by doing this lease expansion for eight years, we gap and cash are approximately the same. And so you can think it, I think it more aligning gap in cash and we like that.
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you. Bob's feeling like the LTAC repairman. So, I’ll be happy to answer that and then we’ll move on -- look I mean we as I said want to be a good partner, we want to Brookdale, we believe this is an excellent outcome for Ventas shareholders and we have retain certain flexibility and certain cases to continue to have optionality including some asset transitions in certain circumstances.
Debra Cafaro: No, no. Okay, there is -- let say the portfolio has rough numbers in the 170s of the annual rent about 15% of that could be sold, we get all the proceeds from that and depending on what the proceeds are we get a credit to Brookdale at a six in the quarter yield basically.
Debra Cafaro: Let me try it different way. Think about it this way. All the rents basically that's now there which stay on the portfolio minus, net proceeds to Ventas times 6.25% maybe that certifies this achievement.
Debra Cafaro: Well again given the fact that we think that this potential sales improve the portfolio, help Ventas, help Brookdale in a very positive for those companies we would encourage that process to happen over the next year or two, and obviously subject to market conditions. And again think it as a seriously would be getting money that we could reinvest into life science, medical office development redevelopment and redeploy those proceeds? That's really how to think about it.
Debra Cafaro: Well it's a full scale sale, so we would the idea is there would be no lease at that point in time. There would be a new buyer. You know any person who wanted to buy senior housing and they could have the benefit of operating that asset which we think would enhance proceeds.
Debra Cafaro: I mean we've worked out something where we think the asset sales are good for both sides and that we would work cooperatively together on a commercially reasonable timeframe to identify the assets for sale and sell them in a optimal way, to invest buyers.
Debra Cafaro: Right, so, Brookdale as the triple net tenant is responsible for ongoing maintenance CapEx. And then as we said in the press release, Ventas will work with Brookdale to consider whether it’s appropriate to invest additional capital to improve the market positioning and performance to the asset and we would work with them and if we agree there would be a market return based on capital investment, which of course again would be definition improve the quality and hopefully the performance of those communities.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we have handful network and leverage type requirement. Very typical credit type requirements to know that as I said before that the operator is financially credit worthy to conduct a business that is new which is typically taking care of seniors. And those requirements are enhance if there is a change of control.
Debra Cafaro: That's something that you probably should take up with the parties who are involved in this transaction.
Debra Cafaro: We are really focused on executing our plan which is as we've talked about you know really investing in our future growth through our life science and MOB development and redevelopment and working with our operators to really drive performance and delivering results for our shareholders.
Debra Cafaro: Well back to me I guess. Again, what we’re feeling here is to expand the lease maturity out for eight years. We are giving some near-term cash flow support to the new Brookdale team, who is focused on driving operational improvement. We received significant credit enhancement of that will support the reliability of the future rent stream. And importantly, we are bridging to really 2026 when we are quite confident that the silver wave as Brookdale causes will be in full force and hopefully customers of all of our senior living communities. And so really think about it as at lease expansion, credit operating improvement and bridging to a period of time where the senior population will be very, very robust and the demand will be extremely great. And then the meanwhile, again we have the credit support from Brookdale to carry forward which as I said improve the visibility and resilience of our future cash flow.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we think, we feel really great about where we are and we believe the Brookdale team is very focused on improving operations which is really the key to everything. And we are upward trajectory that expanded our leases for eight years which people should feel really, really good about.
Debra Cafaro: Right, as we talked about before, when we have a master lease the coverage is based on what we write in the schedule of the asset by asset coverage. So, it should be relative consistent across the portfolio with the lease expansion. The focus of the sale of assets for both of us is really can focus on assets that are non strategic maybe there is one in the market maybe someone else a local operator can do better, maybe leasing that the assets doesn't have as good as of future growth profile, as to assets that we’re retaining. It has nothing to do with coverage which basically will be consistent across the board by asset as we do the lease expansion, but it will have everything to do with our expectations of future performance of that, again, the goal being to improve the quality and future performance of the retained assets by pruning.
Debra Cafaro: And importantly really with really well rated highly regarded institution like Penn, like West U, like I mean some like Sutter, These are where we’re focused and the demand for the product as John said, the PMV, Wexford and others can deliver is very, very high.
Debra Cafaro: You’re making a very, very good point, and I’d like to comment it in a couple of ways. One is that whether it’s a high way help systems or heavy weight universities both of which are new partner, it has lot of experience. And we see that they have a very robust mission, they want to accomplish lot of things, so they’re in hurry to do it. And even they the AA rated, the highly well capitalized organization. They still have more leases than sources. And so where we come in and where we have really moved our business is to be able to provide those additional forces in the academic medical centers and the life science business and the MOB with these highly rate organization with brand names. And they are willing to use our capital in these assets and develop their rest of their capital to academic programming in the case of the universities and things like that. And so this is a very good way to rotate our capital which in healthcare retail business has historically been around got the retail of lower cost capital we’re going to provide it to people who have a cost capital. This is actually a beautiful inverse of that where we are getting great risk adjusted returns from really highly rated well capitalized companies. And then as you’ve seen over the past years, we have significantly rotated our capital allocation in that direction. And as we’ve said it’s our number one capital allocation priority for that reason among others. So, it’s a very interesting concept I’m glad you raised it and its where we think we’ve already created a huge amount of value in the $2 billion portfolio we built in life science where we think we’re in about six in three quarters and we see assets trading at five or below. And so that’s a big amount of value creation for Ventas shareholders and we will keep filing that feel as long as we can.
Debra Cafaro: Well Michael, thanks for the question. One thing I would say is we've talked about healthcare and senior living team a really large fragmented dynamic space and you're really starting to see a huge amount of -- there was a lot of horizontal merger activity for a long time and now you're really starting to see a lot of vertical integration, what we call convergence at one point across assets types. And if you recall when we first became a partner of Arden, we talked a great length about how these asset types are converging whether it's hospitals without patient or post acute et cetera. And we really are seeing an acceleration and the dynamism all across health care, not as exciting and it’s a place where we see exceptionally well positioned to play and to help all these organizations achieve their goals, but also do great for Ventas shareholders. And so, there are lots of ways to play. We think we're right in the heart of it all and I think there's a lot of opportunities for us to continue to move the business forward within the dynamism that we see across the landscape of healthcare and senior housing.
Debra Cafaro: We have seen for many years and I've been working 19 years to get to a place where we are right now within the portfolio, which is which I think speaks for itself. I would say that the trends that we see in skilled nursing business have been significantly negative for a very long time and we continue to see those headwinds, and there have been a lot of smart people over the years who have awaited into the business, and it’s a very very very difficult business. And so we are happy with where we are, we're happy investing in our life science, MOB business in a way that Bob described and that's really where our focus moving our business forward is and we do continue to see senior lending over time being also a good place to be.
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you. Yes, we tell the lot of brain cells so for coming up with what we thought was the optimal solution for the Brookdale and Ventas shareholders. That could really and I really believe that this is one of the same her team has great expertise and a track record in whether with – or others which is really looking at a situation and figuring out A how both people can be better off achieve the goals that they have and also optimize the results and advance interest of Ventas shareholders. And I think this is a really great proof point of that, there were many different ideas and structures that were considered, discussed Brookdale was I think really creative and corporative in the process as well. And we came up with what we think is the best outcome. And honestly I’m so glad that you said that because I think we achieve that and that constituents of those companies should be really happy with the outcome.
Debra Cafaro: Is that our final question? Okay. So, we want to thank everyone sincerely for being here today for your interest and support to Ventas. We appreciate everything you’ve done to make a last 20 years of Ventas such a great success story. And we look forward to seeing you again here. Thank you.
Robert Probst: We certainly are pleased with the start growing 0.7% in the first quarter, always good to come out of the gate strong that’s indeed what we did. One of the things that benefited the quarter I mentioned was the reduced number of new openings in the quarter and we’ve seen trend delayed new openings for the last several quarters now. So, our outlook is really assuming that those are going to open in the balance of the year. We’re going to see an increase in new things coming online and the consequent impact on the P&L. So, good start to the year, but obviously still early and so on that assumption we’re keeping the range.
Robert Probst: Sure, the guidance assumption in February was that we would sale approximately 25% into the JV and it would not be consolidated into our result. So, you’ll see kind of financial impacts in our guidance through the P&L of the decisions to keep on 100% in the guidance. And therefore, we see a consolidated P&L coming through. So, that’s the real changing guidance. The impact on FFO is really de minimis.
Robert Probst: Look, I called the stronghold markets in the prepared remarks, the LA, Boston continued to perform very well. We’ve seen that literally over the course of the year and that’s both on top and bottom line, good pricing power, good occupancy, good bottom line momentum. The challenge markets from a slide perspective also are very common theme at Atlanta, Chicago et cetera. And the performance of those again roughly as expected, so no surprises really I think from that perspective. What is unique and I have highlight is the delaying in new openings and which is obviously helpful to give time for absorption to occur, and also very newables to lots of the planning in new starts which is encouraging for the future for us. But the profile generally by market it hasn’t really changed materially
Robert Probst: Sure. It's an old joint venture, small within which there about 13 SNF assets, and we decided to sell those assets. And as a consequence therefore that being impairment that I mentioned in the first quarter that we recognize, but we'll be selling those assets effectively at a 9 cap rate on cash rents. Small deal ultimately cash proceeds saw at 80 million of share gross, but another exit if you want to get there other - business for us at an attractive price.
Robert Probst: It's the held for sale assets are most materially and they are now those – assets I talked about those 13. Outside of that there was a dozen or so intended for sale. So it's a very small proportion of the overall 1200 properties.
Robert Probst: That's a great question and first part, so that we think standards, which working on right now along with everyone else for commendation next year. So we'll see how that goes. One of the tenants of that potentially having to extend those leasing costs. So we're working through that right now and obviously we'll report back as we get more.
Robert Probst: Yes, I mean Wells partnered in speak to our disclosure, the 1.1 to 1.2 bucket which you see at 8.9% does include Brookdale as you imagine is the biggest piece of triple-net senior housing and that did move relative to last quarter. And again this is all TTMm, so doesn’t reflect any of the group we've been talking about today but on the old agreement that's the math.
Robert Probst: Sure. Well, one quarter does not here made it clearly. So, we like to get some more experience on frankly and the range is really driven by the pacing of occupancy, pacing of new deliveries and the consequent impact on revenue. And that's where we want to see unfold over the next quarters so to really get a better handle on the full year.
Robert Probst: Well, development is clearly a number one focus area for us from a capital allocation perspective and most notably within that life science and we've been hearing along the way over the last year. So the progress there and we highlighted a few new tidbits today that - and append which is really exciting and we continue to see a robust pipeline of opportunity there was really good risk adjusted returns and have grown that business even ahead of our high expectations since we brought it several years ago. So we continue to focus on that and see further opportunities. Other trophy assets for development, clearly you can see this presume we talk about this MOB, San Francisco opening really next year. Now approximately 80% preleased super excited about that. The selective opportunities in senior housing in high variable markets with operators like Sunrise, we’ll continue to pursue. But again very selective trophy type assets, but it's really our life science as we think about development.
