Robert Probst: Thank you, Justin. I'm going to share some highlights on our '23 performance, touch on our balance sheet and close with our 2024 outlook. I'll start by saying we are pleased with all we accomplished in 2023. We finished the year strong, with reported normalized FFO per share of $0.76 in the fourth quarter, a 7% increase versus the prior year, adjusting for the promote received in Q4 of '22. For the fiscal year '23, we delivered normalized FFO of $2.99 per share or over 5% growth year-over-year when adjusting the prior year for unusual items. The multiyear senior housing growth trajectory was in full display in '23, with SHOP total NOI increasing year-over-year by approximately $100 million. We also reported total company same-store cash NOI growth of over 8% year-over-year, which is one of the fastest organic growth rates in our company's history. Our 2023 normalized FFO of $2.99 per share was at the high end of our previous $2.96 to $2.99 guidance range, and included $0.01 per share cybersecurity revenue impact in the fourth quarter in our Ardent OpCo investment that was not contemplated in prior guidance. Pete Bulgarelli and our outpatient medical and research team delivered another year of continuous compounding growth, with same-store cash NOI increasing nearly 3% in 2023, at the high end of our guidance range. Continued strong retention and leasing activity in outpatient medical led the way. A key driver of that result is the remarkable record of tenant satisfaction in Ventas' Lillibridge property management business, which notched its fourth consecutive year of top quartile tenant satisfaction. In 2023, Lillibridge reached the 97th percentile for overall tenant satisfaction, placing it among the top 5 property managers. I'd also like to share a few comments on our balance sheet. Throughout 2023, we used our scale and access to diverse sources of capital, raised over $4 million of attractively-priced capital across multiple markets and geographies. This capital raising in 2023 in part refunded 2024 maturing debt at attractive rates. As a result, we had a robust year-end 2023 liquidity position of $3.2 billion and have relatively modest 2024 maturing debt of $800 million net of cash on hand. The attractive NOI and EBITDA growth in our SHOP business also improved Ventas' net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 6.9x in the fourth quarter, a trend we expect to continue in 2024 and beyond led by the multiyear SHOP NOI growth opportunity. Let's conclude with our full year 2024 outlook. Because our asset classes are benefiting from powerful demographic demand, we are pleased to project another consecutive year of normalized FFO growth in the mid-single digits, and the third consecutive year of same-store SHOP cash NOI growth in the double digits. For 2024, we expect net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.06 per share at the midpoint. Our 2024 normalized FFO guidance range is $3.07 to $3.18 or $3.13 per share at the midpoint, which represents 5% year-over-year growth. The $0.14 FFO per share increase year-over-year can be bridged by 3 items. We expect a $0.28 per share contribution from outstanding year-over-year property growth led again by SHOP, which is expected to grow NOI by over $100 million for the second consecutive year. This property growth is partially offset by an $0.11 per share increase in higher interest expense and the $0.03 impact of 2023 capital recycling. In terms of same-store, we expect our total company same-store cash NOI to grow between 5% and 7.5% in 2024 led by SHOP same-store cash NOI growth of 10% to 15%. Our guidance also includes new senior housing investments of 350 million, which Justin mentioned in his remarks. The low and high end of our FFO guidance range are largely described by our property NOI expectations and potential changes in interest rates. A final note on phasing. We expect same-store cash NOI and normalized FFO year-over-year growth to ramp through the year, driven by higher interest expense in the first half of '24 versus '23, and the occupancy acceleration in the key selling season in SHOP, resulting in an exit run rate that should enable attractive SHOP growth '25 and beyond. A more fulsome discussion of our '24 guidance assumptions can be found in the earnings and outlook presentation posted to our website. To close, the entire Ventas team is ready to win together with all of our stakeholders. And that concludes our prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Robert Probst: Sure, Nick. Yes. So I mentioned the $0.11 year-over-year. A big piece of that is refinancing our debt into a higher rate environment. We have $1.2 billion of debt coming due this year, and you call it in the mid-3s kind of range from having issued that debt quite -- years ago. So refinancing that in the current environment is dilutive. The volume of debt also, we have a year-over-year impact of the ELP transaction midyear last year, so we have effectively, the first half of that, that we're lapping in '24. So together, those 2 things describe the increase year-on-year on interest expense. I'd note we've included interest expense guidance, which is new to us, in order to try to help analysts' model that because I know it can be tricky, but those are the drivers.
Robert Probst: And maybe I'll touch on the funding question. Given those returns, Nick, we think that can be an attractive proposition for shareholders. And indeed, we've built into our guidance about $350 million of investments and on balance sheet financing in order to do that. And we think we can achieve both attractive investment alternatives and delevering in the process with those types of investments.
Robert Probst: Sure. So in terms of, as you say, below the line items, first thing to say is the guidance doesn't assume any changes in the '25 lease situation. And so it's business as usual in '24 in our guidance assumptions. You're correct to say there is Brookdale amortization from the consideration we received in that restructure a number of years ago being amortized. If and to the extent we have a restructured deal there, that would be affected, but ultimately, it could be an outcome that depends on the deal itself. In terms of FAD, I would say FAD growth -- this is operating FAD, I would expect to grow in line with FFO year-over-year.
Robert Probst: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, look, the returns on these investments that we're seeing make this attractive from day 1 to our shareholders in our view, even at the current cost of capital when you look at the numbers. And we started this discussion with investors really late last year at NAREIT where cap rates have changed. And I think the consensus view at that point continues to be that's a good investment. And so effectively, we've built that into our guidance in this $350 million. And I mentioned the opportunity of over-equitizing alongside that, that is also assumed. That being said, in a very disciplined way. And I think that's the important part of the narrative. And so there is some -- there are assumptions around that, but we will be very prudent in all, always, a function of the market.
Robert Probst: That's a good segue to some of the assumptions you asked about in our guidance, especially redev. Let's start there. So we said our #1 use of cash is investing behind senior housing redevs. You're seeing the growth that's coming from that in the attractive returns. So last year was $210 million round numbers of redev. Because the projects are starting to come down, and I'd mentioned in previous calls we're going to normalize over time, we would expect some reduction in that redev spend this year. I'll call it $175 million in 2024. And again, that should normalize over time as these projects complete. Other assumptions, capital recycling, we are assuming, after $450 million of dispositions last year, our current guidance is $100 million. So a significant reduction, and those are very focused on some senior housing noncore assets in that $100 million. And then finally, on the equity assumption. To just underscore what I mentioned earlier, we do have, in our assumption, both investments and the funding of that. The share count is listed in the assumptions that comes out of that.
Robert Probst: [Indiscernible] measuring between NAREIT FFO and normalized FFO across peers, I would suggest to you that they're very similar in terms of our numbers. And by benchmark, well, I would [indiscernible]...
Robert Probst: I see. Some of those are market-based, importantly. I'll just highlight one, which is Brookdale warrants. We have $16 million of Brookdale warrants, and that is mark-to-market every quarter, and there's a lot of volatility in that. And that flows through between NAREIT and FFO normalized [indiscernible] adjustment, and that's impossible to predict. But we think in terms of portraying the underlying performance of the business is absolutely the right adjustment to make it normalized. So that's a good example.
Debra Cafaro: Right. Mike, I would tell you that obviously, the most important thing we think about in the renewal in 2025 is about what the earnings capacity of those assets is at that time and beyond. And the -- Kindred has communicated to us that they have significant initiatives underway on those revenue and expense to improve operating performance incentives. Some of those, we can see are starting to take hold. We give Select as an example because it's a public company in the same business, and it shows that significant improvements are possible. And it's really too early to say, whether and to the extent Kindred's initiatives will, in fact, take hold to improve EBITDAR in 2024 and 2025. But they are surely working on it.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, as you know, kind of Santerre's gotten off to a favorable start, and we are -- we've already sold some assets at favorable pricing. I think we'll continue to pick our spots and be opportunistic on that. And then in terms of Kindred, I think we'd be able to certainly say that we'll have more visibility this year, whether or not the financial impact of this year or next year. Right now, we're thinking about next year. But that -- it's too early to say, really, what form that would take, but we have the benefit of a lease that runs into May of 2025, and that's a valuable asset.
Debra Cafaro: Jim, yes, it's kind of funny to be talking about this 25 years after I started, because this is what I was doing 25 years ago. But look, we are really well prepared. We're experienced on this. We have lots of plans and subplans, I would say. It's only really 23 assets in total, so I think that, that makes it kind of manageable. And of course, we will try to optimize the NOI of the assets. And it's a puzzle, and we have lots of tools that we've used before, and that's really what we're focused on. And I can assure you there are -- will always be kind of alternatives that we have and are ready to execute in this scenario.
Debra Cafaro: Michael, remember, we own the assets and we own the EBITDAR in those assets. And that's an important -- that's very important. And again, it's too early to say. We have favorable trends in the Brookdale situation, and in Kindred, we hope to have favorable trends as you look out to 2025. So there's a lot more that goes into it when you think about what the outcome is going to be, and we'll be happy to share more with you as the facts develop.
Debra Cafaro: I mean I think the key point, the topic sentence, and we'll get to the answer is, those assets overlap with our own portfolio in many respects. Our portfolio is over 90% occupied and managed by Pete and the team very effectively. This was under 80%. So there was -- there is and was significant occupancy upside as we get in there and self-manage those assets. And now I'll turn it over to the team to take your questions.
Debra Cafaro: And also, as we do new investments, obviously, the percentage that, that represents of the overall SHOP portfolio and Ventas will shrink because the denominator will be growing and emphasized on U.S. senior housing. So that will change the impact as well.
Debra Cafaro: And I'm glad you asked it, too, because I think with Ventas really giving FFO guidance into '24, that really is in the top 10 of all REITs, that we are aiming to have an improved multiple that benefits and reward shareholders, and it represents a cost of capital that could be very effective as we build on the organic growth story and layer on attractive investments focused on senior housing.
Debra Cafaro: I mean one part I would comment on is that we are very disciplined about it and don't lead the league in any -- and this is an area we don't want to lead the league in, and we can talk about that further. It's a very defined category, and we use it as such. So, Bob...
Debra Cafaro: Okay. It's a typical litigation reserve and it affects us and other REITs. And in terms of the acquisition investment opportunities, I think, again, looking at the pipeline that we have, I think Justin talked about 7% plus or minus going in cap rates, which is affected by the growth rate, leading to low to mid-teens IRRs, which, depending on how we fund, will be -- that's how the accretion, obviously, in year 1 will be determined. We're not counting on a lot of accretion into year 1, but rather enhancing our growth rate over time. And we think that those IRRs are attractive, and we want to expand our presence in U.S. senior housing.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So on the latter part, as I mentioned, I think we'll be -- we'll pick our spots on disposing of certain of the Santerre assets over time. Including the SNF. We've been -- we've sold some at very attractive per bed valuations, and we're happy with that. And on the -- what was the -- the others were embedded purchase options that we got in the acquired portfolio with universities who have a better cost of capital than God. So they chose to exercise them. So that's all that was.
Debra Cafaro: All right. Mandeep, thank you very much, and I want to thank everyone for joining us today. It's a pleasure to speak with you and have a chance to answer your questions. We really appreciate your interest in Ventas, your support of Ventas, and we look forward to seeing you again soon.
Justin Hutchens: Rich, it's Justin. Let me start with Brookdale. So Brookdale has the opportunity to extend the lease at the end of this year, to let us know, and then the lease will run through the end of '25, and we have a new lease starting in '26. That portfolio is performing well. As I said, continued improvement, has good coverage, is growing coverage and resides in markets that we think have around 1,000 basis points of upside over the next few years. So we're in a strong position there. We'll see how that plays out, but it's a good situation.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. I'll start with the first part. We are seeing good opportunities in senior housing. We do target opportunities that have a discount to replacement costs. We're seeing around 20% to 30% discounts in the pipeline. In terms of return expectations, you mentioned the low to mid-teens in unlevered IRRs. We also -- obviously, there is -- the cap rate is a component of that. We tend to see around 7% right now, and there's a little bit of movement up and down, depending on the growth of the asset. So the goal is to be neutral or accretive year 1 and then have growth in the asset, which is supported by this strong and growing demand in the senior housing sector.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, it's Justin. So -- the -- it's an issue in California, and the adjustment relates primarily to the class action suit, involves some of our SHOP properties. We don't really view suits like this to be as ordinary course in our business. They do come up from time to time, especially in California. Because they don't relate to the core business performance, we think adjustment to the FFO is appropriate.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. So great question. I appreciate it. There's a Page 8 in the deck for anyone that has that in front of them. It helps to articulate this. So we had 120 basis points of occupancy growth year-over-year in 2023. We had acceleration of move-ins and occupancy in the third quarter, which led to solid growth in the fourth quarter, which was at 170 basis points year-over-year in January. We're already starting at 200 basis points of occupancy year-over-year, and we are seeing better than typical seasonal results ending the fourth quarter and starting the year so far, which is really encouraging and supportive of the 250 basis points at the midpoint that we included in our SHOP guidance. So we have a good run of occupancy growth, and also, move-ins have been really strong as well. I mentioned that they're around 110% versus prior year in the fourth quarter. We've continued to see a strong move-ins at the beginning of the year as well.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. So let me start with the jumping off point at the end of the year. So what's happening this year is we have significant occupancy growth in our plan. Occupancy, as you know, a lot of it comes from the key selling season. We're off to a pretty good start because we're already outperforming just typical seasonality. But what's most important is what's coming next, which is that kind of May to September period, which provides occupancy growth. Typically, we see the numbers that the demand is there, we see in the underlying performance that we're executing on the demand. So that gives us the confidence that we'll be able to grow occupancy. And then when you have the build during the year, clearly, that you end up ending the year at a higher NOI. And that NOI, the point we're making is it's a good launching pad for 2025 growth when you run that through and then you start adding more occupancy on top of that. The other thing that happens is margin expansion. We're in a place right now, we're in the -- you mentioned Canada. It's 95% occupied. U.S. is around 80%, 81%. Well a lot -- most of our occupancy growth is in the U.S. And when you -- we're just at the early stage of that occupancy band where margin starts to grow, and we're at an inflection point, and so we're also looking forward to next year as well as we -- as occupancy grows, the operating leverage goes up, margin expansion could or should be more in '25. So we think there's good support for this growth, and we're executing, and it's not -- it should help the '25 number, and then the demand is such that the runway should be even longer. So we like what we're seeing there. In terms of Canada, we do have a really, really good portfolio there. And I'm really glad you asked about it because it is a core light asset, very high quality physically. It's very high quality in terms of execution, in occupancy and margin. It's been a consistent performer for us. There's good demand in these markets. It's a great operator. Primarily most of the NOI is Le Groupe Maurice in Canada. And we look forward to continuing with that, and with that relationship and the compounding growth that it can offer and also opportunities to expand that footprint over time.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. And actually, I'll take this opportunity to make one of my other favorite points. And that is that the U.S., okay, that grew 24.5% in -- for us last year in our same-store pool, and we're expecting mid- to high teens NOI growth in '24. That's the growth engine. And that's comparable to the other portfolio. They have similar upside and less stability, where Canada is what it is. It's high quality and stable. But when you blend the 2, obviously, it hampers our growth a little bit, and it's being hampered by a very high-quality, high-performing portfolio, and the U.S. is growing as well as anyone.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I like it. But what really dawned on us, quite frankly, is it's not high enough. It really is -- we're focused on 80% occupancy and getting back to prepandemic cash flows, and we're kind of moving beyond that because we see the ceiling can be a lot higher and the demand backdrop supports that. So we don't want to put a ceiling on the opportunity. We think it's more over time. We've got a good run rate established. We're putting up $100 million -- around $100 million a little bit more per year in the SHOP portfolio. So we decided to move on, try to focus on looking forward. One of the things that, before I'll hand over to Bob, I just want to mention on the -- you mentioned CapEx projects. I just want to throw in something on the senior housing. We did complete 167 projects by the end of '23, and that those started in October of '22. And so we had a really strong run of getting our portfolio refreshed. We think there's about another 70 that completes by this May for the key selling season and then another group of 82 or so, hopefully, by the beginning of next year's key selling season. So we're well past halfway done and like the opportunity to do more and increase our opportunity to be competitive.
