Robert Probst: Sure Juan. Bob here. We're really pleased to see the expense growth the 1.7%. We have given guidance early in the year and that's helps me true of about 4% I call it constant volume wage pressure and we continue to see that. So what obviously therefore happening is the operators doing a great job of managing down the other costs not labor costs together with flexing labor with occupancy and that's what's driving the benefits in the quarter. I believe a lot of those costs savings remain sustainable and particularly flexing labor with volume is to go back in time and look at historical occupancy levels, we still have plenty of cushion relative to where we were at lower. So there is still opportunity there and for those with scale which our operators have to continue to drive that to reduce and hold non-labor cost, so still room to run there. In terms of your second question on software implementation costs, that's a onetime cost with Sunrise and putting in the software for care and so we've adjusted that out as non-recurring.
Robert Probst: It's for care compliance Juan, really to be able to when care is provided to a resident to be able to monitor and track that and ultimately bill for it, so.
Robert Probst: Sure. Well, anecdotally we continue to hear it's more difficult to find difficult to find operators to get financing, to find good locations in terms of supply, Debbie quoted some of the steps in terms of starts relative to two years ago which are down nearly 50%. So both the anecdotes and the facts would suggest there's a positive trend there which we're pleased with. As we think about labor going into 2018, obviously a bit early to give guidance. I do think wage pressures will continue, labor pressures will continue into 2018 there. Therefore we're going to turn to price again. I'd emphasis how pleased we are on the rate side with 4% we saw me a year and again we're seeing that across the portfolio and that's really encouraging.
Robert Probst: Sure. Let me differentiate between underlying asset performance and our triple-net same-store. Our triple-net same store has performed very well year-to-date and the race to 3 to 3.5 really reflects the fact that we've done three quarters of the year. And really see stability in that portfolio everything about the rental income. So that through guidance for us. In terms of trends in the underlying portfolio, I think the same the same store senior housing triple-net portfolio same headwind to the industry. And so we probably will see some pressure on that 1.3 times as we go forward here. But again we think got to within underlying norms within the industry.
Robert Probst: We've been really pleased Michael with Canada of course two consecutive quarters now of double-digit growth. And when you look within the occupancy nearly 95%, what course we have is a supply demand equilibrium in Canada, we have great assets in Canada very well operated. And in light of the high occupancy, we've been pushing price again. I think that's a big driver of this performance. So I hope it will be top obviously next year but the fundamentals are there. On the U.S. side, it's very much as we've portrayed I think if you go back to beginning of the year and the framework on guidance we laid out there that's where the year is really kind of very consistently so we really know the surprises so far.
Robert Probst: Sure. Well, two things as we think about construction that are important which is deliveries and new starts. And in the quarter, this quarter we did see delays in deliveries and that together with flattish new start is what drove the ratio up. And therefore again a step back, I think there's clearly a carry over to 2018. The underlying trends for the industry in terms of starts, we believe will part of our portfolio equally. Within that from a market point of view, one also had to look at demand of that supply growth and for our engine room markets as I described them, we consider this a very, very strong performance and that's LAs, Boston and the New York as I've highlighted. So though in certain areas there have been some new access coming online, again the engine room is strong and the rate is particularly strong in that. So we are feeling good about it.
Robert Probst: I'll try to. The applied fourth quarter is really U.S. dynamic and really again it's down to the views of deliveries in pacing of new supply. I mean that midpoint really assumes. We have something more compression on the occupancy line. So we'll see but that's what driving that assumption.
Robert Probst: The question was the profit adding capital spend and it's 200 year-to-date. It's really split between life science and SHOP.
Robert Probst: Sure. And I think the number is still pretty good, pretty good having, that's going to here there about the same.
Robert Probst: Yeah, so let me break that down a little bit for you. The 10 million is really split call it 50-50 between property damage and other direct costs the other half associated with things like evacuation, meals, lodging et cetera. We have not to emphasis assumed any - yet any insurance proceeds reimbursements. We have insurance obviously to covers those types of events. We have recognized you got the light of the uncertainty of timing and amount. So that's a gross number. It is flowing through the other expense line of the P&L, so it's below NOI. And as I highlighted in the prepared remarks, therefore it's still continuing including in but excluding from NOI and normalized FFO.
Robert Probst: We don't differentiate in that analysis, so stabilized versus non-stabilized, nor do we in same-store at close in. I think the thing that's important to continue to look at when you look at the construction pages, the demand side of the equation then harking back to our framework where we have on average 3% demand as our equilibrium point. And so many of these markets where there is new construction coming online, there is high demand as well.
Robert Probst: Sure. The secondary markets is where we did see the blunt of new competition and I'd highlight markets like Salt Lake city for example flow into that secondary market segmentation. And it is - when we looked our portfolio and segmented it to say where do we have equilibrium versus a surplus. Many of those markets where we have surplus are in the secondary markets, so that's where we are seeing the impact and you can see quite clearly in the quarter.
Robert Probst: I think the supply dynamics I mentioned in terms of new deliveries will carry into 2018 no double in some of these same markets.
Robert Probst: That's a great question and shame it's the last one of the day, it's really interesting. And we are seeing the rent growth, the growth as I mentioned in some of those markets they have new supply. And that is a combination of what I call the releasing but also it is base rent increases. And what is very important and our operators do a very good job is understanding how that releasing spread is trending overtime. And I think in our portfolio generally we feel pretty good about that releasing spread being within norms that are acceptable. So the rate side of the equation is really held us.
Debra Cafaro: And do it more efficiently and more accurately in terms of the level of care and related pricing for that care.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, so I'll be happy to take that. Good morning. So this is a good portfolio of over 70 private pay communities. It was in the heat map and is no longer in the one-one to one-two bucket. We think that it is a great portfolio and well positioned a large - the largest part of it of course is stable kind of reliable growing asset and then there's a portion that we think can drive some significant upside as I talked about this powerful upside potential and senior housing and we want to enjoy the benefits of that with for Ventas and also for with the joint venture partner.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I do think the joint venture obviously will be initially focused on this portfolio, but it is a competitive advantage as I pointed out if there were assets to acquire that that would be another source of capital should we wish to grow in that joint venture and if we thought the assets were appropriate to go in there. It's one of their diversified capital source should we wish to add asset. But we're focused right now on completing the first step of that process.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we've been known to do that before. We have established a really significant strategic relationship with the new management company and we excited about being in business with them and it would be possible that we would have an ownership stake going forward, yes.
Debra Cafaro: We have a good relationship with Elmcroft. They have been good partners, we've known them for a long time. They originally where at Vencore many, many years ago and spun off as part of the original atria. So the relationships we have with them go a way back and we are working with them collaboratively to transition the portfolio and so that's how we are making it happen.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, on a triple-net senior housing side, I say there's a lot of consistency there Bob mentioned and a lot of clustering including Brookdale around the segment average. So very consistent.
Debra Cafaro: I mean one thing on the construction side too with the hurricanes, there is going to be tremendous demand on construction, labor and materials and so on for the rebuilding that's going to be necessary in Texas and Florida. And that's an additional constraint on new development.
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely, I mean here is how we're thinking about it. First of all, we love a diversified portfolio and we think that that is the path to success a value preservation and value creation and we followed that issue now for a very long time. Within that, we've made some great investments in the hospital space, we've been extremely selective. It is performing very well in that series through the third quarter on our property performance and we will continue to look at selective opportunities both with them and in the market generally. So it is the same as always. We think it's a big potential opportunity but one where we are going be very selective and we've been very successful so far and we want to continue that track record.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean we have a beachhead investment in certainly in Canada, obviously that's doing exceptionally well and that was our first real international investment that we started back in 2007 and we cut that trend early and we have some investments in the U.K. that are performing very well also. We continued to look in the continental and in the U.K. and have done a lot of good work there and those markets can be attractive, but we will be very selective there as well.
Debra Cafaro: Well, again we look at this if you look if you think it's relatively consistent with the rest of our senior housing triple-net as we talked about which has been stable at 1.3. We would say that - the reason we look at EBIT arm and again this is a subject on which we have tremendous experience with Kindred and others. When you look - we look at EBIT arm because when you look at operators and how they make decisions and what their incremental cost management is and or stated another way how much overhead they're truly able to get rid of if they shed asset. That number tends to be much closer to kind of 1%, 2%, 3% depending on the operator and the asset type. And so we think that EBIT arm is really a good place to look. And so it's pretty clear depending on how you look at management, see what the math is, but we are in that consistent kind of stable coverage area.
Debra Cafaro: As I mentioned in the call, we are going to have to move on, we have a few many other colors that we have to take. But as I mentioned there is a strong bid across our asset type from all types of capital. And so as we move forward with this transaction, we'll be happy to provide additional valuation metrics. But again to repeat the sematic I would say that people are very interested in asset types because they are resilient, because they is demographic demand, because of the cash flows, and so valuations are strong as I said. Q - Thanks for color.
Debra Cafaro: Well, you are right, we're more than two years away from that. And as you know we've gone to lease maturities time and time again here at Ventas. And I think that we are always open and active about working with all of our relationships to find positive outcomes for both sides.
Debra Cafaro: Well, you know Elmcroft is a good company and they have a lot of good people there. And the expectation is that as it's almost always the case in these transitions that virtually all the property people will be carried on and interrupted.
Debra Cafaro: That more to follow, I think that that's - what we are trying to do as investors have ask us to do is in some cases where we can give them some early insights into our activities and strategies and where we are doing that in this case provide some early transparency. Certainly happy to disclose more as the pieces come together.
Debra Cafaro: Well, again this is about portfolio existing performance in NOI and about potential performance. And as I mentioned there is a biggest part of this portfolio is nice stable growing cash flows and there is outsized performance portion of the two. So that obviously is attractive both to us, who wants to stay in the portfolio and get the benefit of that and also to a potential partner.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, well, you know currently we're expecting you know maybe another including the Kindred 100 or 150 in the near term.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we continue to evaluate things. I think what's been really good about Ventas is we've had a balanced position over the last couple of years as we have both sort of elevated quality and mix of our portfolio with this SNF spin and dispositions. And we've also found attractive opportunities to grow as I talked about this year will a 1.4 billion and attractive risk adjusted return investment. So we like to again deliver strong cash flows and to take opportunities both to divest as well as to invest. And that's I think where we are right now Karin.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, as we stated it's going to be managed by the new company and importantly the reason for that is we want to enjoy the benefit of the potential outperformance in the future with our ultimate joint venture partner.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, I think your number we may need to talk to offline, they are little high. But the - we would expect to stay in for you know a significant piece for the reason stated.
Debra Cafaro: The other thing I would mention to is that I am sure how Brookdale did it but to the extent that there are manager for others I would guess that there is any expenses incurred there would be to the property owners then not Brookdale.
Debra Cafaro: I am not sure I understand the question. What I will tell you is that we own assets 100%, we own them in joint ventures now, we have assets that are leased, assets that are managed, that's part of you know a diversification strategy. And what we try to do all the time is to customize a structure with the appropriate you know asset type and where is it in the life cycle and so on and so forth. So we think the benefits of what we are intending to do really are diversification of capital sourcing, having another tool for growth, aligning with a new really high quality manager. And we are excited about all that.
Debra Cafaro: And then starts as they reduce obviously effect the forward environment. So that's where you talk about this powerful upside when you have - you are where you are in the occupancy cycle, you have starts ticking down then you have the acceleration of the seniors growth in population and that's where you get this powerful upside I discussed.
Debra Cafaro: The uncrossed assets are very good real estate and interestingly have very, very limited new supply in the market.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Are there any other further questions? Okay, well I want to thank everyone sincerely for your attention today and for your interest in Ventas. I continue to believe we're in a great industry that has tremendous potential even a high quality diverse and resilient portfolio that generate strong cash flow. We continue to see attractive investment opportunities and have access to diversified sources of capital to fund them. And we are super lucky to have a cohesive team at Ventas, who can capitalize on all those things to deliver long term security of performance for you. So thank you again. Look forward to seeing everyone soon.
