Robert Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'll start with an overview of our second quarter office and enterprise results before closing with our outlook for the third quarter. Our office segment, which includes our medical office and research and innovation businesses, performed well in Q2, delivering 3.2% year-on-year same-store growth. Medical office year-on-year quarterly same-store growth was 2.8% led by contractual escalators, strong retention, new leasing and favorable expense controls. MOB occupancy rose 50 basis points from prior year and 10 basis points sequentially. R&I increased quarterly same-store 4.6%, also benefiting from escalators, leasing and higher parking. Same-store occupancy in R&I is a strong 93.2%. We were very pleased with our overall enterprise performance in the second quarter with results top to bottom at the higher end or better of our guidance range. Notably, we delivered FFO of $0.72 per share, which is at the higher end of our guidance range of $0.69 to $0.73. And that result was led by SHOP, where cash NOI grew nearly 9% year-over-year, as Justin described, with occupancy revenue and NOI where we called it a quarter ago despite a challenging backdrop. When combined with strong performance in office and triple net, total property same-store NOI increased 3.5% year-over-year, above the high end of our guidance range. Our performance trajectory and proactive steps to deliver results are being recognized. For example, all three rating agencies have made positive ratings moves in the last month to BBB+ stable, and 20 of our lending relationships provided a $500 million five-year term loan refinancing and upsizing the prior term loan at better pricing. We're very pleased that we took smart steps to enhance our portfolio quality and to reduce near-term debt, extend maturities prior to the run-up in rates and now have 89% fixed rate debt. Debt duration exceeds six years. Our average cost of debt is 3.5%. We have limited near-term maturities and robust liquidity of $2.5 billion.  In terms of Q3 guidance, we expect net income to range from $0.04 to $0.09 per fully diluted share. Q3 normalized FFO is expected to range from $0.73 to $0.78 per share. The bridge from Q2 FFO per share of $0.72 to $0.76 at our Q3 midpoint is as follows: a net increase of $0.03 from $0.05 of HHS grants received in July, less $0.02 from higher interest rates on our floating rate debt and a stronger U.S. dollar; plus $0.01 of property growth led by the opening of the Drexel R&I development Debbie described earlier. A note: to enhance comparability, we now present SHOP same-store and cash NOI results excluding the benefit of HHS grants received in all periods. Let's drill into the SHOP assumptions for Q3. We expect SHOP cash NOI to grow in the range of 9% to 15% year-over-year or 12% at the midpoint, which represents an acceleration from the 9% year-over-year NOI growth posted in the second quarter. Revenue is forecast to grow 8% at the midpoint led by occupancy increasing 250 basis points to 300 basis points as well as through improving rates. Despite continuing broad inflationary expense pressure, our NOI guidance growth of 12% at the midpoint implies margin expansion. Our SHOP Q3 revenue is expected to grow sequentially led by average occupancy, which is forecast to increase 100 basis points versus the Q2 average and incorporates a continuation of positive occupancy growth trends observed in July. This revenue growth is effectively offset by sequential operating expense increases in Q3, notably including broad inflationary pressure and an extra day in the quarter. Therefore, SHOP cash NOI, though ahead of seasonal patterns, is effectively flat. Final Q3 guidance assumptions include no new unannounced material acquisitions or capital markets activities and 404 million fully diluted shares. For more information on our guidance assumptions, I would direct you to the business update deck posted to our website. To echo Debbie's comments, I'm excited to have BJ Grant on the Ventas team. BJ has hit the ground running, and the improved and streamlined supplemental package posted as part of Q2 earnings is the latest evidence of the IR enhancements that are underway at Ventas. To close, we believe we are in an advantaged position in the dynamic macroeconomic backdrop with the portfolio and the team to deliver sustained value creation. That concludes our prepared remarks. Before we start with Q&A, we ask each caller to state one question to be respectful to everyone on the line. With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Robert Probst: Yes, I'll take that one, Juan. First off, we were really pleased to see all three agencies take that positive rating action to BBB+. And really, the predicate of that across the board was the trends we're seeing in senior housing. And you'll know the fact that we've been above the range due to COVID. It's the impact on SHOP NOI and the recovery, therefore, of the NOI has been -- continues to be the key to get back in the range. In the meantime, we've been doing smart things along the way. I mentioned asset dispositions to upgrade the portfolio, reducing near-term debt as an example. We continue to do those types of things depending on market conditions. But fundamentally, the predicate of getting back into that range is SHOP NOI growth. 
Robert Probst: Well, the short answer is, yes, we do feel across the portfolio with different drivers, non-correlated drivers of demand and growth that we will see portfolio, cash flow growth and NOI growth, FFO and FAD to your point. Not giving you a forecast, of course, on timing and slope. But absolutely, that is the portfolio view. The organic growth opportunity is better than I've seen in my eight years at Ventas, and I think some time before that, and so growing reliable cash flows certainly is the projection.
Robert Probst: Yes, Michael, I'd say the spot in the average are pretty close to each other. So yes, we had a nice end of the second, but hope for the same in the third. So average is a good proxy.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So I'll just reinforce a few of those positives first. So the one thing I mentioned is that 16 of the last 17 months we've had positive net move-ins. Our year-over-year comparison has been really strong. In fact, in the U.S., in the second quarter, it was 470 basis points year-over-year. We're expecting that to be 320 year-over-year in the third quarter. Canada, by the way, was 250 year-over-year in the second. We're expecting that to be 200 year-over-year in the third. One thing I'll mention is that the sequential growth is expected to be 100 basis points. We were 70 basis points in the last quarter, so we do have some sequential occupancy growth as well. But everything has been pointing up, and we're certainly benefiting from that, and we have a lot of upside ahead of us over time.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. So yes, Canada, first of all, it's 94% occupied. It's a very stable, strong, consistent performer for us. It did have growth in the second quarter. Just to break down the guidance that Bob gave, Canada in the third quarter is expected to have cash NOI growth of between 2% and 5%. And that includes revenue year-over-year 6%, and I mentioned already 200 basis points of occupancy on a year-over-year basis. And so we're anticipating growth in Canada. They've had -- we've had not a lot of activity that was COVID-related in the second quarter. But where we did have it, some restrictions on move-ins, it was disproportionately affecting Canada. And then meanwhile, the U.S. is really the growth engine, where our cash NOI is expected to grow between 13% and 21% in the third quarter, revenue 9% year-over-year and 320 basis points of occupancy. So really strong, stable performer in Canada, growth engine in the U.S.
Justin Hutchens: So as it pertains to care, we are seeing the actual care rate that's charged has been raised 10%, and that is a huge step in the direction of keeping up with inflation. The other thing that occurs is I'm sure you know is that as resident at on place and their needs grow, we'll have we'll have care charges increase in conjunction with resident needs, which helps to pay for the labor required to take care of residents. And so this is the -- it's really the highest we've seen in terms of care charge increases. That can happen more than one time a year. They tend to only happen one time a year, but there's -- it was encouraging to see the execution on care prices on top of the strong in-house rent increases, plus The Street rates are growing as well.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. That's -- it's a good observation, Rich. There's a couple of hundred communities that are in that kind of non-same-store category. They have some unique characteristics. One is that they're lower occupied. So they run below the rest of the pool, kind of mid-70-ish. They have more upside therefore. They also have been growing faster. They had double-digit sequential growth Q1 to Q2. So the performance is good, and we do expect that pool to grow and be a big contributor to that U.S. growth engine that I mentioned.
Justin Hutchens: So this is Justin. So first of all, yes, the trend has been great, particularly the re-leasing spread trend. You might remember that even before the pandemic, that was typically a negative number around kind of mid-single digit negative. We're doing much better than that now. That really helps demonstrate the demand at the doorstep and the pricing power and see that number actually -- we're showing the second quarter on the slide you mentioned, but it was almost flat in June. It was -- that's really encouraging. We do have groups of communities that are positive already from a re-leasing spread standpoint. And that's certainly possible, but there's always going to be a consideration around price and volume that will come over time. So this doesn't necessarily -- it's not necessarily going to look like walking up a set of stairs. There could be some movement in the trend. And then on care, that's really -- it's just another form of pricing. The in-house rent increases really gave confidence around the pricing power. The re-leasing spread helped as well, and care is an important component in the assisted living business. So that’s an area that gets focused as well in terms of pricing. And the -- really the goal and opportunity is really just to keep a differential eventually between that revenue increase and that expense increase and drive the NOI growth and doing that in a way that's taking the best possible care of people.
Justin Hutchens: Well, I guess the way I would frame it is it's a function of supply and demand. We've had -- it's not just kind of a recent phenomenon that we've been experiencing these new movements. It's been happening for last 16 or 17 months. If there was some pent-up demand, I think I would point to the early part of '21 where we had a pop when vaccines were executed and April stands out, for instance. But I think what we're seeing overall is just really strong demand fundamentals. And like I mentioned, it's growing, and we have even more growth ahead of us in next year and beyond. So we're well positioned. We're playing into it. Our portfolio has been significantly outperforming the overall NIC data, the sector data that the NIC industry puts out. So we're growing and we're growing at a pace we haven't seen before.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So the occupancy is really just a function of the going in occupancy. So when I say that, I mean leading heading into the pandemic period, it was running lower already. We have higher absolute occupancy in our SHOP portfolio. The triple net portfolio is obviously a little lower occupied. It's carried a little bit more expense as well. But the kind of the credit situation and the stability of the cash flows have improved dramatically. We've put a lot of effort in over the last 1.5 years to improve our position with those leases. And we mentioned last quarter some COVID cleanup, that's occurred now. So if the trajectory of the sector continues in a positive way, we expect the triple-net portfolio to continue to improve and perform well.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So I mean one thing we do watch is consumer sentiment. It's something we keep an eye on because although it's not usually strongly correlated to senior housing because senior housing is more needs-driven, it's something that maybe could have impact on the fringes. The growth we've experienced has been pretty consistent. We've had very consistent lead and move-in activity. We've also been relatively low, which is obviously helpful and supportive of net move-ins. So right now, I mean we just gave guidance on the third quarter. We're expecting growth, and there's good support for that. And we're always watching all the macro market kind of key indicators. Debbie mentioned a lot of them, and there's others as well. So we'll be mindful of the macro environment.
Justin Hutchens: I know you did. I don't even think we have time to go through at all. I would say on the first part on affordability, I know you know this, but the big opportunity in the sector is price transparency, which we really don't have today. So you'll hear language like price discovery, where we're pushing pricing in markets and just testing for resistance. And obviously, this year, there hasn't been much because we're pushing on all fronts. And the affordability really points to that as well. And our operating partners have been just magnificent, I think, in playing into that opportunity and having the confidence to push, and it's an area that we're definitely improving in. And then from an OI standpoint, we definitely do focus on pricing. It's a huge part of the focus even before we called it OI officially. Last fall, we were highly engaged with our operators to plan for the pricing execution that we've seen this year. So it's always a hot topic, and it's a big opportunity for the sector over time as well because it -- we deliver a tremendous service to our residents. It's comprehensive, and it's very valuable. And...
Debra Cafaro: Right, right. The net debt to EBITDA, the EBITDA growth is an important component of getting back in the range.
Debra Cafaro: I mean that's really a macro question. And obviously, we're in a very dynamic macro environment changing by the minute, as we saw with today's jobs trends. I think looking into the third, we do continue to see those inflationary pressures. I think we need to incorporate in policymakers' minds a longer-term view now with the new news today of where we expect to see CPI and wage expectations over the next year. But that is -- the $3.8 million is really a function of the macro. We are doing everything we can. Our operators are doing everything they can to manage that growth, including the net hiring that Justin talked about, which is pretty fundamental.
Debra Cafaro: Well, thanks. Good to talk to you. I would say, yes, you're correct about Le Groupe Maurice. This has been a great investment for us both in terms of the as the existing operating assets that we acquired and then the development pipeline. And you're right, we have grown that at about two to three a year and did announce a new deal. These are really outstanding assets. And one thing we really like about the developments there is that when they open they're already significantly pre-leased, and that's a unique model that's been really effective. In terms of the R&I business, these two new projects are super exciting. We'll continue to fund those. Optimally, I would say, in general, we do get construction financing for 50 to -- 50% to 2/3 of the building. And some of them we do on balance sheet and some of them we do under our Ventas Investment Management platform. And with these new developments, we would expect to optimize that capital structure for the best way we can for Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: These discussions with these major research universities are long processes. The good news is, again, this demand from universities for state-of-the-art lab space is just voracious, and we're able to continue with Wexford to target really this top 5% of research universities. The yields continue to be, I think, very attractive on a risk-adjusted return basis. And we've been successful in delivering projects on time, on budget. And so we have a very good track record there and an ability to modify yield based upon ultimate costs working with those universities. So it's a very good model with significant pre-leasing. And the risk/reward is quite good, which is why we keep doing it. We're lucky that we have this competitive advantage in this business.
Debra Cafaro: And the sequential occupancy projected growth is higher than the second quarter sequential occupancy growth. So we're pleased by that and good year-over-year growth projected in the third.
Debra Cafaro: So that's the definition of a good situation. All right. Thanks, Justin. I think we do have a couple more follow-ons and we can take those before we close.
Debra Cafaro: Well, you've seen from the public hospital operators, all the providers are in a transition period now, I think they are coming out of kind of a COVID period and going into a more normal kind of census and census environment and acuity environment. So as wage pressures abate, I think you'll see improvement there and volumes continue to increase. Certainly, higher employment there is beneficial to the acute care business. So that's positive. They just got a rate increase, obviously, that will take effect October 1. And then in post-acute, I think you're also sort of starting to see some normalization in both the volumes and the beginning of some normalization in wages, but a long way to go there. And that's going to take more time, I would say, than in the hospital business, which is always at the top of the food chain.
Debra Cafaro: And as I mentioned, for example, in Miami, we've already backfilled [80,000] feet immediately at higher rates. So Pete's done a great job on that, and thanks for the question.  Is that it? All right. Well, I want to thank everyone for your time and attention for your interest in the company. We're all here and ready and committed to continue delivering value. We know it's a dynamic environment, but we're excited about the future. So thank you very much.
