Debra Cafaro: I guess you've been listening with the whole diverse high-quality productive portfolios, senior housing and healthcare assets, because what we're trying to do in order to deliver total return, as you know, we want to deliver good consistent internal growth, powerful, external growth and then manage risk. And the diversification, really, is part of both of those sides to the equation. So you're right with all your statistics in terms of what we look like pro forma for Atria, we're very excited that 60% of our cash flows are going to be coming from high-end private pay seniors housing. At a good point, we believe in the economic recovery and the cycle. As we look forward, I think you will continue to see us grow, and when we look at diversification, we're looking by tenant operator, by geography, by revenue and payor source et cetera, and by operating model, i.e. triple-net lease versus higher growth management kind of deals. So I think you'll see us really invest across the spectrum. I think you'll see us continue to be willing to invest selectively, very selectively, in high-quality post-acute assets. But I think you'll see more of our activities on the seniors housing and medical office building front. And those will be on seniors housing, I think some combination of operating and triple-net lease.
Debra Cafaro: The truth is that in senior housing and in post-acute and in medial office, there's a tremendous dynamism that's going on from integration, consolidation among operators and providers, changing investment rules with REIT. And this is probably the most dynamic sector, really, within real estate, which is exciting for us, because I think it creates opportunities to expand and to create value for stakeholders.
Debra Cafaro: One thing I would say is that Kindred is really continuing to improve, and as we've predicted, I think, be really a winner in the sort of post-acute phase, as we look forward towards healthcare reform and just changing landscape as it always is in healthcare. So we're very happy for them, and we're happy for us as well. We have really the best structure with our pooled multi-facility Master Leases, the best core property level EBITDAR coverage in the nursing home and hospital sector. With the 4% management fee, I think, it's probably about 1.6x EBITDAR coverage. We've got a great quality mix with 70% of the revenue at the asset level coming from Medicare and private pay. So we really like this portfolio. I think as rents go up, and in the past the trailing 12 months we've seen sort of cost containment measures, and so that accounts for some of the modest erosion in coverages. I think, you know that our coverages are always a quarter lagging, because that's when we get the information. And Kindred and the other operators have had a tremendous fourth quarter lead by RUGs-IV among other things. And so I think you'll see that really improve as we incorporate property level fourth quarter results, when we talk to you in the first quarter. So we feel very good about that. I think, Kindred is continuing to invest a tremendous amount of CapEx in the building. We're in frequent communication with them on doing more things together. And so I feel good that because the assets are very profitable to Kindred that we're in a great spot as we look forward with them.
Debra Cafaro: I think, one thing that you may be missing is -- and we're trying to point it out, but it's a little bit complicated. We redid our management contract with Sunrise in December, and there was a retroactive expense reduction in the fourth quarter. And Rick talked about a little bit, that the fourth quarter benefited from about $5 million of reduction in expenses that, really, is in 2010 but for the previous period, and so what I would do if I were you in terms of looking at annualizing the fourth, I would take that out of -- I'd take that out and then annualize. Look, as we've said, if you take the -- also, this is even more confusing, but still important. We also got $5 million cash payments in the second and third quarters of 2010 for prior years. And if you take that out as the full year of 2010, the midpoint of our guidance for 2011 is 3.5%. So if we end up in the top half of our 2011 guidance, I think, you're looking at 3.5% to 5%-ish growth in NOI, which we think is good.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think, that, again, as you mentioned, there are no issues, but we're -- and it's proceeding according to plan, but we don't control the state licensing authorities or their timetable. And so we're just dependent on that, and we're pushing to close as early as possible and working at every day, every week with Atria. We feel confident about the first half, but I think, we'll just have to stick with that until we get a little bit more visibility from the licensing authorities, Jerry.
Debra Cafaro: It does affect it. A month, does affect it $0.01 or so either way, so that's part of the explanation of the range.
Debra Cafaro: Medicare, Medicaid. Look, I mean, I think, you're seeing the positive impacts of RUGs-IV on the nursing home providers in the fourth quarter, which is good. I think, we always try to collar the good and the bad in terms of Medicare reimbursement. It's tends to stay in the range that is acceptable, but it kind of goes up and down every year. And we feel great about where our Kindred assets are. We're glad that there's a little positive lift from RUGs-IV. And I think Medicare, generally, is going to stay in a pretty acceptable range, as far as our position as the landlord and the assets that we have. And on the Medicaid front, I think, there's a little bit more question, which is why we feel good about having the 70% quality mix. But at the end of the day, it doesn't have a major impact. On our coverage, it's really one way or another. And we're sort of expecting Medicaid to be kind of negative one to positive one. So I think we're in great shape on that.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think that, often, in real estate, the interest rate environment and other things do have an effect albeit lagging on kind of what sellers sell for and buyers buy for, and that's been a pretty immutable principle for a while. I would say that over last year and even over the last six months, there's been increased valuations, and that was partly why we were willing to really go hard after Atria, which we believe is a really high-end asset that we bought at attractive valuation. I think current market conditions are really proving that out, and so I think there has been a little bit of cap rate compression over the last even six months period of time. And we continue to try to look for good risk-adjusted, unlevered returns, kind of with an eye on our cost of capital with a conservative kind of capital structure.
Debra Cafaro: And again, remember that Atria has already redeveloped a number of these assets. They came on for a partial year, say in 2010, and so they'll really have high growth rates in '11. And then there were other assets, the eight that sort of just came on, that we should see higher growth rate in. So this is embedded kind of within the portfolio that we're acquiring.
Debra Cafaro: I think it's a good stable asset class, and I think we'll be able to drive growth through the scalable platform, that's kind of the thesis on the investment.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, definitely. I think, we've modeled that in as a receipt in the first half, assuming that the whole Manor Care debt piece gets paid off. And that's $112-ish million, I think.
Debra Cafaro: Well, one thing that we have really pounded the table on for a long time is that these cash flows from very well covered, well structured, sort of top of the capital structure, Master Lease rents should get a lower cap rate, if you will, lower discount rate, higher valuation. And again, there's a lot of different nursing homes as you know and a lot of different operators and a lot of different structures. And so in some ways, I think the enhanced pricing on nursing home asset is something that we welcome and support and have been a proponent of for a long period of time. So that's to the good side. I think we continue to take a very kind of strict underwriting view towards coverages and structure and everything like that on nursing homes, because as we know, the changes in Medicare and Medicaid over time do create some significant ebbs and flows in operator cash flow, and we always want to know that our rents are money-good and very collectible and that our tenant is very creditworthy. And so in our mind, the valuation for the right kind of assets, fine. But asset valuation, you really need to get great assets. They need to be very carefully underwritten. It needs to be a great operator. And you need to have a very tight structure. And so that's how we look at the business, and it served us very well for a long period of time.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think that -- as you know, we sort of started this management structure when we acquired Sunrise in 2007. And to directly answer your question, the sale-leaseback business is alive and well. And we're looking at some transactions like that, and we're looking at some transactions that would be more in the management structure. I think, each deal has to kind of stand on its own, each seller has its own objective. And we have our own objective. For us, it's not an accident that these sort of Atria and Sunrise, very high-quality assets, which we've said, and I hope you didn't miss that, we believe deserve a multi-family valuation. It's no accident that so far the assets and the operators and the markets that we have in our management structure, because we believe they provide higher long-term growth and lower downside risk. And that's where you want to do a management contract. A difference, for example, for skilled nursing, where I think, you would want to do a triple-net lease and some other kinds of senior living assets and some other kinds of operators. You'd want to do a triple-net lease deal. So I think each transaction has to stand on its own. I think it's great that we have different structuring arrows in our quiver and can continue to provide customized solutions for our operating partners. And that creates, I think, more opportunity and more deal flow, and that's I think, partly why, again, we're poised to continue to expand. I think, having these different options help deal flow and transaction activity, because there's more ways to make the lines cross and provide solutions that work for both parties.
Debra Cafaro: We couldn't argue with the methodology that took recurring CapEx into account in the business. I think you'd have to compare, for example, in the case of Atria, the CapEx that would be similar to a portfolio in New York or Boston or things like that and then do the computations, I think you would still find that the senior housing has a higher cap rate, i.e. lower valuation. And I think over time, you will see those potentially converge, because the trends are very strong, the asset quality's very strong, the demographic demand is excellent. And so I can see those cap rates converging over time, admittedly, taking CapEx into account.
Debra Cafaro: Again, we're going to have the three entry quarter percent management fee in 2011. And then we have a structure where the management fee would be between 5% and 7% in 2012, depending on where portfolio performance is on the NOI line. And I think what you'll see is it depends, I mean, if the portfolio is occupied at 95% in 2012, I think you'll see perhaps some but very limited margin contraction year-over-year. But at that point, and if not, you'd see a little bit more margin contraction, obviously, as you move the 3.75% management fee to 5%, you lose a little bit on the NOI line. But we're really looking for ultimately is continued demographically-driven, strong, demand for these assets with rate increases and increasing NOI. And we feel good about that long-term projection.
Debra Cafaro: That's a good question, because when we bought the 96 Lillibridge assets, there's the wholly-owned portfolio that Todd mentioned, being 95% or thereabout occupied. And then we own 5% and 20% of a portfolio, and we're the managing partner of that, where pension fund capital owns the balance. And we have the right of first offer on the balance of that portfolio. And over time, I think, it could generally be assumed that these are limited life investments. We're very happy to have them as our partner now. But over time, if they choose to divest, I believe we would be the appropriate counterparty for consolidation.
Debra Cafaro: Remember when you were pitching and the umpire said "We call them like we see them." And I would tell you that we are doing the same with respect to both our Atria acquisition and our Sunrise projections. I think, we, really, are giving you our best view as to what the portfolios will deliver. And again, at the midpoint it's 3.5% growth, if you take out the $5 million of cash payments we got in '10 that related to prior years. And we are working with Sunrise, as Ray said, to really try to drive that higher, but we don't want to commit that it will be higher, because we want to deliver to you consistent reliable projection that we think, again, with our guidance, worth at 7.5% per share FFO growth, that's pretty outstanding, I would say. And we're calling it like we see it. We think Atria has higher growth. Maybe we'll be growing in both fronts and Atria will be a little less and Sunrise will be a little bit more. But right now, we think the Atria's in the high single digits for the reasons that Ray articulated. And we think Sunrise at the midpoint about 3.5%, and we'll work our Asset Management department to death talking to Sunrise to try to drive that number higher. Right now, that's where we see it.
Debra Cafaro: This is important question, I think that we think a lot about. And what we're trying to do that to really about portfolio management and creating a diversified; and again diversified by business model, by geography, by payor source, by operator; a diversified portfolio that will deliver consistent performance over long periods of time and in different cycles, because the cash flows come from different sources from different people and maybe some are more granular and have higher growth in an economic recovery and lower growth in a recession as you point out. I think we have confidence in assets that we put in a management structure with Atria and Sunrise. We do think the fundamentals in seniors housing are positive in the near and intermediate term, because there's very limited supply, and there is growing demand. We think they're great operators with the ability to give us good public company reporting information, good data, so we feel really good about that. But the key point is that overall, we're creating a high-quality, balanced portfolio that's going to have growth from triple-net contractual escalation, and hopefully higher growth from this management deals with Sunrise and Atria. And we'll be able to perform and do well in all environment. That's what we're trying to create. I think we're not trying to go all one way or all another way. I would remind you relative to your stated worry that I think we are in a good time in the cycle. And I really think you need to think about the fact that you love multi-family, multi-family is an all-variable business and again, commands a very high valuation, despite the fact that it ebbs and flows with economic cycle. So I think, we feel good about the balance that we're creating, we good feel good about the high-quality assets that the own and that we're trying to acquire and the structures that we're putting them in as well as the operators. And hopefully, we'll be able to maintain that balance, and as we see it, as we see where we are in the cycle with the different kinds of asset types and continue to drive value through that portfolio management.
Debra Cafaro: But when you say that, that over 85 population is the fastest-growing. Both are very demographically-driven that over 85 is the fastest-growing segment of the population, and there's limited supply. So they're fragile people and individuals in house potentially but the...
Debra Cafaro: And just before we close this topic, I just want to add one thing. If you look at the performance for the Sunrise portfolio through the financial crisis, the recession and Sunrise's corporate challenges, the variability of the NOI was about $10 million or so in a given year. Our current NOI is about 708 in the denominator and with Atria would  be maybe closer to 900. So if that variability is in -- if it continues to be in that range of variability for Sunrise and maybe a similar range for Atria, we're really talking about a very manageable variation in annual cash flows at Ventas. And again that's what we're trying to create, which is an entity that can deliver good performance in different kinds of environments, growth-year environments and more challenging environments.
Debra Cafaro: I think we really have a good -- and I give a lot of credit to Paul Diaz for this very excellent working relationship and partnership with Kindred now. And one of the benefits, honestly, of growing Ventas is that we will have the opportunity to do business with Kindred. And I know that Kindred trusts us to deliver for them. And I would hope that in a larger scale that we have, that we do have more opportunities to do business together because of that relationship of trust that has developed between us.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you, Angela. Look, if you can tell from all of our comments, we're tremendously excited about the future here at Ventas and the landscape in the Healthcare and Senior Housing business. I really believe that the sector is the most dynamic in all of real estate, with the large and growing highly-fragmented business, growing demand from the over 85 population and baby boomers, consolidation among those asset owners and operators, integration of post-acute care, healthcare reform, the need for increased capital sources among both healthcare systems and senior housing care providers as well as the evolving investment rules on the healthcare REIT front. This environment is very compelling for us, because if we are right about having cost of capital advantages, experience, resources and the right team, I think, we can really make the most of this external environment and create long-term benefits for all of our stakeholders. So we really appreciate your participation today. We thank you for your support, and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
Raymond Lewis: Michael this is Ray. I'd just add to Debbie's comments by saying, I think, right now, in the marketplace, we're seeing the most activity in the seniors housing space and to a little bit lesser extent in the skilled nursing area. I think as we look at sort of trends in the medical office building sector and the consolidation that's really starting to ramp up on the hospital side, we could start to see that business accelerate as the year plays out. So I think our three asset classes should provide us with opportunities in sufficient quantity to be very active.
Raymond Lewis: I think when you back out the things that Debbie talked about, expenses have been pretty consistent and pretty stable, nothing unusual.
Raymond Lewis: Jerry, I think it's both. I mean, we're seeing some large opportunities that exist out there both in the seniors housing and the post-acute area. So I think there will continue to be some bigger transactions, some bigger fish to go after. And then we're seeing a fairly active pipeline of what I'll call middle-sized opportunities between say $300 million and $600 million portfolios. And then there's still a pretty consistent flow of smaller single and two- to three-property portfolios that continue to come in. So the positive trends in our industry, the availability of capital to the healthcare REITs has I think kept deal flow pretty strong across the board.
Raymond Lewis: Well, I think what I was suggesting was the trend towards consolidation in the hospital space could create opportunities for us to acquire hospital-related real estate, which in most circumstances, woudld be medical office building, but could also extend to the core hospital itself. I think that's a rarer circumstance, but certainly, could be an outcome of that trend.
Raymond Lewis: Jay, the Atria portfolio and the Sunrise portfolio are a little bit different animals along several parameters. I think Atria is more of an independent living portfolio, Sunrise is more of an assisted-living portfolio. So they're sort of going through the recovery at different stages in the cycle. The need-driven assets tended to recover a little sooner than the Independent living assets, so the occupancies in Sunrise are higher than Atria's occupancies, which give Atria a little bit better growth potential. There are also, I think, different underlying drivers. One of the key benefits of our Atria portfolio is that they're in very high-end markets in coastal locations. There's an opportunity, as we talked about when we announced the transaction, to redevelop a number of these assets to really drive additional rate and occupancy growth above sort of normal industry standards. And I think when you couple those two factors together, you can get to a growth rate in Atria, that at least in the next couple of years, should pretty well outstrip our Sunrise growth rate.
Raymond Lewis: Certainly, we're very focused with Sunrise in going through our portfolio asset by asset and even unit by unit within each asset to identify which of the properties and which of the units are the most desirable to make sure that we're driving rates on those assets, and so that's a big focus of our asset management team this year. We're hopeful that we can drive above market rate increases in those assets. But remember that the portfolio, as a whole, is coming out of the recession, and as we do that, there will be some residents that have been in for a long time, whose rates have escalated quite a bit that will be rolling off, and we'll be picking up new residents coming in. So that will potentially have a dampening effect on the amount that we can drive growth, even in a rising occupancy environment, but that should be temporary.
Raymond Lewis: And Dustin (sic) [Ross], obviously, I'll just add to that from the operators' perspective, I think, different operators will value different things in a particular transaction. Some people really want to capture the upside. For them a lease transaction's an ideal solution for that. And some people just want to generate stable fees. And for them perhaps the management structure is more attractive. And I've always said to operators, when I sit down with them, I talk about different capital structure alternatives for them, they should have a little bit of all. They should have some assets they own, they should have some asset that they lease, and they should have some assets that they manage, because that gives the most balance and flexible capital structure, and I think that's how most of the operators are trying to approach it.
Raymond Lewis: It hasn't changed. I think we said that, that's an area of interest to us. We believe it has a place in a healthcare REIT portfolio. We have looked at a number of different opportunities, but we're still trying to identify the right partners and entry point into that space.
Raymond Lewis: Jim, let me just clarify, with respect to stable, I was referring to the Sunrise portfolio margins. And yes, I think the way that you're thinking about it is right if you backed out the one-time items. What we're looking for going forward would be a stable margin off of that rate.
Raymond Lewis: Bryan, I think, as we look at the expenses, I mean, there are a number of things that potentially could be increasing this year. Utilities and food come to mind as potential expense drivers. But I think we're sort of looking at a 4%-ish year-over-year expense increase, not entirely inconsistent with what we've seen historically.
Raymond Lewis: There's a couple of points, I think, Rich, I'd like to add to what Debbie said. One, we've been very careful as we constructed our portfolio to select assets that are in higher-barriered entry, in-fill locations, in major metro areas. So our RIDEA portfolio is constructed around that profile. The second point, I think, is that there really hasn't been very much new construction in the seniors housing space. There's not a lot of available capital for it at the moment, so at least in the near term, to get that stuff started, to get it out of the ground and open and start loosing up, we are a ways off from that, even if it we're to start today, and there's really no signs of it starting today or any capital available to really do it at any scale. So I think that's why we are comfortable with being where we are in the portfolio at this moment in time. And as Debbie said, we're constantly monitoring the market conditions and adjusting our portfolio as we grow and diversify.
Richard Anderson: Question on the idea and kind of a conceptual one that I kind of come back to almost every quarter. But I assume you wouldn't have wanted to be tied up with the RIDEA structure and say 2000 and 2001, when the assisted living business went to heck. And that's kind of what I'm worried about with all these, and I'm kind of wondering how you feel about RIDEA, not so much for now, when things are going well, but for the next 10 years, when you can have overbuilding and assisted-living and we could have problems while the pool potential residents is kind of much smaller than it is for multifamily. And so, I just wanted that comment, if you could comment on that for me.
Richard Anderson: I think the population of potential residents for senior housing that was a bit more fragile than it is for multi-family...
Richard Anderson: It does, but, still you're going to be close to 40% RIDEA when Atria's done. And if today we were to have the problems in 2000 again, that would really hurt you guys. That's a big number 40%. And that's my only point. I'm not saying it's going to be...
