Justin Hutchens: Thanks, Debbie. I'll start by mentioning the encouraging trends we continue to see in our shop portfolio. We are pleased to have had our first net positive move in month since the start of the pandemic in October and a majority of our portfolios delivering move ins at levels that are equal to or more than typical levels across the U.S. and Canada. The underlying demand for need driven senior housing in the U.S. and independent living services in Canada persists. While we are encouraged about these positive trends, we're mindful that the pandemic causes ongoing uncertainty and choppy waters in the senior housing business. I will also add that in spite of the near-term pressure on the sector, we remain committed to the senior housing business and excited about the supportive underlying supply demand fundamentals that should persist for years to come. Now I will review our third quarter senior housing results in the shop and triple-net portfolio and follow that up with some comments on our latest trends and outlook. First up, the shop, for the quarter, shop results were in line with the company's expectations. Our 395 assets sequential same-store pool comprising over 90% of our shop NOI, posted cash NOI of 109 million which is effectively flat versus the second quarter. Average occupancy was 130 basis points lower sequentially with improving trends inter quarter while RevPOR declined 30 basis points and grew 50 basis points in our U.S. and Canadian operating portfolios respectively. Leading indicators such as leads and movements also saw a consistent and positive trend intra quarter, both in absolute numbers and relative to prior year, highlighting the resilient demand for senior housing. In September leads and move-ins were 85% and 94%, respectively, as compared to the prior year. Third quarter revenue declined 3.6% which was offset entirely by 4.5%, lower operating expenses sequentially, primarily driven by lower COVID related expenses. As a reminder, all COVID-19 impacts including elevated testing, labor, cleaning and supplies costs have been reflected in property operating results. As with last quarter, I'll highlight our Canadian portfolio, which represents 33% of our shop portfolio and demonstrates the benefits of our diversification and a well-orchestrated public health response. The 72 communities within our sequential Q3 same-store pool, including our LGM investment was 93.2% occupied, which compares to an average of 93.7% for the second quarter, outperform in the U.S. on an absolute and relative basis. Same-store cash NOI on a sequential basis grew in Canada by over 10%. Moving on to our triple-net senior housing portfolio, in the third quarter and through October Ventas received all of its expected triple-net senior housing cash rent. Our underlying triple-net senior housing portfolio performance continues to be impacted by COVID-19, which we have been collaboratively addressing with our tenant partners. As a result of our proactive steps to improve coverage through mutually beneficial arrangements with Capital Senior, Holiday, Brookdale and other smaller tenants, our trailing 12 months cash flow coverage for senior housing is 1.4x. We also expect triple-net senior housing tenants will receive CARES Act funding, which will be a positive development. Now I'll address recent trends. As described earlier, demand characteristics supporting senior housing remain solid and leads and move-ins continue to improve since the low point in April and month-over-month in the third quarter. These trends persisted into October as we experienced net positive move-ins helped in part by selective move in incentives. Our operators successful execution of screening, protecting and testing protocols has been supporting a living environment that's more open and more robust than earlier in the pandemic. Currently, 96% of our communities are accepting move-ins. Moving on to our clinical results. As a result of the diligent efforts of our operators executing, testing and preventative protocols new resident COVID-19 cases more than 75% better than the peak seen in April, in spite of broader market trends of increased new infection rates among the U.S. general public. In regards to the Q4 outlook for shop, due to the uncertain environment, it is too hard to predict. However, we would expect occupancy to soften and we would expect expenses to be relatively flat at the current elevated levels as the health and safety of the residents and frontline caregivers is the biggest priority. In summary, we are encouraged by the continued improvement and leading indicators through the third quarter and October and we remain committed to the senior housing business moving forward. We are proud of our operators' efforts in the third quarter to successfully execute COVID-19 related protocols while focusing on the health and safety of frontline caregivers and residents. With that, I'll hand the call to Pete.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I would just add that we're certainly encouraged by the trends, they've been consistently going up in leads and move-ins. We had the net positive month in October that I mentioned. And the contributors to that were operators across the board in the U.S. and in Canada. So the trends are positive but the macro environment is concerning. So, it's difficult to predict the continuation of positive trends in the face of just the increase infections across the broader public in the U.S. And so that's really the biggest driver for our hesitancy to make predictions about continued positive improvements.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So I'll start with Canada, because that's the easy one, Canada has performed really well, their occupancy only dropped 50 basis points sequentially. All three of our Canadian operators contributed to NOI growth in Canada with LGM leading the way with more than with double-digit NOI growth getting 10% overall. So there's less kind of supply/demand dynamics there. And the virus was less impactful. So set Canada aside, then you get into the U.S. and what's been interesting in the U.S., if you look at the performance we've had throughout the pandemic. Early on, the Northeast was impacted because of the prevalence of the virus and we had to add more expense to deal with that from a PPE perspective, and also had an impact on our move out and move in activity. So the Northeast was impacted early. Since then, geographically, as we started to see these improving trends, the improving trends have been relatively equal across all geographies and across the operators for the most part, with some exceptions. But what operators are now facing as they want to continue these trends is some competition. And so in certain markets, and in certain asset classes, operators are starting to use some move-in incentives and in an environment where you have a high fixed cost business that benefits greatly from increased occupancy, you would expect to see that. And that's what we're seeing in the early stages at this point.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. The Battery Park community has been a very strong performer consistently for us before the COVID environment And it's been -- it's now seeing more competition not in its direct market but in the New York Manhattan area, and that competition has entered at a higher price point. So we are positioned within our own price point as an intelligent product, we have a strong history there of solid performance, we expect there to be demand moving forward. It is a community that we've evaluated very closely and we'll continue to consider actions that can be taken to help us to be -- continued to be positioned competitive moving forward.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So, just to back up, the big change that occurred across our portfolio and we've seen this across the sector, throughout the pandemic, really was the operators ability to safely offer a more robust living environment that was a big driver and what the key driver being the residents desire to be able to visit with their relatives once they move in. And also enjoy some amount of amenities that you typically enjoy in senior housing and throughout the pandemic, that's obviously improved. And you can see leads and move-ins and demand has persisted. In the case where there's a vaccine and that the virus is either eliminated or less impactful then you can restore the lifestyle back to where it was pre-pandemic and we would expect that to be very supportive of senior housing and you're doing it at a time when you have your demographics are really supportive, too. I mean, the 75 plus CAGR is going to be 10x that of the remaining population over the next five years. New starts are at nine-year low, deliveries are down by half year-over-year. So there's a lot of support, especially if we can get a vaccine. Now, predicting what that's really going to deliver is nearly impossible. All we can really point to is the moving parts and the lifestyle and the care delivery that residents are accessing and the availability of it. And I think in the post vaccine environment it's very supportive of growth.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I would say that the asset class certainly benefits from ongoing investment. And our portfolio has been well invested over time. And that's important to remain relevant and competitive within our market. And I would expect that to continue. I would also expect to see certain markets that probably benefit from redevelopments or a broader refresh. And we definitely have a list of projects that are under review for -- when we get out of this pandemic, and definitely that the asset class benefits from the CapEx and should continue to moving forward.
Justin Hutchens: I saw that the COVID expenses from Q2 to Q3 went down by about half. But we're still carrying around 15 million of COVID expense. So we're still running at an elevated level. But we do think that the overall expenses sequentially will be flat.
Justin Hutchens: In regards to margin, I'll start with the defense side of the question. If we're in a post pandemic situation, I would expect expenses to normalize. There may be a little bit very small amount of carrying cost per PPE that wasn't used previously, that's proven to be helpful combating the virus, but it's not going to be a material impact. The big help to margin is really going to be the revenue growth as it comes back. And like I said earlier, there's a lot of underlying drivers that support potential revenue growth when we get out of this pandemic. So, this is a very high fixed cost business, when you get occupancies back up into the historical levels of the high 80s and move at certain markets in the 90s margins. Go with it significantly. So, there'll be a recovery period but to expect margins to be somewhat similar to previous levels once we get there.
Bob Probst: Thanks, Pete. I'll touch on our healthcare triple-net lease portfolio before I close with some enterprise level commentary. During the third quarter, our healthcare triple-net assets showed continued strength and resilience as evidenced by receiving 100% of third quarter, October and November from our total healthcare tenants. Further trailing 12 months EBITDARM cash flow coverage for the second quarter of '20, related to the available information improved sequentially for all of our healthcare triple-net asset classes despite COVID-19. Both acute and post-acute providers have had early access to significant government funding to create liquidity and to mitigate losses related to the pandemic. Acute care hospitals trailing 12-month coverage was a strong 3.1x in the second quarter. Nationally hospital inpatient admissions and surgeries continue to rebound in Q3 and third quarter admissions approached over 90% of prior year levels. Arden continues to perform extremely well despite the challenging market conditions and is benefiting from over 90% of its hospitals residing in jurisdictions that are open for elective procedures. Herbs and health tax coverage improved 20 basis points to 1.5x in Q2 on the heels of government funding and significantly improved census. Health tax have increasingly proved their importance in the care continuum, with or without COVID. And finally, within our loan portfolio, our Colony, Holiday and Brookdale loans are all fully current. Turning to our third quarter financial performance, and let me start with Q3 GAAP net income, which includes $0.06 in non-cash charges as a result of COVID impacts. Most notably the write-off of straight-line rents across five tenants, with Genesis being the largest. These tenants are now on a cash basis and represent approximately 50 million of annual cash rent, notwithstanding the write-offs, all these tenants are current, and we will endeavor to collect all our contractual rents going forward. These non-cash charges are excluded from third quarter normalized FFO. We provided additional information in our supplemental on page 34. In terms of normalized FFO per share, we delivered $0.75 in Q3 2020 versus $0.77 in the second quarter. Shop and office NOI were stable sequentially, with the $0.02 reduction in FFO in the third quarter, as compared to the second described by the Brookdale rent reset in the third quarter. In the third quarter, we saw the results of the decisive actions taken earlier in the year to ensure a strong and stable Ventas. These included reducing our corporate cost structure by 25%, resulting in 30 million in annualized SG&A savings in Q3. We are also active in managing our balance sheet and liquidity, including paying down substantially all borrowings under our revolving credit facility, successfully tendering for 236 million of near-term bonds and issuing under our ATM to help fund the South San Francisco investments. Net-net, we feel good about our financial flexibility. Our liquidity is strong at 3.2 billion between available revolver capacity and cash on hand as of November 5. We have limited near-term debt maturities, access to diversified capital sources, strong fixed charge coverage and debt to gross asset value just 37%. To close, we're pleased with our performance in the quarter and the continuing improving trends in senior housing. The entire Ventas team is sharply focused on taking the actions that will enable us to win the recovery when the pandemic is finally behind us. And that concludes our prepared remarks. Before we start with Q&A, we're limiting each caller to one question with one follow-up to be respectful to everyone on the line. Also given the fact that we continue to be remote, I'd ask Debbie to do her Roethlsberger impression and quarterback our QA. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Bob Probst: Right, Steve, just step back a little bit, on the billion dollars transaction, the vast majority of that was 600 million of new equity across the fund and ourselves included newly raised equity. Within that our equity portion, we funded really two ways one through some dispositions of senior housing and second some modest ATM. So ultimately, that was the sources of uses for the deal overall.
Bob Probst: Sure. I think the main point to start with is, the 600 million of equity for that transaction was principally sourced from new third party capital and principally via the fund. So demonstrating the ability to acquire an attractive set of assets, like the San Francisco assets, with partners, through the fund vehicle and that's the main -- the majority source of the fund. Within that Ventas has a portion I mentioned a call it 120 million. We took a balanced approach to that, Jonathan, frankly. Part of that equity was through attractive dispositions. And part of that is through the ATM in small size. And frankly, we have to keep our eye on leverage and think about our risk overall. So a balanced approach, but the majority, of course, of the equity coming from third-party private capital.
Bob Probst: Sure, Jordan. So let's start with the rating agencies, you were in consistent dialogue with the rating agencies, as you would expect. They're an important stakeholder, clearly, for the whole of the sector, ourselves included, there's been a lot of attention paid and rightly so to the senior housing trajectory. And so, the main focus of our conversations with them as it is with you, is what is that trajectory look like? And we've been encouraged, as we said, numerous times by the trends thus far. So that's good. In the meantime, of course, being smart, being prudent, managing the balance sheet appropriately. And demonstrating our commitment to financial strength and flexibility is what we're doing, whether it's accessing third-party capital, selling assets, things like that to make sure we stay in the right zip code. And so that's our approach. At the end of the day, the senior housing recovery is going to be very helpful to the leverage situation. But in the meantime, be smart about how we manage things.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Steve. I'll take that one. I think that, we're very excited about the GIC joint venture. We really believe it's helping us to accelerate our commitment to growing our R&I business and really moving that business forward. Basically, again, we've restarted our Philadelphia development of a significant life science building, we've got these three projects further underway. GIC is a great strategic partner, whether it's with this joint venture or on other potential activities, we're very happy to be partnered with someone of their expertise and quality. And, it gives us a really great way to continue to own a significant portion of those developments and their upside. And move the whole R&I business forward.
Debra Cafaro: Right. Yes. The main point is really, we continue to - we continue to believe in senior housing and think it's an important part of our diversified business model. We definitely are open to recycling capital. The dispositions that I'm talking about are really over a couple hundred million of assets, some of which are sold, some of which are under contract. And those the kind of blended cap rate is around a six.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, that's a great question. And I think we were very focused on again, partnering with a strategic partner. For us, this is much more than just about capital, which we can get in a myriad of ways as you can see, but having that strategic partnership and getting compensated with market-based measures, keeping half of the upside certainly. And then, generating as I mentioned in my remarks, additional income and profit sharing that are market-based. They give us a lot of confidence that we not only have a great partner but we are preserving as much of the upside as we move forward.
Debra Cafaro: I mean, I think, as I said, we believe in the business, the demographic demand is in front of us, the supply is continuing to improve. So we think there's upside there operationally and in terms of the business, we're benefiting, obviously, from some of the government's financial support, available to assisted living communities under the CARES Act, and we're grateful for that. With that, there certainly could be reporting or other requirements that I think would be appropriate about the clinical record and performance of senior housing, which frankly compares incredibly well, overall to the skilled nursing business, and we welcome that transparency.
Debra Cafaro: Good math, I think that's currently Biden's lead in Georgia. Yes, again, it's a balanced approach, we continue to be active across all capital sourcing. And, it's just like the asset side of the balance sheet. We want to stay disciplined, keep in these different markets. And I think you could make a case either way for the ATM in that size, but we decided it was an appropriate way to fund part of that. And the other part is, as Bob mentioned, with the private capital, and then with asset sales.
Debra Cafaro: I'm going to ask Justin to answer that with the overview that of course, we're in a very dynamic environment with the clinical trends nationally and so that's just something to keep in mind as you think about our near-term outlook.
Debra Cafaro: Rich, the asset is a essentially new asset that is, leased up to its current 96% area, in a very short period of time, we really liked the asset. And now I'll turn it over to Pete to talk about why we like to ask that. In terms of the capital, I would say the fund was really designed to be a competitive advantage for us in these really highly sought after trophy assets, where there's a huge amount of capital available to acquire them. But the cap rate is something -- in this case, it's a forward cap rate of five that may not always work perfectly in size, with the public capital markets. And so that's why having these different pools of capital is really advantageous for us as we continue to expand our life science footprint. Now just to say one other thing, I mean, we really have from 2016 just incredibly built out this business to a point where it's about 9 million square feet. And not only do we have presence on over 15 major research campuses that represent, like 10% of all the life science, university research in the nation, just our customers, but also, we've been in Cambridge for a couple years now. And so, we're now in two of the largest life science clusters with both Mass Ave that we acquired a couple years ago and now the South San Francisco investment. So those are some of the more capital answers that I would ask Pete to address why we like the portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Pete. And yes, the tenants in the work that we did, the tenants really liked the location and the characteristics of the building. So that's kind of proving itself out by the occupancy and leasing activity.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning. So, again, in terms of the strategic benefits of this transaction, the stabilized level of cap rates is about seven wins, they're fully leased and developed over time. And as I mentioned, we are keeping 50% of the assets and are generating kind of market based compensation and profit sharing as it relates to the upside.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Great. So I'm going to ask Justin to talk about operations but I just want to remind you that we acquired that asset at below replacement cost. It has been a successful asset in the market for a long time, it's a great physical plant. And in terms of the ground lease reset, we underwrote that quite carefully. And as is always the case, there's a silver lining to everything, and it's quite possible that the current environment and COVID-19 may give us a benefit on the rent reset when it becomes applicable. So Justin, do you want to talk to John about how you see the operations and upside post-COVID in the Battery Park asset in Manhattan.
Debra Cafaro: Good. I mean, again, we've now built this really nice business where the capital flows into life sciences are at record highs and with those record highs of capital flows, also demand for the life science, real estate. So we feel really good about getting in the business. And we feel good about being situated now, both with the universities and in the cluster markets of Cambridge and South San Francisco. Obviously, I mentioned that we really like diversification, we know that COVID is affecting different segments of our portfolio differently, currently, life science, including the university based life sciences in great demand. And the universities, in general, as leaders in research with significant government and other funding have continued to pursue research and developments throughout the pandemic. Clearly, if the pandemic continues at really high levels, there are all sorts of potential consequences to that. But we're looking forward to the fact that, frankly, within our buildings and elsewhere, we're hopeful that a vaccine is going to be developed and distributed that is going to help us coupled with a sound public policy, public health response, so that we will be post-pandemic before the academic year begins in 2021. So that's our base case. And in that case, we continue to like the life science business and we continue to be glad that we're associated with these research leaders at these universities.
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you. Yes. I mean, we are grateful that HHS has understood what a crucial role senior living play is for vulnerable older Americans during this pandemic. And my guess is, it's only a guess, obviously, because we don't even know what the results of the election are yet, but with a moderate democratic president, a democratic house and what will certainly be a closely divided Senate, that will push us toward more consistency in policy, more moderation in policy, more likely to be steady as she goes and that's quite a favorable backdrop for Ventas and hopefully for the country as well.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Okay. I did hear that. Again, we really like the fact that we do have embedded upside in our business from senior housing. In terms of additional investments, we would obviously look at those investments depending on what their characteristics were. And now we have various tools at our disposal to figure out what would be the customized capital source for that type of acquisition. And the fund is really designed to be an open-end vehicle for core and core plus real estate, that's typically low cap rate, highly stable, low leverage assets, including senior housing. So in the case assets fit that profile, they could obviously be suitable for the funds. To the extent they are more value add or opportunistic, those could either be on balance sheet, and/or you could use some other form of private capital for them. Right now, we do have pension fund capital that really likes to do opportunistic, value add, and ground up development in senior housing. So that's another pocket of capital that we've had available for a while, that we could use for those types of opportunities if we wanted to do so.
Debra Cafaro: This is Debbie. Look, we're constantly evaluating our capital sourcing, as we've talked about sort of at length this morning. We're really happy to have a variety of ways to source public and private capital, debt capital. If you'll recall, when we launched our fund in March, we actually seeded it with some stabilized R&I and MOB assets at attractive cap rates, as you know, sits at a significant profit. And as I've mentioned, with respect to the R&I development JV, here, we have a strategic partner, we've retained 50% of the assets. And we also have kind of market-based compensation, that all of which together including our retained interest gives us a significant part of the upside while also managing our financial strength and flexibility in our risk profile. So we feel good about that all on balance. And certainly, we can will consistently evaluate the portfolio for capital recycling opportunities and profit-making opportunities of all types.
Debra Cafaro: Right. I mean, I would just say that, we're very particular about who we would be partners with. GIC is obviously one of the world's leading real estate investors. We have a good relationship with them. We've known them for a long time. And we the optionality or we like having a relationship with them because we certainly in the case of other types of investments or activities, they could be a good strategic partner for us across asset types. If we felt that that was appropriate. So we think establishing a good relationship with them could benefit our entire enterprise and public stakeholders over time.
Debra Cafaro: So that's really a combination of assets that we sold in the third quarter and a portfolio that we have under -- that we have targeted for sale. And they're both triple-net leased assets. And again, you know, very consistent with other market data, and that's based more on sort of current NOI trends in today's environment.
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, let's not talk about that win, it's the right time to do so. I'll be very happy when we're talking about the flu again, and not COVID.
Debra Cafaro: Well, the senior housing is supposed to be a social environment. That's important when we think about the differences between home health and senior housing, but I'm going to turn it over to Justin to take your questions.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Lucas, this is Debbie. That's a very clear answer. So the GIC joint venture is for basically these four projects that are underway, including the UCity development that we started construction on, and we believe that JV again, is going to accelerate our ability to drive this business forward. And there's a handful of identified projects in our pipeline that could go in that JV, full stop. Then, as we talked about, when we launched the open-end fund in March, that is really designed to be able to capture low cap rate, high quality core assets that would be very difficult for Ventas to buy on balance sheet. And at the assist part of the cycle and that's kind of how the segmentation is designed. It gives us lots of options, again, particularly at a time when the public markets may be disrupted as a result of COVID-19. And that creates significant value for our public shareholders and leverages our platform in a very positive way.
Debra Cafaro: Oh, yes. We like that flag. We will share that with you. It's supposed to show our -- the extent of our NOI in different markets, where there is significant new confirmed cases of COVID, which is shown by the backdrop of green, red and yellow. So where are there more and less kind of COVID cases? Where do we have more or less NOI? And importantly, within those geographies, where do we see move in as a percent of prior year. So for example, you can see that in the New York area, the COVID pandemic confirmed cases are lower, New York is green. You can see we have a lot of NOI there because their bubble is large and that the movements are above 75% of our prior year level. So yes, that's, that's kind of -- we really love this map. And I think it gives investors kind of, especially, in the earlier parts of the pandemic, where there was a little bit of -- and it continues to be a little bit of geographical movement of the virus and how that could be affecting the different markets where we have senior housing operating assets. I have to give Justin credit, it was his --Justin's brainchild that I really like it.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And thank you for that question, Sarah, because there is a lot of operating leverage that, will be fairly powerful to the upside off of these occupancy levels as Justin said. When we get to the post-pandemic recovery of senior housing and the demographic demand. So that is the end of our call today. I want to sincerely thank everyone for joining us. And, as always, for your interest in and support of Ventas, we are all here working very hard for you. And we're committed to winning the recovery. Thank you and I hope you stay safe. Bye.
