Raymond Lewis: Thanks, Debbie. Our diversified and productive portfolio of 952 senior housing post acute and hospital triple net lease assets accounts for about half of our NOI and delivered another quarter of strong and stable performance. Cash NOI growth in the triple net same-store pool was 1.6% in the second quarter of 2015 and 3.2% year to date versus the comparable 2014 period. Cash flow coverage in our same-store triple net lease portfolio for the first quarter of 2015, the latest available information, was strong and stable at 1.6 times. Each of our senior housing, skilled nursing and hospital portfolios reported stable trailing 12 months coverage at 1.3 times, 1.8 times and 2.2 times, respectively. The reimbursement environment remains stable. In the first quarter, we told you that CMS has recommended increases of 1.4% for skilled nursing, 1.2% for LTCHs and 1.7% for IRFs. These recommendations are typically finalized in August and we expect increases along these lines to be implemented in October for the 2016 fiscal year. So our high-quality triple net portfolio continues to deliver reliable performance. Next, let me turn to our market-leading Lillibridge MOB business. For the second quarter 2015, NOI in the total consolidated portfolio of 359 properties was $93.2 million, an increase of 35.8% over the second quarter of 2014. Performance was driven by solid same-store results and the addition of 83 properties in January. Occupancy in the total consolidated portfolio was up 80 basis points to 92.5% and margins increased by an exceptional 320 basis points, reflecting the quality of the properties we acquired. Of the 83 newly acquired MOBs, 37 are long-term triple net leased. And of the remaining 46 multitenant buildings, we have insourced management on 37 assets so far and expect to insource five more by year end. So we are excited about the opportunity to implement our operational best practices in these buildings to drive revenue and reduce operating costs. Turning to same-store, the 274 properties in the same-store portfolio delivered year over year cash flow growth of 2.3%. This was driven by an increase in rental rate of 2.1% and strong expense controls, offset by a slight decrease in occupancy. Sequentially, occupancy in the 275 properties same-store pool was up 20 basis points since the first quarter. Looking behind the revenue numbers, we are seeing encouraging trends in the business. Our new leases have longer terms, higher base rental rates and lower tenant improvement commitments than during the last few years. So the MOB portfolio continues to deliver stable and reliable performance and growth. Before turning the call over to Bob, I’d like to provide an update on the spin-off of most of Ventas’ skilled nursing portfolio to Care Capital Properties. As a reminder, CCP is going to have a diversified portfolio of 355 primarily skilled nursing properties with strong coverage, limited near-term maturities and relationships with over 40 operators. We will deliver external growth by investing with quality regional and local skilled nursing operators to consolidate this highly fragmented $120 billion market and grow internally through lease escalations and redevelopment. Our balance sheet will be strong and we will have low leverage to facilitate our external growth. Since we spoke to you last quarter, we've made significant progress on the spin-off. First, I'm extremely pleased to report that we have assembled our independent Board of Directors, with a group of six highly respected leaders in the fields of real estate, finance, and healthcare. Second, we have made significant progress with our bank financing and expect to have $1.4 billion in term loans and $500 million of revolver capacity in place at the time of spin-off. Third, progress with building out the team and infrastructure has been progressing rapidly and I’d like to thank my colleagues at Ventas, many of whom are pulling double duty, for all of their hard work to make this spin-off of CCP a success. Fourth, the CCP team is hitting the ground running and building a pipeline of attractive skilled nursing investment opportunities. We have hired an experienced and well regarded industry investment professional to help us source new investment opportunities and we are actively bidding on deals in our strategic footprint. Finally, we are on track to complete the spin in August, subject to applicable approvals. The new leadership team is looking forward to getting on the road, meeting with investors and sharing the exciting CCP story. With that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Bob.
Raymond Lewis: Nick, Debbie is 100% right. I mean, I think as we’ve said in the past, there are differentiated strategies with respect to acquisitions. We’re going to target the regional and local operators and we've been working with the Ventas team to build a pipeline of those opportunities. So we're going to hit the ground running when we spin-off. But if there were large national operator opportunities as well, I'm sure Debbie and her team would be looking at those opportunities too. So we're proceeding full steam ahead and bucketing the transactions in the appropriate categories for the go forward.
Raymond Lewis: So the UK we talked about which was the Churchgate follow-on from Canford, which I think Debbie walked through, which is we think [indiscernible] between 2% and 5%. That's the follow-on deal with Canford. And a small deal we did in Oregon was with an existing customer, Avamere, which we added to their existing master lease that we have in place and that I forgot the specifics, but it is north of 2%.
Raymond Lewis: So you are right to point out that from anyone quarter to another we may have more or less fee income in that portfolio. And you look at it over a 12-month period, it typically averages out. In this quarter, we actually had a tougher comp last year because of some fees. So that had a little bit of an impact on the growth rate, but again if you look at it year-to-date, we’re at that 3.2% range which is in line with what is expectation for a normalized rate would be.
Raymond Lewis: But our strategy, Juan, is really to back those operators that are consolidating in their local markets, you think about Kindred for instance where they have targeted the cluster markets and they are building out the entire post acute network with home health care, rehab, skilled nursing, LTCHs, and that really positions these operators, whether they are regional operators or national operators, in those markets to line up well with the managed care providers and provide an entire suite of post acute solutions.
Raymond Lewis: I think that's right, Debbie. And so I think you're probably trending towards the upper end of that range, that 7.5% to 9%. These are operators where they have fewer capital alternatives and we’re able to get a little bit better pricing power there. So that's sort of what we're seeing and it still has some really nice positive net investment spreads and that is part of the strategic thesis and the opportunity that we are looking to capitalize on.
Raymond Lewis: I've got my roadshow coming up and I'm going to do my best to tell the story and hopefully the market will recognize what a great company we have.
Debra Cafaro: I’ll turn that over to Ray, after I just say that we are able to purchase any asset and we're working on pipeline opportunities for Care Capital because it is a strong external growth story.
Debra Cafaro: As we've talked about, we love the Ardent investment. We’re excited to close it. All the pieces are falling in place and we believe it will be a platform for growth in the way that Lillibridge in medical office and Atria in senior housing has been. I think in hospitals, there is this huge market and we will have opportunities. And it will be 6% of our NOI when we close and I could see that growing over time 10%, 12%. But we're focused on quality and we want to have hospitals that have leading positions in their markets and in the right markets and have pricing power and sort of growing operations. And that's what Ardent is and we want to continue to go down that path. So we’re very excited about it as you say and I do believe and hope that we will grow.
Debra Cafaro: You’re right on point there. We’ve already sold $600 million of assets this year. And as Bob talked about different clubs in our bag, I’m not a golfer, but I know what that means and that means we have a lot of opportunities to recycle capital as part of this as I spoke about portfolio enhancement as well and capital recycling. And so we’re very confident in our position.
Debra Cafaro: Good. First of all, I'm absolutely enthusiastic that our cost of capital advantage is going to return and that's part of the value creation opportunity that I talked about and the quality of the portfolio that we have. And so I’m excited about that. And as I mentioned, we have managed this company and grown through every possible capital markets reinvestment and economic cycle. And we always find a way at Ventas to deliver value and results. And we do it again and again and again. And so I feel good about our ability, whether it's through capital recycling or other ways to continue to grow and drive value. I think as we said about the hospital deals, we think we’re skating to where the puck is going. We think that's great risk-adjusted return. We are building a new business in an area where we can have an advantage and clearly can be profitable for shareholders. And so I think we’re taking all the right steps to position the company for continued growth.
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, the UK market shares a lot of the characteristics that we talked about in terms of being an attractive international market, which are obviously demographics, policy support for healthcare and seniors, very high and efficient capital markets environment so that you can match fund and effectively hedge your cash flows and a big enough market, addressable market for us to make all the brain damage worth it. And so we obviously have identified the UK. We had our Spire hospital investment which we are very excited about, Spire being the second largest private hospital operator in the UK, publicly traded with over £1 billion equity cap and that's going well. Now, we’ve identified Canford as a partner there in the care homes market. And as I mentioned, we did our first deal with them in January and now did a follow-on deal with them already to help them grow their business. And so we like that market, we believe we will expand there overtime, but obviously it's on a case by case basis and we've established some good footprints there and we hope to grow those.
Debra Cafaro: In terms of funding Ardent, we’ve raised $0.5 billion in bonds and we also have a five-year bank loan. And as Bob mentioned, we raised $100 million in equity during and after the quarter in terms of our ATM. So we've got that funding in place, but as we go forward, again, we have talked about a modest amount of additional asset sales and so on as part of our capital recycling and portfolio enhancement initiatives.
Debra Cafaro: It's important to note that EGI, which for those of you who don't know, is the private equity firm founded and run by Sam Zell. 70% of EGI’s investments are in non-real estate businesses. And they have an impressive and extensive track record of investing success across a wide variety of industries, including energy and healthcare. And so they are the equity sponsor of Ardent OpCo, our tenant. And of course, we will be partners then in helping the OpCo grow, but we are the real property partner and we will own all the real estate at the closing and presumably participate in owning additional real estate as Ardent identifies additional acquisition opportunities. And EGI will be the equity sponsor on the operating company side.
Debra Cafaro: We are clearly the best owner of the real estate as a public company, just like EQR is the best owner of apartments on the real estate side and so I think the interest really there in Ardent is in the tenant operator.
Debra Cafaro: Not cash flow negative, just not income producing. It was an infinite return, but we didn't have that little sideways 8 on our typewriter.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, the Churchgate, as can be typical in the UK, is longer and the Avamere one I'm guessing is at least 10 years.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think, again good question, dividend growth is an important part of our value proposition and again we are very proud of our track record of 9% dividend growth for the last 10 years. What we’ve said is on a combined basis after the spin that the combined dividend will go up by at least 10%. We've said in the Form 10 for CCP that the expectation is that there will be 75%, 76% of FFO targeted, normalized FFO targeted as the dividend payout ratio. Bob mentioned our current is about 67% and so there is room for growth there and we’ve hovered in and around that 70%-ish plus or minus overtime at Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: I’m going to ask Bob to comment in greater detail, but I think the important thing to lead us with is also that the demand side is growing. And the demand side is growing inexorably through the demographics and the fact that over 85 population is the fastest-growing part of the US population and within that Alzheimer's unfortunately and dementia care are two of the growing subsegments of the care that we provide. And so I think it's very important to think about the demand side and balance that as you look at the supply side. And I would turn it over to Bob to talk about the supply question.
Debra Cafaro: Very interesting question. For all the real estate people on the call, I would just tell you healthcare is so exciting and we are so lucky to be in at the crossroads of real estate and healthcare. So whether it’s the managed care mania that you're seeing with a lot of consolidation there, vertical integration with United and Catamaran PBM, whether it's CVS buying Omnicare which are two different businesses or hospital consolidation as we’ve talked about, it is such a dynamic time to be in healthcare. And that's part of what is so exciting. In terms of the specific question you asked and I’ll get off my soapbox is that when we talk about what kind of hospitals we want to invest in, we talk about quality and we talk about why is Ardent a great portfolio. And in that case, it is more of an analysis of dominant market position which is what Ardent has in areas that have good employment profiles, good demographic profiles, et cetera. And so because Ardent has that dominant market position, we feel very confident in their continued ability to drive pricing and volumes.
Debra Cafaro: I would say that Medicare Advantage continues to be a bigger part of the skilled nursing and post acute world. And the successful operators will be the ones who are able to manage into what will be a shorter length of stay, but by showing that they can deliver outcomes that are attractive to managed care providers and therefore increase the pipeline of patients that come from managed Medicare, because those are still very attractive patients for the providers.
Debra Cafaro: First of all, my mother told me never to believe everything you read in the paper. So I’ll start with that. And we do have – look, we don't comment obviously on field rumors as a matter of policy. We have a very small part of our portfolio that is a loan portfolio, as Bob talked about, and we use that sparingly. And we are very focused on being an equity REIT and building the kind of business that we've had consistent with our strategy and really focused on the these value creating activities with Ardent and CCP and that's where our focus is.
Debra Cafaro: Derek, part of what you have to remember is that the pro forma and so you’ve got adjustments being made for example that you have the acquisitions that were made in the beginning of the year and pro forming those versus other changes that are made. So I don't know that that's really a good run rate, but there is, as well, some G&A synergies that are in there.
Debra Cafaro: The real property market continues to be firm; people are attracted to our assets for the reliability and growth in cash flow that they have provided, the base nature of the assets. And so from a cap rate standpoint, I would say cap rates have stayed relatively consistent with what we've seen in the past where high-quality senior housing and medical office is in the 5.5% to 6%, and even in some cases a B portfolio could be in that range if it has other attractive characteristics. And in terms of skilled nursing and post acute, really it's in that 6% to 9% range, depending on what it is and the credit and structure and so on.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I think we believe that the hospital segment is $1 trillion annual revenue market that is highly fragmented. It is rapidly consolidating and there aren’t enough of quality assets in public hands like ours. So that's the basic thesis of the investment.
Debra Cafaro: And on the monetization, I believe we are as well positioned as anyone with our 400 plus clients to take advantage of increased monetization that may occur. And so that's good. And we will continue to mine that as Todd has done for a long time.
Debra Cafaro: I think our jobs as managers and as boards obviously are to be thoughtful stewards of shareholder capital. And over time that means as we have done and created a lot of value by growing and diversifying and building a high-quality portfolio, there may be times in the market where other strategies are appropriate such as dividend increases, et cetera. And basically our job is to make sure that we are pulling the levers that are appropriate at a given point in time to maximize shareholder value and maintain a good strategy and a high-quality company that can continue to deliver over and over, as I said it's the hallmark of Ventas. I think we have one more, so with that we’ll clean up.
Debra Cafaro: They are very experienced long-standing operators of senior housing in the UK. And we believe we can continue to potentially grow with them. Over time, I think they've managed over 70 homes during the last 20 years. They are very experienced.
Debra Cafaro: Well, that was a good cleanup. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today and as always for your interest in our company. We really appreciate your support and your interest and look forward to seeing you again soon. Thank you.
Robert Probst: You're absolutely right. There is certainly a plan for CCP to raise its own debt and that's gone very well as we discussed in our prepared remarks and then distribute that to Ventas. We will use that to reduce near-term maturities, increase our duration of our debt and reduce our debt net-net. So that is on track and remains unchanged.
Robert Probst: We, I think, said before something in the $1.3 billion range, but again it's going to be finalized upon completion.
Robert Probst: Sure. We sold about $75 million [worth of] healthcare fixed-income securities. This was part of our broader disposition planning, indeed its part of our normal course of business as we invest in loans and obviously sold those off in time. That contributed about $6 million in income in the quarter. So that's what we discussed in the prepared remarks.
Robert Probst: I think you are right to say New York continues to generate great performance. We have an advantage position in that market, particularly within the Atria portfolio and we've seen occupancy growth, rate growth and that generates continued positive growth in the quarter sequentially and year over year. So that's the biggest piece of our business. As you know, it's performing very well.
Robert Probst: In terms of our leverage, Ventas pro forma post both Ardent and CCP, what’s inherently assumed is a net debt to leverage slightly above 6 times. That is in part why we reinforced our commitment to the 5 to 6 time leverage in the tools in our toolkit to get there. I think as I noted in terms of the dividend from – our distribution from CCP, that's going to be a net reduction in debt. But obviously, the strong balance sheet that CCP is going to have to pursue its acquisition strategy is going to net-net be modestly leveraging for us. So that's how we end up at that slightly about six times number.
Robert Probst: Thank you for clarifying. It will not be day one leverage neutral. We think it's appropriate to be able to show with the permanent capital structure to talk about it that way. But based on the financing, as just described by Debbie, it will be slightly leveraging in the short run, again that's why we come back to the discussion around our target from a long-term and short-term capital structure perspective.
Robert Probst: We mentioned in the prepared remarks that our inventory construction percentage is about 3.2%. That compares favorably to NIC. I think that reflects the advantage position we have in places like New York as we talked about earlier. There has been an uptick in certain markets for sure as Nick has talked about, as we observed. But again, it's spotty and we like our portfolio relative to where we see that growth. So net-net, not only do we feel good about the growth in the second half as I talked about, but as we think about the supply/demand equation, how that plays out overtime, we continue to be bullish about the SHOP portfolio.
Robert Probst: Derek, to follow on that, you have three topics: you have the underlying NOI, you have the G&A implications and then the capital structure implications. And the number I quoted you I think is our best view of the real pro forma.
Robert Probst: Impact on Ventas, very specifically, correct. And those things don't always follow the accounting rule, so we had some differences there.
Robert Probst: Sure. It's a relatively small portfolio. You rightly pointed out that this performed very well. We've got some great assets in that pool and some for example a new development from us in Cape Cod is doing very, very well. So you have very specific sort of drivers than, but overall some strong assets in that pool.
Robert Probst: It's a small number. We think you will see fluctuations over time as we just have accruals in any one quarter that will vary. So I wouldn't say it's reflective of any sort of underlying trend.
Todd Lillibridge: As Ray pointed out, of the 83, 37 of them are again basically single tenant triple net leased assets. But the portfolio that we’ve insourced to date, namely 37 with the remaining five, we’re bringing – obviously the leverage platform of those assets and putting in place, if you would, not only those best practices, but many of our cost-saving initiatives which is obviously going to result in driving NOI, while at the same time we see lease up opportunities in the portfolio as well.
Todd Lillibridge: Yes, we’re excited about the most recent acquisition in Indi; it’s a follow-on really to a long-standing almost 12-year relationship we’ve had with Ascension. Ortho Indy is a leading orthopedic practice in Indianapolis and in place, it has been I would say in this current facility for about a dozen years and we have remaining 11 year term on the lease. And as you said, we are in it at 6.3 with escalators and we see it a great contribution to our overall portfolio in Indi where our current occupancy in that portfolio is around 94% and we continue to get great same-store growth out of that portfolio. So good relationship with not only Ortho Indy who is already in our building, but Ascension overall which as many of you know is a leading Catholic health system around the country.
Todd Lillibridge: I think, Rich, for the past 20 plus years, we've always believed that affiliated is in fact the number one and key goal in all of this, irrespective of whether this it’s on or off. It just so happens that we build a strong portfolio with a strong group of providers. As you know, 96% today is on and/or affiliated. I think what's important though is the quality of those that are affiliated, because in fact 89% of our portfolio, those that we’re affiliated with are investment grade or better in terms of credit. So we put a lot of stock in who we partner with by the very nature of the hospital and their affiliation with the health system. We’re very comfortable going off-campus, HCT acquisition, we were excited about because the affiliation that they have in those health systems, some very leading providers around the country as you know. So again, what’s key in the off-campus is not only its affiliated, but it's of a size and what we would say have a comprehensive nature in terms of clinical services and quality they can deliver to the marketplace. So we have what I think is a great balance between 70 on and 30 off, roughly, and I think we're going to continue to see something of that same balance. Obviously, there is a lot of talk about off-campus, but freestanding and off and not affiliated or affiliated with a wrong system, I'm not so sure what you have.
Todd Lillibridge: Seeking the right partners has been the nature of this business as far as I’m concerned since we got in it 30 years ago.
Todd Lillibridge: I would agree hospital related or hospital owned monetizations are a tick up, but to be honest with you it's not huge over prior years. That is on the acquisition front. And on the development front, we're starting to see some increased activity that is coming out of what I would call some historical highs and then going to historical lows here. Again, planning, but what really is converting into real deals is significantly down from the 2007, 2008 timeframe, that is development. So we will see some activity, but we don't see it to be as clearly as robust as it was in the past.
