Debra Cafaro: Thanks, David. Good morning to all of our shareholders and participants and welcome to the Ventas 2010 second quarter earnings call. Today the Ventas management team is with me in our Chicago office and we are very pleased to be joined by Todd Lillibridge, our newest colleague. We have a lot of excellent news to cover today, including positive earnings, increased normalized FFO per share guidance, the closing of the Lillibridge acquisition, good results from our operating portfolio of seniors housing and a constructive and active investment outlook.  Ventas is delivering on its promise of preserving and creating value for its stakeholders through consistent reliable cash flow growth from a diversified portfolio of productive, healthcare and senior housing assets. We continue to enhance our growth through strategic and accretive acquisitions, while also maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet.  After an overview of results and a discussion of our acquisition of Lillibridge, Ray Lewis will discuss our asset performance and investment strategy and Rick Schweinhart will report on our financial results in detail. After our prepared remarks, we'll be happy to answer your questions.  Let's begin with the exciting acquisition of Lillibridge Healthcare Services which closed earlier this month. In one fell swoop, we acquired an interest in 96 medical office buildings. We are now the national leader in the large and growing medical office building sector. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, Lillibridge Healthcare Services, we own and/or manage a 153 medical office and outpatient assets containing $8.6 million square feet located in 20 states. The combination of Ventas' strong balance sheet and access to capital with Lillibridge's experienced, relationship and integrated capabilities should provide attractive real estate solutions for hospital clients and drive value in our firm. The acquired MOBs have a very desirable profile. They are 92% on campus; all affiliated with single A and double A rated hospitals and health systems. 86% occupied and located in 17 states. The 92 stabilized MOBs in which we acquired an ownership interest are over 87% occupied and the 34 wholly owned stabilized MOBs we purchased are 94% occupied.  There is a compelling thesis for investing in the large and growing MOB arena that I'd like to recap today. 
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So we're going to be looking at the Lillibridge business as an integrated whole and then in pieces. So as we promised, we wanted to be a lot more transparent about what the valuation metrics were and so we're glad to provide this additional information. So if you look at the integrated P&L as we had talked about, it's about 15.5 of EBITDA so you've got obviously your NOI and we've given you kind of a range on that of 27 to 28 and then you'll basically have 10ish in service revenues and approximately 15ish in expenses, and those aren't really broken out by individual service lines so we're generally thinking of that as one integrated P&L statement, and that's how the street really looks at the integrated businesses like HR and Cogdell Spencer.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I mean its right, but again it's a sort of unified whole because we obviously we're acquiring over 200 individuals. Our take on this transaction and why we're so excited about it is it does enable us to get these internal capabilities, development, property management, which as is very labor intensive and people intensive and to have a scalable platform that we can grow and be able to do so in an accretive way. If I were you I would just again sort of look at the business as an integrated P&L and certainly what we are expecting is that this will allow us to grow without adding additional overhead, so it's a very kind of scalable platform and then also overtime, we would expect to kind of gain additional efficiencies, as we get both businesses to run as one company. So you won't see as we break out the MOB segment particular breakdowns of the expenses as between sort of the advisory business or the property management business or so on, because we are looking at it as that integrated whole.
Debra Cafaro: Essentially, yes, so we will likely have an MOB segment as we go forward which would combine both, our MOBs, as well as the Lillibridge MOBs and service businesses, in one unified whole.
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, I think if we can really grow this business and make acquisitions and do developments, it's both for fee and on balance sheet, we are going to capture a lot more earnings within Ventas, both because we'll have higher yielding on balance sheet developments, because we'll be capturing all the profit internally, we'll also presumably have fee business and then, we won't be adding overhead. So, I would expect overtime that the again the unified P&L, will the service business loss effectively will shrink or the NOI and revenues will increase and in either case the bottom line will improve.
Debra Cafaro: We have contracts with Sunrise that have some significant benefits in them. Among those benefits are expense controls and we have received from time to time if Sunrise exceeds those expense controls cash payments from them for those overruns and we've received those in the past. This payment was for '08, a combination of '08 and '09. 
Debra Cafaro: We do. The briefing, as you'll recall, we have $102 million judgment in the Federal Court in Kentucky and HCT has posted a bond in that amount in our favor. HCP has appealed the verdict against it and we have cross-appealed as well to achieve potentially higher damages. The matter has been fully briefed and the briefing is complete and an oral argument will be scheduled by the court some time presumably in the fourth quarter or first quarter and then a decision will be rendered thereafter. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we can talk to you about it, the way we looked at it is sort of first half to second half, and I'll let Rick take that. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we can. In terms of leasing, as I mentioned the wholly owned assets, the 34 stabilized or about 94% occupied, the full stabilized is about as you pointed out 87ish and we are actually working with Todd and the team to develop a very aggressive and targeted program to increase NOI and leasing so we're hopeful that we can have some internal growth as well as acquisition growth from the portfolio and I think we'll be, there are some leasing prospects currently and I think we'll have more details for you when we sit down in the third quarter. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, the G&A guidance increased really at Ventas Corporate. And all of the impacts of increases to G&A at Lillibridge are embedded in those services in that integrated sort of 15 times EBITDA number that I gave you, so that's basically, its all of the Lillibridge expenses including any expenses from the $10 million, the amortization of the $10 million retention stock award that was granted to key employees to promote retention and alignment as well as new employment contracts for the CEO and the CFO of the business, that's all embedded in the Lillibridge numbers that we gave you as opposed to Ventas Corporate.
Debra Cafaro: Well, the EBITDA multiple is but in terms of the cap rate and the services businesses there we have a preliminary allocation of the 381 which is subject to allocation from evaluation exercise, that 93% would be real estate and 7% would be services and so the cap rate is based on let's call it 354. Real Estate value give or take and the 2.5 times revenues is based on the revenues and the sort of 25, 27ish million value for the Lillibridge platform businesses if you want to call it that the brand, the relationship, all of that. 
Debra Cafaro: The purchase price does not but the P&L numbers that we provided to you do include and we're not, they do include the stock award. The amortization of stock award and the employment relationships, the new employment relationships that we have with the CEO and the CFO and the MOB business. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, I'm happy you asked that actually. So the Medicare rates are projected to go up for sniff and Elpacks as you mentioned. If you look at a business like Kindred for example, the Elpack business is only less than 10% Medicaid. It's almost all Medicare and Managed Care. And if you look at the sniff business for Kindred, they have about 58% Medicare and a private pay and the revenues and the balance is Medicaid. We actually do believe that Medicaid will increase, and again in healthcare, when people talk about cuts a lot of times they're talking about reductions in the rate of growth, not necessarily cuts, and it's our own internal expectation that Medicaid on the whole portfolio at skilled nursing will actually be positive and we believe and it's not certain, but we believe Congress will extend the SMAP assistance to the State, which in turn supports in many cases the Medicaid program. So we do think Medicaid will be in the positive range. We do think the Medicare story is positive as you mentioned. So we really feel good about the triple net Kindred business.
Debra Cafaro: I do, and again you have to be really careful about what this all really is when people talk about headlines versus what it really is when it comes down to the bottom-line and we don't have any nursing homes in Kansas, so I can't comment on that. So we'll be happy to talk to you about it. But overall, we still believe reimbursement across the board is going to be positive more so on the Medicare side.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, I'll take those. I feel very confident to answer both those questions. As a REIT, again remember, we are the super senior secured piece of paper in the tenant's capital structure, okay. And then, so that is we believe the best way to invest in healthcare assets has been a great secure way to invest for our shareholders and so we feel good about that. Legally, we cannot have input into the operations of the assets. And for a whole variety of reasons including that, we cannot be liable in relation to the operations at the assets, so that's important number one.  Number two, part of what we are supposed to be doing and I believe we do is try to do business with leading operators in their states. Now remember Kindred is a leading post acute provider in the United States. They have sophistication, scale, and the resources to be compliant with regulations. We only have six nursing homes in California. I should point that out. And Kindred is very rigorous about following staffing requirements, what was at issue in the matter that the skilled healthcare matter. And we monitor that compliance, but they are really the first line of defense and they monitor that very rigorously. So that's where we are on that subject. 
Debra Cafaro: Like the little training wheel deal. Well, look. As Ray said we're talking to Sunrise all the time about a variety of ways that we can potentially engage in mutually beneficial transactions. And we've both openly talked about the possibility of acquiring minority interest. There are still, I think, 58 assets or so where they own 15-25% interest. And we would continue to talk about those with them as well as other possibilities. 
Debra Cafaro: Again the fully integrated P&L and it does represent an attractive 150 to $160 per square foot for our share of the asset. I think when we look to acquire the interest from the institutional partner, we very much wanted the Lillibridge team and the capabilities and as we've mentioned all of the things that the company provides but we, the cap rate is high but then again there are these that as you look at the P&L, the 15 times EBITDA we thought was a reasonable multiple, and so really it's just an allocation issue as to how you allocate to the real estate versus the services business and the cap rates, we think appropriate in the context of the integrated P&L business at a 15 times EBITDA.
Debra Cafaro: We believe it was in the sort of 89ish, 89 to 90 and so that will be a target to really as we discuss sort of get that occupancy and the NOI improving. 
Debra Cafaro: So when we look at the second half of the year, in our guidance at the mid point we're assuming that it'll look a lot like the first half of the year, ex that $3 million payment. I think what we're expecting is that occupancy will trend up a little bit, ADR will be flat and we'll probably see some expense creep as we always have in the second half of the year as utilities and other back-end loaded expenses grow, we'll perhaps compress margins slightly. But the net-net effect of all of that should be a second half that looks a lot like the first half.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. As you mentioned, of the $6.9 million square feet in the Lillibridge portfolio, we do manage for third parties about 1.2 million square feet, 31 buildings, and those are managed for both hospitals and private owners, and over time, it's a classic real estate opportunity that over time sometimes property managers who are also owners have opportunities to buy those buildings and time will tell that certainly it's - like the (inaudible) certainly another place where there is a long term potential opportunity, or it could lead to development opportunities as well.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean I think - I'll answer that directly. On the 15 times EBITDA, we have paid these multiples and these cap rates on in place NOI and EBITDA, and so we feel very good about that valuation. Over time, we do believe that we will capture, we believe it's scalable; we will capture more profit through acquisitions, development, property management, et cetera, without adding additional overhead.  And over time, there may be efficiencies that are obtained as we combine our organizations into one company. And - but again, the acquisitions really about strategic growth. And if we can scale the platform and retain development profits and do see development and really grow the NOI and not grow the overhead, we are going to capture a lot of that to the bottom line.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It's about $175 billion market and it's very highly fragmented. I mean, hospitals are by far and away the lion's share owners of the assets and that's really I think where the opportunity ultimately, that's a big part of the opportunity because the hospitals are not necessarily the most efficient owners of the assets. They have a lot of capital needs and we are a much more efficient owner of the assets. The Lillibridge team has the relationship with those hospitals. So over time, we believe the macro trend, again a long term secular trend will be that the hospitals will want to sell the assets to owners like ourselves and that's the opportunity.
Debra Cafaro: There's 76 on the wholly owned and then 49 on our share on the joint venture assets. The 76 is longer dated debt and it goes way out and so you should not assume we'll pay that off. The 49 about 80% of it comes to by 2013.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I think what we mentioned is that we're actively working on a very detailed leasing plan with targeted leasing to improved NOI and improved occupancy and I think what we'd like to do is really provide you with more color as and when we get closer to providing 2011 overall guidance. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, we really have very diversified portfolio. As we think about diversification of our portfolio across four metrics, by tenant, by asset type, by reimbursement source and by geography. And so we're in 44 states in Canada. And so that one of the benefits of that geographic diversification is that Medicaid is a state by state program.
Debra Cafaro: And none of our states really account for one or two may account for more than 10% of our NOI and not all of that will come from nursing homes, so when you really get down to it, we have the benefit of a broadly diversified portfolio. And as I mentioned Medicare on the skilled nursing is going to be up and that's a positive. And we continue to believe that on average, we will see positive Medicaid. It will be a small positive increase but we do believe that Medicaid rates on average are going to be positive. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean, we do but again, as the landlord, these are very small changes in various states Medicaid reimbursements have essentially a de minimis impact. They have no impact on our earnings or our rent and they have a de minimis impact even on coverages. And so we're really focused on the total portfolio and gaining the benefits of that diversified portfolio and so that's probably the best way to think about it is that overall, we expect it to be positive. 
Debra Cafaro: Okay, and then so we have as usual, I think we have a pretty well defined and articulated investment strategy. In terms of funding that strategy, we have worked very hard for a long period of time to get the kind of balance sheet strength that we now have and as Rick pointed out we're about four times debt to EBITDA at the end of the quarter. And so we have access to lots of different pockets of low cost capital and I think we have quite a bit of continued acquisition capacity using those various forms of debt capital going forward. 
Debra Cafaro: Okay, great. So I really want to thank everyone for participating in today's call and we as always we very much appreciate your interest in Ventas. We're happy to report excellent results and as, we are very focused on building an excellent and sustainable enterprise that will deliver value to stakeholders through our productive high quality diversified asset base, a secured financial profile, consistent and growing cash dividends, and accretive acquisitions. So with that we look forward to talking to all of you and thank you again for your time today.
Rick Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. The highlights of the second quarter are that operating income was up from last year's second quarter and also increased compared to the first quarter. Second quarter 2010 normalized FFO was $0.71 per diluted share, an increase of 4.4% compared to the second quarter of 2009 on 2% more shares outstanding. Additionally, we continue to focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet and increasing cash flow from operations. At June 30th our cash balance was $28 million and we had $126 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. Our credit stats remain excellent with net debt to pro forma EBITDA at four times and our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of three times. Our June 30th, 2010 debt to enterprise value is 26%. Our cash flow from operations for the quarter ended June 30th, 2010 increased to $92 million from $82 million for the comparable quarter last year, up 12%.  On July 1st, we acquired Lillibridge Healthcare Services and currently have approximately $35 million of cash and $345 million outstanding on our revolving credit facility. During the quarter we had five items of note. First, in June, we opportunistically redeemed $142.7 million of our 7% and 1/8% senior notes due 2015. We used the call option in our bonds and paid 103.6 of par. The economic return of this investment was 7%. We recorded a $6.4 million of loss on extinguishment of debt. We also repaid $52 million of maturing mortgage debt. Second. Also in June, we acquired from Sunrise its minority interest in two of our Sunrise managed properties for $9.9 million. This represented a cap rate of over 9% on NOI. Third. We sold four assets not current tenant for $22.5 million and achieved a $5 million gain on sale. Fourth. Normalized FFO includes $3 million cash payment from Sunrise for expense overrides. And fifth. Merger related expenses and deal costs total $4.2 million in quarter, mostly due to our July 1 acquisition of Lillibridge.  Details of the second quarter earnings are as follows: Normalized FFO was $111.9 million or $0.71 per diluted share. Normalized FFO includes the previously mentioned $3 million cash payment from Sunrise and excludes $5.6 million net expense consisting of loss on the early extinguishment of debt, merger related expenses and deal costs offset by gains on the sale of properties and an income tax benefit. Second quarter normalized FFO increased from last years second quarter due to NOI increases in all three of our portfolios, triple-net, Sunrise managed and medical office buildings. Triple-net leases grew to $118 million from $116.3 million, primarily due to contractual escalations. Sunrise managed NOI increased 15% to $38.8 million this quarter from $33.9 million last year. Second quarter 2010 NOI includes the Sunrise $3 million, cash payment as a reduction of expenses. Excluding the $3 million, Sunrise managed NOI increased 5.9%. In comparison first quarter was $33.8 million. Also, second quarter year-over-year our medical office building NOI grew to $8.1 million from $5.3 million primarily due to acquisitions. Second quarter results do not include any results from our July 1st acquisition of Lillibridge.  Interest expense was flat at $44 million compared to last year and slightly better than the first quarter. G&A and stock based compensation was fairly flat with last year and slightly down from the first quarter. Weighted average shares outstanding in the quarter at $157.4 million, increased 2% over second quarter of last year and remain fairly flat versus $157.0 million in the first. Second quarter normalized FAD per diluted share increased to $0.69 compared to $0.66 in the second quarter last year and $0.65 from the first quarter. We are increasing our 2010 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance to $2.75 to $2.80 from $2.69 to $2.75. This reflects a positive trend in our Sunrise portfolio, our debt retirements and our Lillibridge acquisition. This positive trend is indicative of the growing and reliable cash flows that are diversified, high quality and productive portfolio of healthcare and senior housing continues to provide. Our key assumptions for our 2010 normalized FFO per share guidance are that total Sunrise NOI for our 79 assets ranges from $139 million to $145 million, up from $128 million to $138 million. Corporate G&A expenses ranges between $41 million and $43 million. You will recall that our original guidance assumed we would invest all of our cash, approximately $150 million mid year which we have now accomplished. Our guidance does not include other material acquisitions or divestiture activity, deal cost, capital transactions, or litigation expenses or proceeds. Operator if you would please open the call to questions.
Rick Schweinhart: Okay, I think if you look at from the first half if you kind of start off with where we are, take off the $3 million or $0.02 and then kind of double that and add your $0.02 back. I think what we're seeing is about $0.02 due to Lillibridge, maybe $0.02 due to the bond pay off and everything else kind of netting out. So I think that's kind of generally the way it comes down. 
Rick Schweinhart: I'd say that since we bought the whole thing with cash, you're going to see a little bit of an increase in the net debt to EBITDA but not very much. 
Rick Schweinhart: But the REITs just own a very, very small percentage of the total market. I mean not even a measurable percentage.
Rick Schweinhart: Definitely not ratable. I think experience from time in memorial is that people get budgets and they spend all of the money in the latter half of the year, so we'll definitely ramp up towards the third and fourth quarters in terms of cash expenditures.
Rick Schweinhart: Yes, I mean it's the old costs which are the biggest part of it which as you'll recall in the old days would be capitalized but under the new rules are not capitalized, so deal cost is the biggest percentage of that and then some integration and transition expenses.
Rick Schweinhart: Sure, and what I said I think was 15% to 20% of our portfolio and so obviously, that is a sizeable investment appetite. As Debby pointed out in her comments, it's a huge universe and a lot of the MOBs are owned by hospitals that will need capital over time, hospitals that Todd and his team already have relationships with either as a Manager or just through their general calling and relationship building efforts, so that's the biggest opportunity set. As we mentioned, the REITs themselves own a very small percentage of the medical office target set. That being said, we are always considering opportunities, always looking at ways to grow the Company. We've always said that we think there should be less, not more healthcare REITs and so if and when the right opportunity presented itself we would certainly pursue it.
Ray Lewis: So our portfolio is, our operating portfolio of Sunrise assets are high quality need driven assisted living product as contrasted the lower acuity independent living product which is more correlated to the housing market. Basically the residents that live in our buildings don't really have any alternative to stay in their homes any longer. They need the services that our buildings provide and they are not capable of living independently in their home.  So while they have the ability to potentially delay the decision for a few months, they can't postpone it indefinitely and that's why I think you're seeing both in the industry and then within our portfolio that assisted living and Alzheimer have held up extremely well even through the depths of the downturn.
Ray Lewis: That transaction occurred pursuant to a maturity of debt on two of the assets and it just seemed to make the most sense for both companies for us to pay off the debt in exchange for receiving the minority interest. We got a cap rate of nine plus percent that for those minority interests seemed appropriate and then the company Sunrise was able to preserve capital for other uses, so it seemed to be the right transaction for both companies at the time. With respect to additional transactions and what those might look like, as we've said in the past, we're in constant discussions with sunrise. We're talking about different ways that we might be able to work together including acquisition of additional minority interest and so those types of discussions continue. 
Ray Lewis: Sure. Clearly, as we've said so far in our comments and questions and answers, we are - I'm very focused on continuing to grow our medical office building business. We've talked about the premise for that and with the Lillibridge acquisition we certainly now have the additional resources relationships and access to opportunities that will, I think, turbo charge that activity.  I think, the other areas that we're very interested you made reference to a couple of them, Jerry, seniors housing we continue to like the supply demand fundamentals in that marketplace as well as the forward-looking demographics. There are a number of opportunities to pursue in that space and we're excited about working on those. The TRS structure, I think, is appropriate for the seniors housing space. If you believe where we are in the cycle as being a good entry point, then you'd be willing to use the TRS. We certainly have additional capacity to do that so we would be interested in those types of transactions.  With respect to skilled nursing, as you point out, there are a number of companies that have either near term liquidity needs or private equity or other recapitalization requirements that could present opportunities for us. We are comfortable with and understand the space and that's another area where we would deploy capital. So as I said in my opening remarks, we're pleased to get the Lillibridge transaction done. We're not done with acquisitions for the year. We're working on a lot of things and we'll continue to make progress.
Ray Lewis: Yes, sure. I mean we have the right the first offer embedded in those and other contractual rights that could lead to an opportunity to acquire those assets as in when the joint venture partners look for liquidity so that is definitely a benefit of the transaction that we are excited about. 
Ray Lewis: So the good news and this is partly why we feel good about being in this business. We only need a little tiny part of this market to be wildly successful, and I've got to believe with our balance sheet and the Lillibridge team and a track record and the relationship that we will be able to achieve that.
