Raymond J. Lewis: Michael, I think we'll always do a modest level of development relative to our total portfolio size. And as you see on the schedule on Page 6 on our supplemental, it's a reasonable pipeline of development. We look at development as an opportunity for us to add new properties to our portfolio, enhance existing relationships and drive higher yields than the acquisition side, so put a little extra also in the portfolio. And this pipeline of opportunity should do that.
Raymond J. Lewis: I would just add one point to that, Michael and that is that before we acquired NHP, we had a highly scalable asset management system. And we've been able to get the NHP data uploaded into the Ventas asset management system, and that's enabled us to continue to have visibility and to all of our tenant operator relationships. So a lot of focus on that during the integration phase.
Raymond J. Lewis: So Jerry, as I said in my remarks, I mean, even with a 13% cut in Medicare reimbursement and the 25% mitigation, we'd be at 1.7x across the portfolio. That's consistent between our Kindred and NHP assets generally. So we've got a large diversified portfolio with a number of operators in it. There is nothing material that we would anticipate in the fourth or the first quarter that would arise as a result of the announced cuts in reimbursement.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I would just echo what Debbie's saying. We think it's an important part of the healthcare continuum. It is a low-cost provider. It is going to be, going forward, an important part of the healthcare system. So we will continue to have an interest in owning skilled nursing buildings. That all having been said, there's not a lot of activity in the marketplace right now. I think people are very internally focused on making sure that they mitigate the -- that they focus their efforts on mitigating the cuts, that they are working on their operations rather than thinking about monetizing their portfolio in a relatively less certain environment. So I do think we're going to see a lot near term. That being said, as this plays out, there may actually be some good buying opportunities, and we're going to keep our eyes peeled for that.
Raymond J. Lewis: Right, so I think year-over-year, if you adjust for the $2 million cash payment and equalize the management fees, the margins were actually spot on at 33.8%. Sequentially, they were down 40 basis points, and that relates mostly to utilities and a little bit of hurricane expense in there.
Raymond J. Lewis: Actually, James, the cash NOI and the same-store MOBs was up slightly year-over-year, and as I mentioned in my remarks. And I think when you look at the trends, the leasing activity is actually pretty good. I mean, our portfolio at 93.5% occupied is certainly above industry averages. We're seeing a great retention rate at 84%, and we're starting to see leasing activity pickup, I think, in our portfolio. So, we think the portfolio is performing pretty well.
Raymond J. Lewis: On the total portfolio, including our consolidated and unconsolidated, so you're looking at just the consolidated there, and that also is a different pool of non-stabilized assets in one period to the next. So it's not easy to divine from that -- the growth.
Raymond J. Lewis: There really aren't any hurdles internally to ramping that up. It's really the market activity, which has been accelerating, as I mentioned in my opening remarks. I mean, Lillibridge has its development capabilities and PMB has internal development capabilities, which are scalable from their current level. So we feel pretty good that we're going to be well-positioned to field the opportunities as they accelerate.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, and we've been seeing an increase in the number of RFPs that are coming across our desk, I mean, request for proposals, that have been coming across our desk. And so if that trend continues, hopefully, we'll see continued growth in our development pipeline.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, there's a -- you have to normalize the management fee, which will go in the other direction and it's really more like 5.6%.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, that's a great question, and we're very happy that we further diversified our portfolio and have increased our tenant relationship 6x. I mean, that was one of the positives of the NHP transaction. As you correctly point out, there would be a different asset management style and perhaps, tenant [ph] control when you have multiple smaller relationships. And Ray and our Head of Asset Management, Tim Doman, who are here with us today, have been spending a lot of time basically dealing with organizational structure going forward. We've obviously retained the NHP asset management group, and that has the historical knowledge of the portfolio. And we would expect to have a larger asset management group as we go forward to manage that portfolio. But it's a real positive again that we have multiple tenant relationships. Those are areas for future growth, and they also minimize risk in the portfolio.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, couple things. We did receive the $102.8 million compensatory award, as Rick pointed out in the third quarter. We -- the punitive damage trial has been set for the 21st of February, 2012 in the Louisville Federal Court. HCP has filed a petition for the Supreme Court to hear its case, and they filed that on October 25 of this year and we've obviously, opposed that petition. And finally, beyond that, I think, I just wouldn't comment other than to say that we have never been offered any amount to be paid for the HCP litigation from HCP.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, it does. And this -- I think this is a really important aspect of our earnings, and we're really endeavoring to be excessively transparent, if you will, in the way that we have reported this quarter's earnings. And I do think that's a value that we have and something that we consider to be important. The -- let me give you some -- so again, just to repeat, our earnings, our normalized FFO earnings are $0.88 a share. That's fantastic, 20-plus percent year-over-year growth. What we've done is tried to call out that there's about $0.06 in there that is kind of non-cash GAAP required earnings. And then even if you took all of that out, which by the way, most companies have some non-cash earnings in their normalized FFO. So that's why, I mean, we're being, I think, excessively conservative and transparent in the way that we reported it. But the kinds of things those are will burn off at various times to the extent they relate to a lease theory. They'll extend over the whole lease term. The best example I can give you is really on the interest side, if we took over an NHP senior note, say, and say that senior note was a 10-year note at 7.5%, but it matures say, next year. We would have to book the interest expense at the 1 year rate of Ventas' borrowing rate. So that's a pickup in earnings. Now when we go to refinance that and we do a great job and say we get 4.5 or whatever, our cash results will be better, but the way GAAP books it, our GAAP results will be a little bit worse on that particular component. So it gets a little complicated. It depends on the various lines. But what we expect to see and the reason in part we're calling this out is that we would expect to see the cash portion going up and the noncash portion over -- tailing off over time, depending on what the various noncash items are. So hopefully, in an effort to be transparent, we haven't really confused you but...
Debra A. Cafaro: It is. Yes, it is. And it's really a function of doing a lot of acquisitions and what the purchase accounting rules are.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, we'll get -- that's a good suggestion to -- that we can provide more on when we report the fourth quarter. But for now, it's probably as good as anything else to carry that on.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we -- a couple of principles that we'll state and some past practice. We believe that dividend growth is an important part of delivering total shareholder return which, obviously, is the holy grail for us. We have about an 8% dividend CAGR on the Ventas dividend for the last 4, 5 years. We typically do look at the dividend in the first quarter of the year. And we will look at those FFO payout ratio and again, right now, that's about 65%, very, very strong, a well-covered dividend. And we'll look at it in relation to cash flow as well, but I think Ventas is -- again, this is a very important investment attribute of Ventas, which is the prospect of dividend growth -- history of in the prospect of future dividend growth.
Debra A. Cafaro: It's both. I mean, I think you look at FFO coverage and you look at the cash as well and you triangulate to a good outcome that in the past has been very positive for shareholders. So hopefully, we'll be able to continue that in the future.
Debra A. Cafaro: When we look at our portfolio, right now, we -- the combination of the NHP and Atria transactions did a number of things for us. It decreased our triple-net-lease exposure to currently 61% on an NOI basis. And it increased our seniors housing operating assets to about 25% of the total portfolio. And I think because we're in a very good part of the cycle on seniors housing with low construction and growing demand, I would guess that, that part of our portfolio is generally going to be in the 25% to 33% range over time. I would again emphasize though that it's not so much the percentage that we care about, it's the kind of assets operators and markets that we're having in that operating portfolio because we really have with Atria and Sunrise, as you know, the best market, best physical plans and the best operators in that operating portfolio. And as a result, and you can see this from some of the trends, that we believe that has more upside and a more protected downside. And so when you have operating assets, that's really how we think about it. But again, we would expect that to be between sort of 25 and 1/3. And then on the triple-net lease side, again, with the NHP and Atria transaction, that part of our business is 61% now, down from 68% previously. The triple-net leases gives us a good year-over-year kind of growth rate in good times and in bad, and we would expect that to continue to be a significant portion of our portfolio. Maybe it will shrink a little bit over time, but it is an important part of our business, and will continue to be so going forward.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean, we -- having been here for 12 years, I think we really understand the skilled nursing business. I would say that it -- there are some positives about the skilled nursing business. It's a low-cost provider, which is an important part of the long-term sort of healthcare delivery systems to seniors. And we think in the right time in the cycle at the right price and the right structure that it's a valid part of someone's portfolio. I think I'll defer to Ray in terms of what you could expect from us going forward.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, you're right. There's a portion of the Kindred portfolio that's up for renewal in May of 2013, and some of that has a reset rate in it in Ventas' favor.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, so the assets that are up for renewal with Kindred in 2013, it's about 9% of our total NOI and it's currently covering EBITDARM about 2.1x, so very, very strong coverage. So with sort of you can call it a 15% reduction on the Medicare side and maybe 1/3 of mitigation or something like that gets you back to about a 10% impact. It's still covering quite well. There's about 40% hospitals in there, which have received an increase in Medicare reimbursement recently, and about 60% skilled nursing. So net-net, I'd say about market rents for that portfolio, it's a profitable group of assets even after changes -- known changes in reimbursement.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, the answer is no. I mean, the answer is no because this is really -- I mean, it is really normal FFO. And as I said, most companies have a significant amount of kind of non-cash items. If you look at their cash flow statements in their regular FFO and we do too. It just happens that because of the volume of the acquisition activity, we happen to have a bunch. And so we tried to call it out for you. Again, I know the REIT analysts are always trying to make a better FFO or make a better FAD or what have you, but I really like the income -- or the cash flow statement because that's a GAAP statement, and you can look at it. It's apples-to-apples pretty much for everyone, and so it is normal FFO. It's just we're trying to make it, again, conservative and very transparent for you.
Debra A. Cafaro: No. And in fact, that's why our guidance is going up and it's going up more than the noncash items because the -- we typically underwrite on a cash basis, obviously, because that's what we care about. And so that comes -- the cash part is coming in, better than we expected, and then the non-cash part is an add-on on top of that, if you will, so we...
Debra A. Cafaro: It's all over the place, a little bit from NHP, a little bit from better cash interest expense, et cetera, better capital cost, lower deal cost, that sort of thing.
Debra A. Cafaro: We've got 9 nursing homes in California, and there really wasn't a Medicaid cut. Let me just clarify what happened, and that is there was a 10% deferral of Medical payments. So it's a deferral. It's not a reduction in the rate and it's 10%, so we feel fine about it. We have 9 nursing homes there, and the hospitals really aren't Medical. It's not a material portion of the hospital business.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have about $750 million outstanding -- we have $1.8 billion of available liquidity. We have about $750 million outstanding on the line, and we have the term loan as well that has $550 million of availability.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we're -- a lot of it, but we'll continue to try to make efforts to bring the benefits out of the NHP transaction.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, it's a very high-level analysis. I think that you can see from the public operators what their comments are. I think many of them have stated they expect 50, 5-0 percent, mitigation. But we're taking, I think, a measured approach in terms of what we think the operators can do in overhead costs and technology improvements, for example. What I think about the difference between the public operators – and I won't speak for anyone of them, they speak for themselves, versus though the smaller local and regional operators is that the negative impacts on the larger national operators of the cuts will be on the higher end because they have therapy businesses. They were really getting the benefit of the full RUG-IV improvement, and so the impact on them will be greater, and they'll have a greater mitigation sort of necessity, if you will. On the local and regional operators, it's a bit of a different story. They did not get as much of a benefit from the Medicare RUG-IV. They don't, by and large, have the therapy  businesses. So the reduction in rate to them will be at the lower end, and they'll have less mitigation effectively to do. So it's a little bit of a different story for both of those kinds of portfolios. It's again, depending on your business model, your quality mix, et cetera.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, it's in the cash flow statement, and that's already posted. There's only one wrinkle, so I mean, I can just tell you right now, it's 4 lines and then 900,000 on another line, but we'll -- yes, we'll be happy to point you there or post some things...
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. So just everyone, just so you don't struggle, it's amortization of deferred revenue and lease intangibles, other noncash amortization, stock-based comp, straight lining of rental income net, and then 900,000 of below-market ground lease, which is in the other line, so -- and that line is 1315. So, again, it's intended to be transparent. It's right there on the GAAP statement other than the ground rent and…
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I think, for example, we've excluded some normalized FFO, the proceeds of the litigation award et cetera, again, because we've had $11 billion in transactions, we've excluded deal costs, et cetera. So I can understand that we need to spend some more time walking everyone through it. But again, the purpose of just putting everything in a bucket there for you was to make it easier and I can see that we need to do -- we need to spend some more time with people just to further clarify. I think the bottom line again is $0.88 versus $0.73 is fantastic. Many companies would have all of that in their normalized FFO. Take it all out, if you like, it's $0.82. It's over 12% growth, and we're extremely happy with our performance.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right, well, since we didn't own the Atria portfolio last year, obviously, we don't include it in our same-store. And so that's why you can't see it on Page 11, but or on 13. I would say that Ray talked about Atria, as we have from the beginning, being in high single digits year-over-year NOI growth and right in line with our expectations, and then you have Sunrise there.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean this is another fun one for you, so buckle your seatbelt. So essentially, the way this worked is those assets went on our balance sheet and were owned and were managed and owned by us on our balance sheet and managed by Atria when we acquired Atria. When we merged with NHP, we eliminated a liability of a couple of hundred million dollars. So it was already on our balance sheet as an owned item. Atria was managing it, and everything sort of got collapsed when we then closed NHP. So it's very straightforward now, but there were various steps along the way.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. Well, I want to -- on behalf of all of my colleagues, I want to thank you again for joining us today. We really appreciate your interest in the company and your support of the company. We'll be happy to spend some more time with you on any of the detailed results, but we're again very pleased with where we are, and we look forward to seeing everyone at NAREIT and take care. Thank you. Have a good weekend.
Jerry L. Doctrow: And just sort of optically, I don't know if you have this or maybe you can do it when you do a fourth quarter guidance for next year. So optically, if we think about that $0.06 a quarter, obviously, it continues into 4Q.
Jerry L. Doctrow: Burn-off, if we think about it just through 2012, is there any material burn-offs through 2012? Or I should think that $0.06 just stays with me..
Jerry L. Doctrow: So the one thing I want to do is to ask as a follow-up was on the Atria properties, you had these ones that were owned by NHP that I think you're going to move into the RIDEA structure, if I remember. And I was just curious about sort of that process and timing, because it may move the numbers a little bit.
