Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. I am very excited that senior housing recovery is underway. As we’ve mentioned before, the lifestyle offering in our communities will be a leading indicator of performance. Now that vaccines have been executed, activities are picking up again, communal dining is coming back and all of our communities are open to visitation from relatives, the underlying demand for our services should continue to strengthen. As we have visited communities recently, the enthusiasm expressed by residents, their relatives and employees is compelling as communities are literally coming back to life again. As Debbie noted, we are pleased with the improvement in leading indicators in occupancy as our move-in and move-out performance in March and April resulted in 266 and 363 net move-ins, respectively. We expect occupancy improvements benefiting from a return to 2019 move-in levels, while at the same time, move-outs to be lower than 2019 levels due to lower current occupancy levels. If we use the move-out rate as a percentage of the resident population from 2019 and apply that percentage to the current lower resident occupancy, the outcome is lower move-outs than pre-pandemic levels. That, in combination with a 2019 move-in run rate, results in projected net positive occupancy gains. I refer to this as the "turn the lights on" scenario, where we simply get the structural benefit from this netting effect. Having said that, March and April, both performed well above this baseline, as we started to see a resurgence of high-converting lead sources, which include respites and personal referrals. As these lead sources and professional referrals continue to recover, we could see move-in rates grow. Moving on to macro drivers. We remain optimistic on our long-term supply and demand outlook. Construction starts continued to decelerate in the first quarter to the lowest level since the first quarter of 2011, and were down 77% from the peak in the fourth quarter of 2017. Fewer starts should translate into materially lower deliveries in 2022 and 2023. In addition, we expect strong demographic tailwinds to provide support for occupancy growth. The 80-plus population is expected to grow 17% over the next five years, more than double the rate witnessed during the five-year recovery following the financial crisis. I’ll comment on our SHOP portfolio. When I joined Ventas just over a year ago, one of my first priorities was to assess the overall quality of our portfolio. Now that we are traveling again and visiting communities, I’m pleased to verify we benefit from a well-invested, highly diversified portfolio of market-leading senior housing communities with service offerings that range from an active adult, independent living, social assisted living, and assisted living and memory care. We are well located in high-barrier markets that have substantial income and wealth demographics to support our offering. Our three primary operators, Le Groupe Maurice, Sunrise and Atria, are each uniquely positioned to be competitive within their respective markets. Collectively, they account for 90% of our SHOP NOI on a stabilized basis. With these attributes of a high-quality portfolio in mind, moving forward, we are actively reviewing opportunities to optimize our portfolio through pruning, strategic CapEx investment, transitioning communities, new developments and pursuing new acquisitions to maintain our strong market position in senior housing. Moving on to triple-net senior housing. Given the proactive measures taken last year where we addressed a substantial portion of our portfolio and additionally paired with government subsidies and other tenant resources, our tenants continue to pay, as expected, in the first quarter and through April. Ventas received all of its expected triple-net senior housing cash rent. Our trailing 12 cash flow coverage for senior housing, which is reported one quarter in arrears, is 1.3 times and stable versus the prior quarter. I’ll summarize by expressing our enthusiasm around our strong leading indicators, high-quality portfolio of communities and operators. I have a high confidence in our ability to compete in what should be a very exciting period of recovery for the senior housing sector. With that, I’ll hand the call to Pete.
Justin Hutchens: I’m going to ask you to turn to page 10 of our business update, if you have it handy, where we articulate our lead in move-in and move-out and calling them this time in the prepared remarks. And what I’d like to highlight is that the typical primary driver of lead conversion comes from professional and personal referrals. That’s historically been a very strong driver. Throughout the pandemic, the business has been resilient. It’s benefited from leads driven through company internet. It’s been benefited from leads driven through referral agencies. Those referral sources should persist. But, what we’re looking to see come back and what has started to come back are those other referral sources. It’s personal and professional referrals, which convert at 20% to 25% each versus the overall 10% conversion rate that we experienced, plus respites. But to put all this together, respites have -- during the pandemic, ran at about a 25% of prepandemic level run rate. They’re back to 50% now. Personal referrals ran at 50% to 60%. They’re back to 94% now. Those will grow because that’s simply residents and relatives referring their friends, which is phenomenal. And that will grow as our occupancy grows. And then, professional referrals, if you want a leading indicator for that category, look toward health care activity. As health care and skilled nursing picks up, that’s a driver of professional referrals. And those are still running at only 50%. So, given that and given where our performance is and the strong net activity we have, we do feel comfortable that there’s opportunity for more move-ins over time. And that’s why we’ve highlighted that. We could see a pickup in 10%, 20% of our move-in volume over time as those leads come back. And we started to see it come back. You’ll notice on the slide that we highlighted Q1, and we know that in March and April that there’s -- particularly respites and the personal referrals are playing a bigger role in leads and therefore driving more move-ins.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I can tell you that independent living performed well throughout the pandemic and continues to perform well. We have a strong concentration of independent living and social assisted living, which is otherwise known as AL Light. They have played a big role in the recovery that we mentioned in the prepared remarks. There’s also a little bit of a geographic lift from the southern part of the United States, where they had 340 basis points growth relative to the 280 that Debbie reported over that time period from the -- part of March to the end of April, so. But, I think the bigger point is that across the U.S., it’s really every asset class and geography is contributing to the recovery thus far.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Just basically turning the lights on, as I described it, you show up to work, based on that structural advantage, 30, 40 basis points a month. Obviously, we’re performing well above that for the reasons I described earlier.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Hi, it’s Justin. You would definitely expect to see the NOI growth really lag the occupancy. Revenue comes first and then there’s a dynamic occurring now where you have COVID expenses should come down and then some of the operating expenses will come back up. Obviously, the second quarter has an extra day in it. So, there’s some little extra expense coming from that. But as you run forward, you would see margin as kind of the lagging -- the last lagging performance metric.
Justin Hutchens: Well, I would say that we get the advantage of the highly leveraged business on the way up. So, it’s really a volume game right now, and operators are using discounting price incentives to try to encourage volume. And we would definitely expect that to continue for a period of time. One thing -- just two months into this recovery though that we’re starting to hear is more selectivity around discounting, focusing in on certain markets and -- but until we start to see consistent recovery and occupancy get a little higher, I would expect price to be a sole operator used to go for volume.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, Juan. I’ll start with the first question. In 2020, the pandemic really drove the priorities. One thing that we did want to make sure though is that we had adequate resources and attention on the triple-net priorities, and we addressed a lot in 2020. Now, we’re moving to recovery. So, we certainly have resources focused on supporting our operators through the recovery and taking some of the portfolio of actions that I described in my remarks. In regards to Eclipse, there’s really the three operators I highlighted were Sunrise, Atria and Le Groupe Maurice. Together, on a stabilized basis, that’s 90% of our business. Eclipse is in the 10%, along with a handful of others.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. That’s a great question. Throughout the past 12 months, we’ve actually seen length of stay go up. And part of the driver of that was that reduced respite business that I described earlier. So, length of stay has gone up a little bit. It will come down a little bit as we bring more short-term stays back into the pipeline. In regards to pent-up demand, the -- if you look at the leads, it’s page 9 of the business update, you’ll notice that leads are at about 104%. When we think about pent-up demand, I think of 120%, 130%, some big number that’s lined up, and we really just look at it as demand, and demand that’s not even fully supported by traditional lead sources. So, not so much pent up. But certainly, we’re pleased with the recovery thus far. And one other thing I’d mention is that as we’ve spoken with operators, they’re not having leads come to the doorstep and say, I’ve been waiting for the vaccine or I’ve been waiting to make this decision. We actually had quite a bit of activity throughout pandemic. And if you normalize it for the communities that were closed, it was pretty consistent. So, we’re just seeing the community is open again and some lead sources come back and providing demand for our service.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. Yes. So, in the near term, margins, we expect to be relatively flat because in total expenses, we have COVID coming down, we have other operating expenses coming up. If you look ahead at our quarter, we’re projecting around $7.5 million of expense growth. Half of that’s just an extra day in the quarter. The rest is a mix of just labor costs and other expenses. So it’s not really a big mover in the near term. And then, after -- as we get into more occupancy recovery, of course, we would expect expenses to lift a bit, but we would expect a very high margin on that incremental revenue.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So, one of the big priorities is to make sure that we’re well positioned for recovery. I mentioned some of the operators. There’s certainly communities that have probably less potential to contribute to the recovery or maybe may not be a long-term fit for us or maybe a better fit in the hands of a different operator. And so, there’s a lot of review underway and actions that we’re considering that should net really positive in terms of the overall quality and growth of our portfolio.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. I’ll just mention that the answer is yes. There’s -- there was a question earlier on the call that talked about pricing power and pricing -- it’s going to be volume first. And then, as pricing returns, that’s going to help margin get all the way back to pre-pandemic levels.
Justin Hutchens: Well, I was just going to say, there’s one other point that I’ve mentioned earlier, and that’s really -- I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the move outs being lower as well. So, there’s a certain amount of just kind of structural netting that’s going to occur. And then, you have the resurgence of the higher conversion leads. They’re not all the way back yet. That’s why -- that, combined with the feedback from the operators in terms of what they’re seeing at their door, just it’s not something we necessarily characterize as pent up. It just -- probably one of the biggest indicators of that, I think, I mentioned earlier, is the personal referrals. These are relatives and residents referring their friends again, like as they did [Technical Difficulty] the overall demand fundamentals are recovering, not necessarily pent-up demand.
Justin Hutchens: One other point, on page 9, if you ignore the first two months, it’s April, May, the beginning of the pandemic, and you just draw a straight line across the averages. Even during the pandemic, we were running 80% leads, move-ins...
Justin Hutchens: And we had 20% of our communities closed at any given time. And so, people continue to move in as they have the need.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So, the way I’d characterize Canada, maybe it’s not around leads, it’s more around just their move-in activity. Canada, a page you might look at is page 7, where at the top, there’s a purple number 4. That really just marks when Canada had 75% of the communities vaccinated. You could see that’s much later than the U.S. And the good news is, we know once we got there in the U.S. that the trends have been phenomenally strong. We would expect the same thing in Canada. So, there was a little bit of underperformance. You can see that on the next page, where Canada in March was negative 20 basis points. Obviously, U.S. was up 80 basis points during that time. So they’re just lagging a little bit. The vaccines came later. They’ve been a good performer for us. We would expect them to come back as the vaccines are fully executed.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I’d say, on the margin, there might be some of that. But, it’s going to be relatively limited moving forward, once we get out -- the pandemic gets further behind us. So, we’re definitely comfortable that margins come back.
Justin Hutchens: There’s basically -- you name it. There’s one free being given or there’s waive in the community fees. There’s just a kind of structurally lower rent being offered. Typically, care charges are never discounted. But, rent and community fees are fair game and operators tend to give them upfront. So, we can get the impact of the discounts behind us. But, there’s a wide variety of discounting right now in the market.
Justin Hutchens: It’s been relatively steady. Yes. It found its way into the system last fall, and it’s been relatively steady. And like I said earlier, operators are starting to get very focused on local markets and pulling back on the discounting where they’re already seeing recovery. One stat I’ll mention that kind of supports that is that 16% of our communities, at the end of April, are back to pre-pandemic occupancies. So, you would imagine that they have pricing power now moving forward again. And so, operators are identifying those communities. They’re starting to tighten a little bit on the discounting. And obviously, that will be supportive of NOI growth.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. There’s been a wide -- I’d say the recovery has been experienced in every geography. And there’s been a little bit of difference. The only real meaningful difference that we can point to is really the south and the southeast. If you dig down into local markets, New York is one that comes to the mine that we visited recently. I would say, they had a very bad early experience with the pandemic. Several of those communities have very, very high leads and move-ins. And so, you’re seeing some recovery happen in the Northeast. It’s going to vary by asset type and price point. And there’s a lot of shaking out to do, I think, before we really start calling markets or particular asset classes. It’s still really early. But, the widespread recovery is very encouraging.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I really can’t comment on what the peers are seeing. But, just within our own markets and what we’re seeing in terms of performance and leads and et cetera, there continues to be strong support for move-ins. And then, as I mentioned earlier, with move-outs being structurally lower, the strong support for netting. So, that’s what we’re seeing.
Justin Hutchens: That’s a great question. And I can tell you that we’re looking for those correlations, and we’re not seeing them yet. What we know is that in the U.S., there’s been widespread recovery. We know that Canada is lagging, but a traditionally very strong performer. And then, we’ll study it closely as the trends materialize.
Bob Probst: Thanks Pete. In my remarks today, I’ll cover our first quarter results, our expectations for the second quarter of 2021 and our recent liquidity, balance sheet and capital activities. Let’s start with our results in the first quarter. Ventas reported first quarter net income of minus $0.15 per share, driven by noncash charges in the quarter as we transferred assets to held for sale. Normalized funds from operations in the first quarter was $0.72 per share, a $0.01 beat versus the high end of our prior guidance range of $0.66 to $0.71. As previously communicated and included in our Q1 guidance range, we received $0.04 in HHS Grants in SHOP in Q1. Adjusted for these grants, Q1 FFO per share was $0.68. As expected, office and triple-net contributed stable sequential NOI performance in the first quarter. Q1 outperformance was driven by better occupancy and lower-than-expected operating expenses in SHOP. As a result, same-store SHOP NOI declined sequentially by 8% in the second quarter versus the first. Turning to our Q2 guidance. Second quarter net income is estimated to range from flat to $0.07 per fully diluted share. Our guidance range for normalized FFO for Q2 is $0.67 to $0.71 per share. The Q2 FFO midpoint of $0.69 is $0.01 higher sequentially than the first quarter results due to an improving SHOP trajectory, after adjusting for HHS Grants in both periods. Key second quarter assumptions underlying our guidance are as follows. Starting with SHOP. Q2 spot occupancy from March 31st to June 30th is forecast to increase between 150 to 250 basis points, with the midpoint assuming the occupancy improvement in March and April, continues through May and June. Sequential SHOP revenue is expected to grow modestly as a result of occupancy gains. While operating expenses, excluding HHS grants, are forecast to be flat with lower COVID costs, offsetting higher costs due to increased occupancy, higher community activity levels and an additional day in the second quarter. Finally, we’ve not included the receipts of HHS Grants in SHOP in our Q2 guidance. In our Office and Triple-net segments, we expect stable NOI in Q2 relative to Q1. And finally, we continue to assume $1 billion in proceeds from property dispositions in the back half of 2021. I’d like to underscore that we’re still in a highly uncertain environment. Though trends in SHOP are positive, the pandemic’s impact on our business remain very difficult to predict. I’ll close our prepared remarks with our liquidity, balance sheet and capital activity. We continue to enjoy robust liquidity with $2.7 billion as of May 5th. Notably, in the first quarter, we renewed our revolver at better pricing and improved our near-term maturity profile by fully repaying $400 million of senior notes due 2023. In terms of capital structure, we maintained total debt to gross asset value at 37% in the first quarter. Q1 net debt-to-EBITDA was 7.1 times, as EBITDA continued to feel the impacts of COVID in the quarter. We expect net debt-to-EBITDA will reach its peak in the first half of ‘21 and then begin to improve in the second half as senior housing rebounds and we reduce debt with asset sales. On behalf of all my colleagues, Ventas is committed to continuing to take the actions to win the post-pandemic recovery, which finally is appearing in our sights. That concludes our prepared remarks. Before we start with Q&A, we’re limiting each caller to two questions to be respectful to everyone on the line. With that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator.
Bob Probst: I’ll take that one, Rich. That’s the Brookdale restructure we did, as you know, in the second half of last year. So, you’ve seen that lap.
Bob Probst: Well, normalized for the big rocks that we addressed last year, you’ll see escalator type growth, Rich, it’s the nature of it.
Bob Probst: We’re reiterating, Nick, that we expect to close, to get the proceeds in the back half of the year. So, it gives you a sense that they’re well underway in many cases.
Bob Probst: Together with the underlying fundamentals, we need to keep pointing to supply-demand equation. And again, as occupancy begins to rehydrate, the in-place increases, more pricing power. So, I don’t think there’s any reason to believe anything other than we’ll get back to normal over time.
Bob Probst: I’d highlight what Justin described as the "turn on the light" scenario, which is the lower occupancy means lower move-out at the same rate of move-outs. That, over time, goes away, obviously, as occupancy goes up. So, in that regard, that’s temporal. The move-ins in the sort of 100% to 110%, before some of these incremental referrals would suggest there should be continued move-in opportunity over time. This isn’t summed [ph] up so much as just real demand. And so, put those together and it not only benefits the second quarter, but should benefit the future.
Bob Probst: Sure. Josh, I think fundamentally, structurally, as we look at it, there isn’t anything structurally that would suggest that the margin structure is changing fundamentally. Timing of that to be determined, obviously. But again, the value proposition of senior housing, the demand that we’ve seen through the pandemic and that we’re seeing, especially now in the second quarter in pricing power, which will return over time, we believe will give some confidence in that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Amanda, this is Debbie. Good morning. I just want to welcome you. I think, this is your first time participating in our call. And we want to welcome you. But, I’ll turn the hard work over to Justin to answer your question.
Debra A. Cafaro: Great. Well, in the dispositions, we’ve commented that we expect it to be a combination of office and senior housing. And again, Justin is here to exercise his professional judgment in terms of how we can make dispositions, enhance our portfolio. And so, a year later, he’s finally getting to that. But Justin, I don’t know what you’ve been doing in between now and then. But, he’s finally -- so that’s how we’re looking at the disposition side. And then, on the investment side, I would say, clearly, our priorities have been the Le Groupe Maurice ground-up development, which is a great business model and has done consistently really well. It’s been, obviously, the life science with the South San Francisco and Hopkins investments, as well as the ground-up developments that our opening kind of seriatim here with the pipeline behind that. And of course, we continue to look at other health care asset classes and senior housing. So, I think we really are on our front foot across our asset classes, Rich.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I believe, first of all, the most important embedded upside that we have in the Company is recapturing and exceeding prior levels of NOI. And as I mentioned, we have every opportunity to do so. And then, of course, on the investment side, you could see external growth coming from that as well.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. And even though -- yes, as you recall, we essentially collected 2.5 years’ worth of full rent upfront. It gets run through the financial statements differently. And just a gratuitous comment, we’re very pleased to see how Brookdale’s reported numbers today and glad we have the warrants.
Debra A. Cafaro: It’s both. I think, it will be a mixture of the ground-up development in senior housing, as we talked about, as well as life science and research and innovation. And we’ve always been an effective consolidator as we’ve grown, and we’re starting to see that deal volume as we talked about. And so, I would expect there to be acquisitions as well, Jordan.
Debra A. Cafaro: They’re in the pipeline at different stages. Some are already kind of out there, others are almost out there, and others are kind of on the way. So, it’s a going through the system.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we are evaluating that closely. And I would say that it is a matter of judgment and experience to make such a prediction. Here’s what’s interesting. Again, starts are dramatically better in the sense that, as Justin said, the first quarter was down gigantically from the peak, and then the lowest level since 2011. So that’s really, really good. We know that really when you look forward in the near term that the most important thing is even if over the next couple of years things start to get on the drawing board, you’re going to have this window of opportunity where you’re going to have 3% to 4% CAGR on over 80 population, which ultimately spikes in 26, 27, over 6%, as you know. And you’re going to have this window of time where the kind of embedded communities are going to have some really great supply-demand tailwinds in this sort of intermediate term. So, hard to say when they would pick up again. We know there are increased construction costs. We know there are supply chain issues. Those will probably delay some of the things that that would start. And we also know that rents right now may not be supportive of those higher construction costs. So, when you put all those things together, we like the forward runway as we come out of -- we really emerge post-pandemic into the recovery.
Debra A. Cafaro: And as you know, once we build the volume, we get the benefit of the in-place increases when you turn the page to 2022. And we have really been able to see pretty strong pricing power in that environment, even this January 1. And so that’s really where you start to accrete in terms of the benefit of the volume that Justin is talking about.
Debra A. Cafaro: Again, we do highly subscribe to the benefits of diversification, Vikram. It has served us incredibly well over the years and particularly over the last year. We have always been big believers in the senior living business. We’re excited that we have this recovery upside opportunity embedded in our portfolio now, and we intend to capture that. And also, we totally do intend to invest and acquire senior housing, assuming we find assets of equality and in markets where we think it’s really going to provide good risk-adjusted return. But yes, we would certainly expect to have that in our acquisition buckets.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we talked about it a little bit. And good morning and welcome to you also. We talked about it a little bit. Construction costs are relatively high. We do know we have the growth in the 80-plus population, which is really fueling this demographic demand that we have. And right now, I think really with the existing investment basis that we have in senior housing, again, the big opportunity is to recover that. There is an opportunity to invest in this great business model that we have in Canada with LGM. We certainly would look at senior housing ground-up development in the U.S. because we do think there’s -- because of the demand. But from a cost standpoint, I think we -- as we discussed, I think you’d have to be cautious to make sure that the returns penciled out commensurate with the risk.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. That’s really not what we’re hearing, and it very well could be just organic demand. So, there are -- go ahead, Justin.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, our bias really, Mike, is that this is organic demand that is based upon the need-based nature of the communities and the availability of the communities, then it is strong, resilient organic demand, and that’s strong. And whether it’s pent-up or not, we aren’t hearing from good sources that if anything other than move-ins that would have moved in now anyway. I don’t know if that makes it more clear, but go ahead, Justin. Yes.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I was actually looking at that on page 9 of the deck. And you can see that. There is -- and that’s why I think we keep using this word, resilient, which I know we use frequently. But, it really is sustained need-based demand from a growing demographic, and that is very positive.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, they could because when you think about it, if you -- maybe -- whatever you want to call it is okay with us. But, when you think about it, for example, when UnitedHealthcare reported and they said really that senior level medical procedures and surgeries and things really haven’t bounced fully back, okay? And you connect that with what Justin said earlier that really a leading indicator of those kind of professional referrals would be really health care procedures. As those seniors start to have those procedures, If you look at that and then you see those professional referrals come back, you could characterize that if you want a pent-up demand as they had delayed those surgeries and so on. So, you could -- I don’t want to quibble over words. I think, what’s good is there’s really good demand and we’re seeing it come through and it’s then two consecutive months, and we hope and are projecting for the second quarter that it will continue.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. And also, we had -- we also had strong outperformance in the first quarter, and that’s obviously helping that momentum.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, thanks for wrapping the call up in a bow. I want to thank everyone who joined us this morning. We sincerely appreciate your participation and your interest in Ventas. And we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Rich Anderson: I guess, the question is, is senior housing a bigger piece of the puzzle two, three years out, now that you’re seeing what you’re seeing? That’s the crux of the question.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And just a quick one. On the triple net number, down 13%, you kind of listed a few good things on the IRF and LTAC side and the hospital side. What was it? What’s the noise in that number that created that 13% downward number on a same-store basis year-over-year? Since you’re just collecting rent.
Rich Anderson: Yes. I guess, I was asking, again, my question is, like what would that 13 be if you normalize those types of things out? That’s what I’m asking.
