Ray Lewis: Hi, Clinton, this is Ray. You know, I think there is some additional upside in those assets through redevelopment and we’ve had some discussions with our tenants about ways that we can work together to – for us to provide capital to them to redevelop some of those assets at Alzheimer’s wings, expand, et cetera. And those are very attractive investments because you get to leverage all the fixed costs in the building and all the common area that exists. So, the returns tend to be pretty high as you can see from the materials we prepared for Atria. With respect to transitioning those assets to RIDEA structures, I don’t think we have any current plans to do that. But I think if we talk with our operators and it made sense for both of us to do that, it’s something we would consider.
Ray Lewis: Yeah, Todd and his team has been out in the market, telling the story to their important hospital relationships and it’s being very well-received and as a consequence, we’re seeing both an increase in acquisition opportunities and development opportunities coming into the pipeline. Development opportunities, as you probably know, are longer lead time transactions. We did announce the Baton Rouge transaction and we hope to follow with more on the heels of that. With respect to acquisitions, the pipeline is pretty strong. We’re working on a number of things that we hope we’ll be able to get done in the near term.
Ray Lewis: With respect to the MOBs, it's about a $1 a foot and that breaks down roughly $0.30 routine, $0.70 non-routine, plus or minus.
Ray Lewis: Well, I mean, I think the CapEx that we're projecting in that portfolio would be comparable to what we're spending in our Sunrise portfolio in that $1,250 to $1,500 per unit that Debbie described earlier.
Ray Lewis: I think the occupancy and the rate were the biggest drivers for sure and the occupancy certainly being the largest of the two. So, the expenses were within normal tolerances.
Ray Lewis: Rob, the high water mark in occupancy was in the third quarter of 2007 where we were at 93.3%. I would echo Debbie's comments and just point out further, we continue to invest capital in these buildings as we've described to maintain them, make sure that they're best-in-Class that they show well, they're well-located. Sunrise is really turning their attention and focusing on operations in a way that's showing results. So we like the trajectory of the portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: Well, you mean Walter Breuning, the oldest man in the world?Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Yes, yes.
Debra Cafaro: Well, he actually recently had to go to the hospital, but we’re all wishing him a speedy recovery. He’s an amazing, wonderful guy.Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: I am sure.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, thank you for answering that – and for asking that. As we talked about in the original Atria call, we are issuing a $350 billion of equity to Lazard at the closing. They really believe in Ventas and they believe in their own assets and so we have great alignment with them and I think their confidence in Ventas is being rewarded. We have a very carefully designed set of contractual arrangements between the two firms that are really designed to continue to support Ventas equity and while 85% of the shares are not technically locked up, they’re a significant sort of time, place and manner governors around how those shares will be held and transferred. And I think most importantly, Lazard has a long history of numerous occasions of being invested in REITs in the past. They’ve been excellent, responsible shareholders and have done what’s really – what’s in their interest, which is to really care about maximizing the value of that equity and we fully expect them to do the same here.Rick Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Debra Cafaro: Well, as you know, Jerry, we are constantly trying to calibrate a portfolio that is balanced in terms of asset type and structures, triple-net operating, et cetera and we believe that that kind of portfolio will deliver value in all kinds of environments and deliver reliable cash flows to shareholders and that's really what we're aiming for. And with the Atria transaction, we will have about a third of our portfolio in senior housing operating transactions. We do expect Ventas to continue to grow and evolve over time and we will continue to evaluate different transactions as they present themselves on their merits.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think, look, we're going to grow the business in numerous ways including medical office, as Ray has talked about and our bread and butter, triple-net lease structure and we will continue calibrating the portfolio in a way that we think continues diversification, balance and this non-correlated reliable cash flows going forward.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Sure. We don't want you to be frustrated, actually. We actually have a different disclosure that's on our supplemental now that really talks about all of our different CapEx buckets. In terms of the senior housing, really it's, as we've talked about, $1,250 to $1,500 per unit per year. And Ray can talk about the MOBs.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I'll take the first part of it and then Ray will take the second part of it. In the near term, the CapEx and the eight redevelopment assets is essentially baked into the purchase price and most of it will already have been– substantially all of it will already have been expended by the time that we close.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And over time there may be assets in exceptional locations where we will choose on a risk-adjusted basis to undertake redevelopment projects and commit capital where we think there will be a 15% to 20% return, as market conditions warrant. But that will all be discretionary after the closing.
Debra Cafaro: That's a great question. I think we're really focused on closing the transaction and I think that at that point in time we'll try to figure out the best way to give disclosure to investors and we actually welcome people's thoughts on what would be most helpful to them.
Debra Cafaro: And by the – just so everyone knows, the reduction to 3.5% is not included in this quarter's numbers but is included in our forward guidance, assuming that the transaction closes. So that will be a – that will be seen in the fourth quarter.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. And again, the owned group of assets that we have, the 57 consolidated were at 94.4%, I think percent occupancy which, again, I think our thesis in combining with Lillibridge is really kind of right assets, on-campus, right hospitals– single and double A hospital systems. So we feel good about that.
Debra Cafaro: Tayo, I'm really surprised at those answers because my normal answer on what we think about every day is our goal is to create extraordinary value for shareholders. So I guess I must have gone down one layer of the onion to identify the MOB and the revenue generators. And as we sit here today, you're right. We have made a lot of headway, checking those things off the box – off our list. I think right now, again, we're very focused on closing the Atria acquisition, closing the Sunrise acquisition and continuing to make sure we have the right team to make good decisions, to continue to grow the portfolio and to manage risk and that's what we always do and then in terms of staying up at night, honestly, we are so exhausted that nothing is keeping us up, so – So I hope that answers your question.Tayo Okusanya – Jefferies & Company: That's helpful. And then second question on the MOB side of the equation, just talk a little bit just if you're seeing any real differentiation in regards to how different markets are performing, especially in regards to rent rolls, rental rates and tenant retention rates.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Okay. I think there are no further questions so I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we, as always, sincerely appreciate everyone's support of Ventas. You can know that the management team here will continue focusing on creating value for all of our stakeholders. We're hoping to see everyone when we get together in New York later this month to celebrate the 50th anniversary of REITs and we hope you have a great weekend. Thank you.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. In terms of – one of the things that's frustrating us I guess in terms of the numbers is you stopped providing maintenance CapEx and I'm trying to understand why and whether we can get some more color on sort of CapEx in general, maintenance CapEx.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And as we think about Atria, any significant CapEx demands there in terms of repositioning their assets? I think there was some that you committed to like $85 million or so, but just a sense of how CapEx plays into that.
Jerry Doctrow – Stifel Nicolaus: And just last thing and I'll jump off. Any other just infrequent items, lease terminations views or anything else in the quarter, we didn't see any and I just wanted to make sure.
