Bob Probst: Thanks, Justin. I will share some highlights of our Q2 performance, discuss our balance sheet and close with our updated 2023 guidance. Starting with 20 -- with Q2 total enterprise performance, we reported second quarter attributable net income of $0.26 per share. There are notable positive net income and NAREIT FFO impacts in the quarter arising from the equitization of the mezzanine loan and the sale of approximately 24% of our shareholding in Ardent. These impacts were excluded from normalized FFO as previously communicated. Normalized FFO per share of $0.75 in the second quarter was ahead of our expectations and increased 4% year-over-year. Meanwhile, total company same-store cash NOI increased 7% year-over-year, with all segments contributing to that growth, and our equitized loan portfolio had a strong start. A few comments on the proactive steps we have taken this year to raise capital at attractive rates and to manage our balance sheet. The market backdrop is challenging, with rates continuing to increase and the 10-year treasury currently well over 4%. We have leveraged our access to diverse sources of capital, having raised $2.4 billion at a compelling 4.6% cash rate with near-term line of sight to a further $600 million in H2. We tapped into multiple capital markets and geographies, including the U.S. and Canada, raising secured, unsecured bank debt and convertible debt across multiple maturities, as well as raising equity and selling assets. And we held down our all-in costs through 10-year treasury interest rate hedges at 3.37% and two-year pay fixed hedges on floating rate debt at 3.88% that we executed post the SVB collapse. All of these hedges are significantly in the money. The use of these capital sources is refinancing 2023 and 2024 debt maturities and most notably paying down in full the $1 billion Santerre senior secured debt, thereby replacing 2024 maturing debt with a longer duration, more permanent capital structure that is accretive to Ventas. As a result of all these efforts, our balance sheet is in a strong spot. We are in a net cash position with near-term liquidity exceeding $3 billion, which covers our limited maturing debt through 2024 by nearly 2.5 times and floating rate exposure is at 10%, the low end of our targeted range. These are strong proof points of our advantaged access to attractive capital and our skill in using that access to the benefit of our shareholders. Finally, our net debt-to-EBITDA in Q2 improved to 7.0 times versus the 7.2 times we anticipated following the equitization of the Mezz. We are committed to a BBB+ balance sheet and we expect that the multiyear SHOP recovery will continue to further improve our leverage metric over time. I will conclude with our updated outlook for 2023. After a good first half of the year, we are reaffirming and narrowing our initial February normalized FFO guidance of $2.97 per share at the midpoint for full year 2023. On a year-over-year basis, our normalized FFO at the midpoint continues to represent 5% growth on an adjusted basis. Bridging versus our initial guidance, we now expect a positive $0.04 impact from the equitized loan portfolio together with the Outpatient Medical and Research and Triple-Net segments, offset by a minus $0.04 SHOP impact driven by U.S. IL occupancy. A final step in the bridge is a positive $0.02 from proactive capital raising, offsetting a $0.02 headwind from a higher forward interest rate curve and incremental dispositions now included in guidance. Net total company same-store cash NOI year-over-year growth is now expected to reach 8% at the midpoint, 50 basis points above our initial guidance. Please see our investor presentation and supplemental disclosure posted to our website for further guidance assumptions. To close, we are pleased with the results for the first half of the year and we are committed to delivering performance and value for our shareholders in the second half and beyond. For Q&A, we ask each caller to stick to one question to be respectful to everyone on the line. And with that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Bob Probst: … I start with the commitment we have to our BBB+ balance sheet, which you know is real. Secondly, the Santerre equitization is 30 basis points levering, ceteris paribus, we highlighted in the last earnings call. As we also emphasized, we are putting a permanent capital structure on that equitized investment and that’s what we have been doing. And that includes equity, includes asset sales, it includes a variety of debt and so it’s really all part of balance sheet management and liquidity and leverage and that’s the rationale.
Bob Probst: Yeah. Juan, let me take the first one. Just the first half on this pool of 468 Justin described ex the 38 assets year-over-year growing in the 18%-ish range. We highlighted in the materials, the impact of the 38 assets coming out of the pool in the second quarter. That’s 330 basis points impact positively to the growth rate. As you think about the full year pool, that’s a good proxy of the impact, and so, hopefully, that puts some numbers behind it all.
Justin Hutchens: That’s a great question. To be a little more specific about it, we have -- all of our Independent Living communities in the U.S. that are not Holiday by Atria are doing great. They have double-digit NOI growth. They have occupancy growth that’s consistent with -- more consistent with the Assisted Living growth that we have seen. The issue is really narrowed down to Holiday and let me describe that a little bit for you. We will have 85 communities with Atria that are Holiday communities moving forward. Over half of those by the end of the year will have benefited from the redev program that I mentioned in our prepared remarks, 17 or 18 of those are done already. We have many more plans throughout the year. So the plan with those communities are staying with Atria to continue to redev program, which is generating very good results. The communities that are transitioning are going to operators that have a great track record in their respective states and have had an excellent track record for us thus far in the Ventas relationship. There’s 26 of those, they were particularly underperforming and we are confident we are putting them in good hands and we have an action plan in place to get those on track. So, I would say it, yeah, it’s really not an IL issue, it’s more of a Holiday by Atria issue and we have plans in place to address it.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. Yeah. The $0.04 we view as recoverable through performance improvements and it’s really all captured in the Holiday portfolio action plans that I described.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. Yeah. The biggest issue with this portfolio has been occupancy. We have had -- where we have had some successes where we invested the CapEx and that’s been a good driver of price and NOI, particularly occupancy remains a focus really across this portfolio and especially in those markets that we are transitioning. The operators are transitioning to have proven to have a robust sales management platform and have executed quickly in the communities that they have managed for us so far. So we are really excited to for them to get started.
Justin Hutchens: Hi. It’s Justin. Fair question. I will take the first part. So the Holiday portfolio was an acquisition by Atria. They had acquired the Manager Holiday and they have been integrating for a period of time. We saw those integration efforts come to conclusion at the end of 2022. At that stage, we were really looking forward to the key selling season to see proof points that the merger integration had been working, and like I said in our prepared remarks, they fell short. So some of the actions were already underway, which includes the redevs. We are doing a more comprehensive redevs in several communities, as I mentioned and then we are transitioning to new operators. We are taking action, we had good visibility into the merger integration and now that we are at this stage, it’s time to step up ROI activities.
Justin Hutchens: In regards to the guidance, really, I will just run through it and so we are looking at cash NOI 15% to 21%. That really preserved the existing midpoint and we have good visibility that, that’s the runway. Occupancy at the midpoint, around 100 basis points, it’s consistent with the performance we have seen year-to-date. RevPOR, the same, revenue a little less than the original guide and OpEx a little less as well. So it’s pretty consistent and there’s a little bit of growth in it, because, obviously, we have been running around -- in this portfolio around 17% so in the second quarter. So a little bit of occupancy growth is contemplated.
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. So on the first point on the occupancy, I am basically just saying we are expecting it to perform consistent with where it performed in the first half of the year in terms of growth supporting 100 basis points year-over-year growth. In terms of the difference in pools, the 468 is obviously performing a little better in the quarter and it’s supporting our original full year guidance. So, therefore, the natural conclusion is there’s probably less performance if you kept those communities in, that’s demonstrated in the $0.04 that we talked about earlier, that $0.04 is really pointing to the Holiday by Atria portfolio, and therefore, the actions we are taking are really to address that performance.
Justin Hutchens: In regards to pricing, I can say within our portfolio that our releasing spreads are as good as they have ever been historically. They have been mostly positive to slightly negative even following big rent increases in the beginning of the year. We are in the key selling season now. Clearly, operators are wanting to take advantage of that. So there’s always some kind of price movement that occurs during this period, and certainly, it’s something that we constantly look at and operators look at where can we reprice to make sure we are striking that balance between volume and rate. So I would expect to see movement in certain markets amongst operators to try to compete.
Justin Hutchens: So -- yeah. This is Justin. I will start with the second question first and that’s the change in occupancy. As I have mentioned, what we are looking for with all the integration activities behind the Holiday by Atria portfolio, we are really looking for is key selling season. Key selling season starts in May. June, July, August are going to be particularly strong months. So all eyes are on June and you really don’t know the net impact until the end of the month. When the end of the month came in, it was disappointing. And the way models work, you have to bake in results and so that would flow through the rest of the year. As I mentioned, we have actions underway to address that trending. In terms of pricing, pricing still remained very strong. We didn’t feature it in this deck, because it’s really more of a first quarter phenomenon for us as we have high levels of in-house rent increases. We still see very strong increases on our anniversary. Those are really not -- it’s not a big part of our portfolio, but it’s more independent living, and you generally see around 7% or so in those increases, so very strong. Pricing power is, in our view, is going to continue to be a big opportunity and only gets better as occupancy goes up. We are not even close to having scarcity of value. But what we have is a backdrop that has supply-demand dynamics that supports net absorption in the sector and we are going to play into that with price and volume and we think that opportunity will continue for some time.
Justin Hutchens: Okay. Yeah. Sure. Good -- that’s a good opportunity to clarify something. So we are moving communities away from Holiday by Atria, there’s 26 of those, we mentioned 12 redevs that we are doing. There are also communities that are remaining with Atria and there’s actions underway to help improve the performance within those, they are still in the same-store pool. They are getting redevs, but they are not the comprehensive redev that would remove them from the pool. So that’s probably where the confusion is. That remains an area of focus, even within that, the revised same-store pool, there’s Holiday communities that are -- that have a big opportunity to improve performance.
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. Sure. So I would say, there’s opportunity to keep up with the market. We can’t really point to a big macro reason or even a local market reason in these markets, it really is going to come down to execution. We are doing what we can to make them more competitive. We put new operators in place. We are putting redev CapEx in place. That will help drive pricing, NOI, volume. Atria is very focused on this. The new operators are focused on this. We are all over it. So our intent is to get them back to market and beyond.
Justin Hutchens: Yeah. Great question. It’s sales execution. One of the things that I noted in the prepared remarks is that, leading indicators have been strong and that’s true in a lot of these communities in a lot of these markets as well. We just need to capture that opportunity. I have confidence in the new operator’s ability to do this. They are excited and ready to get started.
Debra Cafaro: So this is Debbie. Thanks for the question. I would say, we are off to a strong start there. We are -- the NOI expectations have been increased and that’s principally the reason, and that’s really from this intense kind of focus on asset management and integration and making sure we are taking all the steps we can to maximize cash flow and value.
Debra Cafaro: Sure. So Pete’s bringing the magic to the MOB portfolio, which is in very early stages and is the largest part of the portfolio. And then the Triple-Net Healthcare portfolio is going well and we are generating additional expectations from there. And I do want to take a minute and turn it over to Pete to talk about some of his early activities and you will get a sense for why it’s going as well.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. So I am enjoying being back in the SNF business, especially as some of the operating trends are getting a little bit better. These are about $135,000 a bed, each of the situations within the Healthcare Triple-Net portfolio that we took ownership of is unique situation and that will change kind of cap rate and per bed valuations. But we are happy with the low 8%s and -- on these portfolios and there’s unique -- part of the value-add of this project is really the experience and the judgment to handle each one of these uniquely and get the best outcome and with these particular sales, we are doing that.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks so much and I want to thank all of you again for joining us this morning. We are excited about the opportunity ahead of us. We remain convinced of the momentum and the multiyear growth and recovery story and we are all aligned around achieving and capturing that. So we look forward to seeing you soon, and again, appreciate your participation this morning. Thank you.
