James Milam: My first question, you guys talked a little bit about the balance sheet activity, I was just wondering if you could give us a little color on where you guys stand in terms of cash in line of credit and if there are any needs to extend the duration of some of the debt that's outstanding now post-quarter close.
James Milam: Okay. So with the repayment of the NHP debt and the calling of your notes, there wasn't an increase in -- I mean I guess there is no -- I guess what you just said there's $1 billion of available in your line of credit, so there isn't a substantial need to extend rates on any other outstanding debt line now? So...
James Milam: Okay. And then just my last one on the senior housing portfolio. You guys, obviously, your expectation remains sort of 5% growth out of that portfolio, I was wondering if you could just break down for me, how that splits out in terms of stabilized assets, where you just expect better rate versus the growth you expect from some of the assets that need to stabilize, so to fill up the redevelopment portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Dave, we have over $1 billion in liquidity under our line credit facility, and it's our intention, at some point in the second half of the year, to increase and extend our existing revolving credit facility. Hopefully on very favorable terms.
Debra Cafaro: Right. Remember, that we -- NHP got an $800 million term loan prior to the closing that we have the benefit of, at LIBOR plus 150, so that we have expanded capacity now. So that's why we have over $1 billion of availability.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean there are a variety of things, and they would include those that you mentioned, which are the timing of the deal, more investment activity than we had projected and the overall lower capital costs.
Debra Cafaro: I mean we have talked with them and in fact, one of the rating agencies put out a piece on this really when the rule was originally proposed, and the overall view is really the right view for bondholders, which is that if you're a bondholder of Ventas basically you have 3 layers of protection to your bond and all the credits of Ventas are extraordinary, and I think are an important component of the ratings as well. And so, while I think no one would characterize the rule as a positive credit event. I think the rating agencies obviously knew about the proposal and are comfortable with the ratings for Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Thank you for asking that. I mean, Jerry, we have really been fired up about all the different things that we've been doing at Ventas over the last couple of years and over the last 10 years, really to build this stake, strong business, very diversified, try to stay focused, we have great well-covered leases and good diversification even within now the skilled nursing portfolio. So I would tell you that if you look at NHP's last quarter supplemental, which they published, you could see the top 15 tenants there, and you can see that's the EBITDARM coverages for the skilled nursing tenants are quite high. And we've given a composite view of the coverages in the supplemental and it may read so on with a significant cut, and that looks really good. I would tell you in any situation, in any portfolio, you're always going to have a bottom group of stragglers but the key point about everything that we've done with the diversification and so on, is that anything that could happen would be wildly immaterial for the company. And so we feel good about where we are.
Debra Cafaro: Yes good. I think that is a good question as well. And by the way, in the event that we do expect that there could be market opportunities as well, and we'd be very well positioned to take advantage of those, if they do occur in the skilled nursing business. If you go to your next question.
Debra Cafaro: No, it doesn't. As a typical it wouldn't include capital transactions or acquisitions or divestitures.
Debra Cafaro: As I checked the market, it didn't seem to like anyone this last week or so. I'll let Ray answer that.
Debra Cafaro: I hadn't been looking at the screen this morning, so maybe I'll be disappointed when I get off the call. But look, I mean I think that people are really missing the size, strength, feel and diversification of the business here, all the things that we've been talking about, the positioning of the dividend. Again, if you look back over time and as I mentioned, there are these episodic periods of volatility that investors react to. And at the end of the day, we always cycle through them, and this is one of the reasons we like to have a bulletproof balance sheet. And we like to stay strong and diverse. But this has happened before, and we always kind of weather through it and our job is to execute. Our job is to deliver cash flows, to make good decisions, to really deliver for investors. And I think in the end, if we do that, as we have over the past 10 years, then the stock will follow. And so that's our job.
Debra Cafaro: Well I believe that over the past -- since 2004 or so we've grown the dividend by about 8% on occasion basis. And as you know, NHP had one of the lowest payout ratios in the sector. We've actually reduced that somewhat by virtue due to the fact that our dividend was even lower on adjusted basis, and our dividend payout ratio has been the lowest. And therefore, again, if we deliver the cash flows and we continue to grow the business and we have room to increase the dividend and make it continue to grow in a reliable and secure way, I would say that, that certainly is a good investment attribute of Ventas that will be particularly attractive, I would say, in relatively low growth environment that we have with low returns on people's invested capital and money market funds of bonds and the like.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well, thanks for that update. I was wondering if I was going to have to go check the Bloomberg, but thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Sorry to interrupt, Michael. But also I think we're seeing good acquisition activity potentially on the medical assets building side, which is, again, a very good stable business that -- Todd is here with us. We're seeing some nice smaller size transactions in that business. And I think we'll continue to grow there as well. So that's, I think the best visibility we have really on what the deal flow is likely to look like over the coming quarter or so.
Debra Cafaro: Right. Well obviously we'll have the benefit of a full year of the second half of accretion. We'll have hopefully growth in the Atria and Sunrise businesses, and then we'll have growth in the NHP businesses. And then obviously added to that any potential refinancing activity, any additional synergies that we're able to capture from NHP and then any back half accretive investment activity. So that would be the menu, if you will, of things that could accelerate into 2012.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean I'd say most of it is baked into the back half, and then maybe we can tick up some more going in to 2012.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. I was a holdover from Mayor Daley's administration, I think. But anyway, it is really important I think. It's really helpful in my job to get a broader picture of things and that group has a very broad picture of the economy. There was also a group that recently met with the Governor of Illinois to talk about business and wide range manufacture, financial services and things like that. So I would say in my conversations with people that the tone has really shifted broadly from really a bull-iant one in, say, February of this year to obviously one where people have much lower growth expectations, much higher probabilities on the potential for a double dip. And generally are definitely seeing their businesses affected by a slowing economy. And that is more consistent, frankly, with what our view has been for the whole year. And why we think that Ventas really is an attractive investment opportunity, and you could apply that potentially to REITs generally, but if you can really continue to deliver steady reliable growth of growing dividend, low risk, strong balance sheet, not a lot of kind of internal volatility, I think that in the environment that I think we're in and that seems to be the environment that my compatriots outside of healthcare and outside of real estate seem to think we're in, that is going to be a pretty scarce commodity, in my opinion. And so that's where we're positioning the business, and I think it will be attractive to investors. But I do think the macro-trends are soft, is I think probably a good word for that.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean basically, we have the term loan at L-plus 150. We did the $700 million of bonds at lower rates than we expected. And overall, since our capital costs are lower than we had projected initially.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I would say generally that was the primary one and we like the way the rest of the business is structured.
Debra Cafaro: No. We do talk about EBITDARM for a couple of reasons. One is that we really believe when operators, tenant operators who look at their portfolios, it's that what they look at because it's really what their cash flow to them. But also, various people apply different management fee to the EBITDARM. And so you might see on hospitals, a 2% to 3%. You might see on skilled nursing 4% to 5%. And so we like to let people kind of put their own included number in there. But in general, big picture, it would be in the 0.35%, 0.4%-ish adjustment to a portfolio when you go from EBITDAR to EBITDARM on a kind of averaging kind of basis.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean you're making a very important point. I mean when these rules take effect, as I've said, it takes a while for the full impact of them, both on the positive and the negative side to be really fully understood. And so, sort of everybody in the market right now particularly in the real estate market is sort of trying to take this mathematical sensitivity, and that's a good place that they need to start. But people need to understand that these are complex businesses, the rules are complex in general. And frankly, the impact to different operators even on the top line is going to be a much wider range and is going to be different by operator. It's not going to be 11.1%, for example, to every operator on the top line. So there will be a range. For example, some of NHP's tenants may not be in the super high acuity or whatever. They may have a much lesser impact to begin with. Then you go to the expense side -- well not just expense side but you go to mitigation, and the operators, there are lots of things that they do, do and they can do to change their mix, to change their expense and cost structure, to manage -- to care for that mix and so on. And the good operators, as I said, manage through these changes every single year. This is a larger change, and so they've already started their mitigation plans and efforts. And I think started them actually sometime ago when the perspective rule came out. And so I think you will see mitigation reduce the impact of the rule, which frankly, may be smaller or greater on any given operator depending on where they kind of went into this. So if I hope that's helpful.
Debra Cafaro: So, no. But let's make a broader kind of discussion and that is, it is important for, especially real estate investors, to understand there's a broad sort of health-care world, the hospitals recently got an increase, the in-patients regular hospitals, the LTACs have gotten an increase, in-patient rehab has gotten an increase as well, and so there are these sort of cycles within the business. I would say that Medicaid expectations are generally plus or minus kind of 1% growth on average throughout the portfolio, and again that's where being in multiple states can really help you. And there will be again continued sort of cost containment efforts at the federal level and at the state level. And that as we have talked about for a while, I think those produce cost pressures on providers. But overall, this is part of kind of a long history of healthcare and is part of the normal expected cycle. And that's again, why we've tried to both go a lot more private pay at our business and also to have well-covered leases that are designed really to anticipate these changes in government reimbursement. So no other Jimmy Choo to drop, but we certainly are in a period where budget issues will be in the forefront. So, I hope everybody understood the Jimmy Choo reference.
Debra Cafaro: Ross, I'm sitting right here next to my dear friend and General Counsel, Rick Riney. And what I would say is that we're very limited in the comments and responses we can give at this point because of the pending punitive damage trial. And I apologize for that, but we think that's really the right course of action.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, good questions. We believe in general that using a lease structure -- or using a management structure versus a lease structure really in our mind has been for a kind of the prime of the prime, which is kind of best asset, best operator, best market, because in a growing economy you really should get that lift. In a softer economy these are still your primo assets. And as we know from just old-fashioned real estate that tends to be kind of where you want to be. And Hearthstone are very good assets. They are decent market, and I think they'll do well. We think Senior Care is the right kind of operator for those assets, and Ray will elaborate on that. But, we just think a lease structure for the asset is really the way we wanted to go on this. And I'll let Ray kind of elaborate on that.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, look, there's a zillion different puts and takes of cash and noncash items as you're pointing out, as when you do your merger accounting. And there maybe net effects of couple pennies or whatever one way or another when all get said and done. And so there maybe some but it won't be anything -- it's not anything wildly material, again.
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's the same answer for all of them. I think we will refinance them as they become due hopefully at lower rates. And in general, NHP had virtually no secured debt, so we have really good credit profile on the secured debt front. But we would hopefully continue to do more unsecured as the bond market is agreeable to the same. So those are our plans for the maturities.
Debra Cafaro: In 2013, we have certain of the master lease renewals coming up, as we do sort of consistently. And we would expect Kindred to continue to renew those. Those are all bundle -- those are all mixes together as multi-facility master leases with long-term acute-care hospitals as well. That's for 2013.
Debra Cafaro: Well, Suzanne, we have a judgment for $102 million, which was the difference between what the contract was that we had to buy Sunrise REIT and what we ended up paying. And that's the judgment that we have. And as Rick said, the single issue that's going to be addressed in the punitive damage trial is really separate and sort of on top of that for punitive damages. And punitive damages are really just to discourage similar behavior. That's what the punitive damages trial is about.
Debra Cafaro: Well I can tell you in 2006 we did reset the rent under our Kindred leases by $33 million a year upward. We increased rent in the reset. We've had various reset rights and other leases that have enabled us to increase rent to market, and we've done that as well. So...
Debra Cafaro: We're going to lose all the REIT guys on the phone but I'll try to take that one. There is a post-acute continuing of care. As we know, when you get out of the regular hospital, there's whole variety of settings where people can go, in-patient rehab, long-term acute-care hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, et cetera. Long-term acute-care hospitals also are an important part of the healthcare delivery system albeit it being a smaller one than skilled nursing facilities, they take care of much sicker, more clinically complex patients and get a higher Medicare rate, which of course we just mentioned is increasing in the fiscal year 2012. So I feel good that obviously, CMS and others are recognizing the merits of LTACs and in-patient rehab hospitals in the healthcare setting. And I don't know if you know so, there's actually is a patient certification that was introduced in Congress this week, which further kind of validates the LTAC model, particularly the one that's really high acuity, medically complex patients, medically fragile patients like the ones that Kindred cared for. And so hopefully that answers your question.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It is true that at the end of the day, it still is all about the patient and healthcare. And I would tell you that we don't really discuss our patient outcomes by operator. I mean that's really for them to do. I would tell you that Paul Diaz and the team at Kindred have initiated some years ago a quality initiative and they really have done a fantastic job in getting to a point, where I think they could be #1 in quality among nursing home operators nationally, and that of course does lead to better patient outcomes. And so, I think we do track that. And I would encourage you to really talk to Kindred about some of the particulars around patient outcomes and quality.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I'm actually glad you mentioned that because when Ray was talking about trends, that was one of the things that I think is a positive trend, which is it does appear that this year Congress, again for these people, there's going to -- so-called cliff for physician payment that is every single year gets pushed out another year. It never occurs. And just keeps getting pushed out and people talk about the "docs fix" for that gets permanently fixed so there's not an appending cliff or cut in reimbursements for physicians going forward. And this year, there is a belief that the docs fix will take effect therefore physicians will have a known kind of visibility into their reimbursement rates, and they won't have this annual thing hanging over their heads anymore. And so I do think that will be positive if that occurs for the Medical Office Building business. To the extent that that's a paid for i.e., somewhere else, and somebody has to pay for that there may be kind of reductions to the Medicare gross rate that are from other healthcare sectors. It could be home health, could be hospitals, could be who knows what. And so I think that it's out there but I don't view that as -- I think the nursing home guys have really given up the office. And so I think it's really less likely to affect them although it may in some small measure.
Debra Cafaro: I think, there's a general believe that they will do this "do the docs fix," but again time will tell.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I think what we have found in life generally and as a company is that in every challenge there's also an opportunity. And what we challenge ourselves with is to say, whatever happens we have the kind of business that can really get -- kind of have the staying power and the strength to deal with it. The management expertise and skill and the insight to really kind of do well for our shareholders, in light of changes. And so I think that you always have to be understanding of that. And as we've said before, if there are challenges in the marketplace, and we think we have good visibility, it may prove to be an opportunity. I think obviously it's too early to say that, but we do believe the sector is an important sector. And so that could happen. As for now, I would say that we're continuing on our private pay focus. We do like the seniors housing and MOB sector, and we'll continue to invest there. And as the situation evolves and clarifies, we will consider, hopefully seeing and using opportunities for the benefit of our shareholders in others spaces.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well the secured debt level will be quite low, and we can get you a specific on that pro forma for NHP. But again, in terms of the maturity, we do have a convert due in November, $230 million, that's an unsecured piece of paper and that's really our only material -- that's really our only maturity this year. We are constantly evaluating. David Smith works on this. And Rick Schweinhart and I are constantly evaluating what's the new issuance rate is compared to the all-in investment that we would incur, where we can pay off existing debt and incur prepayment penalties. We have done some of that. And obviously, where we can call notes at any time and extend the maturity at lower rates, I mean that generally, I would say a good thing to do. And we've benefited from having a staggard maturity schedule. And again, hedging into different levels, different spreads different base rates and that's really helped the company. And I do think we have more opportunities there over time. So, wow, this was a long call. Thank you, all for participating. We very much appreciate your attention and your support. I do want to point out that something that got lost in the shuffle, which is that we have, I think enhanced our supplemental disclosure. We try to put some more information in there regarding our seniors housing portfolio, in terms of markets and different kinds of occupancies, statistics and so on. So we hope that, that additional enhanced disclosure will be something that you'll all appreciate.  And we did correct Page 9 of the supplemental this morning about 10:30 or so. So if you pulled one earlier, you might want to take a look at that.  So thank you again, and we look forward to speaking with you soon after I hope you have a good August after earnings season, and we look forward to getting back on the conference circuit starting in September. So, thanks again.
Raymond Lewis: James, as we said before, the fill-up in redevelopment portfolio is providing about $5 million to $10 million of annual income in the Atria portfolio. So that's an important driver of the margin, but the bulk of the growth continues to come through the stabilized portfolios in Sunrise and Atria.
Raymond Lewis: So, Jerry, with 1,300 properties, I think there's going to be a much larger number of opportunities to strategically recycle capital in our portfolio, and so we're putting together an active plan right now to sort of go through all of our assets and identify those where we think it's the right time to be selling and monetizing and recycling that capital onto different asset classes. So we think that's another opportunity for us to continue to drive performance in our portfolio over time.
Raymond Lewis: Yes. So, Jerry, I think consistent with what you've been hearing this week, I think the market is still digesting the information from CMS, with respect to how that's going to impact pricing on skilled nursing transactions. And we, like others, are going to wait and see how that plays out and see what sort of opportunities that present. So I couldn't really tell you what the ultimate impact on pricing is going to be of that development. With respect to general market conditions, it's always been our view and we've stated very consistently that over time, cap rates adjust to changes and cost of capital but there's often a lag and so, depending upon how long conditions persist. It may take some time for the market to adjust to the new cost of capital should they remain in place.
Raymond Lewis: Yes. And I think if you look back over the last several years, where the housing market has been struggling mightily, you'll see that our primarily need driven assisted living and all-timers portfolio in Sunrise has performed and held up quite well on a relative basis to other real estate asset classes and we would expect that to continue going forward. It has proven, I think, through the last cycle to be fairly resilient in the face of challenging housing conditions. We don't see that changing.
Raymond Lewis: Yes, I'll start that and yes, Debbie will jump in. So, Michael I think one of the key investment theses in NHP was the regional acquisitions platform, which allows us to hit higher yielding transactions that are basically singles and keep making accretive acquisitions and growing our cash flow externally through all environments. We can't really predict how many or when large transactions are going to emerge. We've certainly been very successful at winning our fair share of those. But the ability to work these 70 relationships that we have and target these local and regional operators and create a consistent flow of attractive yielding investment, I think, is something that we're really excited about with NHP, and something that has proven to be correct in terms of investment thesis so far in our 10 years.
Raymond Lewis: There are still a number of large portfolios in private hands that we expect to transact. Obviously, as the market becomes a little less clear and a little more uncertain, people may hold on to those a little longer. So things that we might have thought we would see in the third quarter may be postponed until there's a little bit more clarity around the direction of cost of capital. Right now, we've been continuing to hit the singles in NHP, and that's a good deal flow for us. Debbie mentioned our Medical Office Building pipeline, which also has a number of $100 million or so transactions in it. So that's going to keep us busy until some of these other larger portfolios come to market. But...
Raymond Lewis: Well we've always been a believer, Rich, that public-to-public consolidation in our space makes sense. And we certainly have been an active player in that. But outside of that, there's not a lot of that I'm aware of.
Raymond Lewis: I think between the 2 portfolios -- let me just touch on Atria, first. I think what we're seeing there is pretty much what we expected going in. You pointed out, we've got a month so you can't draw a lot out of that, but it's performing as we expected. Between the 2 portfolios, I think it's important to note a couple of differences. One, and this is an important one, Sunrise has a higher percentage of double occupancy rooms in its portfolio, and so those will actually drive a higher average rate because you're getting the benefit of having 2 people paying for one unit for full care. And it works in the higher acuity models like Sunrise. And you also get a little bit better margin off of those units because your leveraging your fixed costs across those 2 residents. So you'll see a little bit higher rate and a little bit better margin coming out of the Sunrise portfolio. And I think that will be consistent over time.
Raymond Lewis: Sure. So Ross, you may recall the transaction we did with Senior Care in 2006, and they were the first people that came to mind when we started to really get into the Hearthstone situation and think about how to optimize these assets going forward. Because they basically ran the same playbook against the, what used to be called, the balance care portfolio. Those are newer assets, secondary markets, a little bit higher percentage of double occupancy and had generally been undermanaged. And they were able to come in. They increased occupancy 1,200 basis points. They increased rates over 30% over that time period. And I think the one thing that they did that distinguished themselves is they turned around the culture of these buildings. And they're recognized now as one of the top 100 places to work in the U.S. by Modern Healthcare. They really have a great operating model. And so we felt very comfortable bringing them into this portfolio because we saw there's a perfect corollary. And using the lease structure as an alignment tool enables both of us to do well over time as they turn around this portfolio. And so for all those reasons, we thought this was the right operator in the right structure for this circumstance.
Raymond Lewis: Of course. I think that the answer is that the straight lining rules that they follow and we follow are exactly the same. Everything that was straight line will be straight line. We will do the same thing that NHP did, which is we will determine whether reserves should be put on certain straight line items, and we believe that the change in the straight lining effect will be very minimal to a quarter.
Raymond Lewis: Jeff, this is Ray. There's a little acuity in that rate but not a lot of it. A lot of it is just an increase in rate that was passed through to residents in the second quarter.
Raymond Lewis: Well on a quarter-over-quarter basis, no. I wouldn't say that's likely to be something we'd see every quarter.
Raymond Lewis: And the way that we structure our leases, Suzanne, is that upon renewal there's either a contractual escalation or a right to reset rents to market. And to the extent there's a right to reset rents to market is typically the greater of fair market or a contractual escalation. So that's the process that we go through when we structure our leases.
Raymond Lewis: Yes. This is Ray. With respect to the Medical Office Building portfolio, our stabilized portfolio at 93.4% is still very well occupied by any relative standard. So we're really happy about that, you know that the occupancy has declined slightly but there's nothing to really attribute it to other than sort of normal frictional turnover within the buildings.
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I mean that is an observation we're seeing in our portfolio, Todd, that people are signing shorter-term leases as they try to figure out what's going to end up happening with reimbursements and other things long term. I think the other trend that is sort of feeding into that is consolidation among physician groups and by hospitals acquiring physician groups. So with that trend accelerating a lot of physician groups are taking shorter term leases to give them more flexibility to either align with each other or with hospital systems. So those 2 driving factors, I think are causing our tenants generally to favor shorter term leases at the moment.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Debbie, don't get too worried. Your stock is only down 2.2%, the REITs are down 3% and the broad market is down 3.3%. So...
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: In your opening comments, you mentioned one of the things about Ventas and its position today, there was acquisition opportunities, and you said having the ability to do anything in sizes, asset types or structures and combinations thereof. And I'm just curious as you think about your deal activity today, and obviously, the last 18 months of positioning the company through the deals that you have done, I'm just curious where you sort of see that trending over the next 12 months in terms of what your desires of what you want to be doing in terms of size, asset types and structures.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And on the G&A front is there -- what sort of volume or what type of amount is that heading into next year versus what you're have in the back half? I think you talked about $15 million of G&A savings. I don't know how much of that is baked in to the back half of the year versus next year.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then just last question. Debbie, you're part of Rahm's World Business Chicago. It's a group of 50 people that are pretty extraordinary in their own right, in terms of their diverse business experience and governmental experience that they have. And so I'm just curious if whether you've been together as a group, and what you've learned and what you're hearing from -- pull yourself out of the healthcare and real estate industry for a second, What you sort of hear on the broad economy in the market.
