Justin Hutchens: Good morning. So if you look closely at the numbers, you’ll see this is on Page 13 of the investor deck that we shared. The total number is up. So we have 13,000 – over 13,000 leads in July; we had a little close to 12,500 in June. There was a little bit of slowness around the 4th of July, as reported by our operators. But altogether, we really view this as an improving trend. The percent versus prior year is just there for reference.
Justin Hutchens: Well, in regards to move-outs, they’ve been relatively consistent versus prior year levels, except for the month of April, which we’ve mentioned was driven by New York, New Jersey. And we’re not getting any reports of pent-up move-outs or any really notable drivers that would change the trend. So we expect move-outs really to be relatively stable, absent any external circumstances we’re not aware of today. And the big focus is really just to see leads and ultimately move-ins to overcome the move-outs over time.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. This other pool contains many operators. There’s only one operator within it that’s more than 1% of our NOI. The rest – really, it’s very diverse, too. I mean, they’re diverse from a geographic standpoint, they’re diverse from the standpoint of how the pandemic has impacted performance. There are certainly different product types mixed in. And then there’s also different credit profiles within each of the operators, and they all have slightly different coverage ratios. So there’s a lot of moving parts that we’ve been evaluating. Certainly, it’s something we’ve kept a very close eye on. There are a few operators, in particular, that we’ve been more focused on, and there’s just one that has a little bit more than 1% of the NOI, and that’s had most of our focus, and we anticipate having a resolution with them relatively soon. But I think what’s – the key takeaway is the bigger and higher priority leases have been addressed already. We have a track record of taking action, and then we have certainly a close eye on all the dynamics I just described to determine any actions we may take moving forward.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you. The first thing I’d say is it’s not really a direct connection between the chart and the bottom right and the move-ins and move-outs reflected on the left. Move-ins and move-outs are really recorded on a month and the bottom right is really showing a weekly trend. And so if you’re trying to do some math and correlate the two, it’s going to be difficult. But I will point this out, and this hopefully is helpful to you, it’s really an age-old rule in the sector that the vast majority of move-in activity happens on the last day of the month. And then the vast majority of move-out activity happens on the first day of the month. And so that – as you look across this trend here, and you can see it on a weekly basis, it clearly plays out that way. And that just gives you a feel for how the two work together to ultimately net occupancy.
Justin Hutchens: Well, I’ll tell you, the short answer is we really don’t know for sure. And there’s encouraging trends. As we’ve all mentioned, I think the one that I was most encouraged about, quite frankly, was the clinical outcomes. As the U.S. had increases in new cases with COVID-19, our portfolio resisted that trend. And all the credit goes to our operators for protecting the health and safety of all of our residents, and that’s a real credit. But I bring that up because the virus is a bit unpredictable as well, and that’s the big backdrop that we’re facing. We are encouraged, though, by two things; one is the fact that we’re starting to offer a lifestyle within our communities that more residents are attracted to where they can move about and do activities and participate in dining and visit most importantly is that with their loved ones, and we’re really encouraged to see the improvement in leads. So the demand characteristics are improving, and they look good. But it’s a bit too early to start making predictions about additional demand at this stage.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, I’m not really sure how to size it more than what we’ve shown you here. You can see, if you look at Page 13, and then you just look at – you can see the trend, particularly in the top two boxes, you can see the leads, you can see how the leads are translating into move-ins. The things we look at, we look at conversion ratios, we look at lead volume. And there has been strong conversions in our need based product. Our independent living benefits from longer length of stay. So they’ve had less dependency to maintain occupancy on new move-in traffic. And all of this is working together really to create the outcome that we’ve been reporting. There’s a lot of moving parts in a big diversified portfolio. I don’t know I’m going to place really pinpoint anything more on that point.
Justin Hutchens: Good morning. Let me start with ESL, and I’ll revisit a comment I made on the last earnings call where I referenced the improvement – the sequential improvement in first quarter performance versus the fourth quarter, and ESL was a contributor to that improvement. So that was a good indicator. Certainly, they have – it’s a relatively young company, but it’s a company that has strengthened their management team. They have a lot of experience at the senior management level. And we’ve observed really good steps that they’ve made to strengthen the company and the platform. We’ve also noted that during this pandemic, which obviously completely changes the performance profile of every company, that they’ve done really well. They’ve navigated the pandemic well and just as well as the rest of our operators in the portfolio, and we’re very pleased and very proud of the ESL management team for their contributions. In regards to the second part, in terms of diversification, the SHOP operating platform, really, where we’ve been focused in this stage of the pandemic is supporting existing operators in every way that we can. We’ve been a little less forward-looking as we’ve been dealing with the leases that you mentioned, and we’ve been giving a lot of support to the SHOP operating platform. So that’s where our focus has been at this time.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So if you we were to talk about the month of July, one way to look at this is that 99% of our communities, at any given time, were open; and 1% were not taking move-ins. But even within that, there was movement, and among the segments there was movement. So frankly, I think there’s around 30 communities that actually moved backwards among the segments. But then we had just as many or close as many approved. So there is a little bit of movement back and forth. But very few communities, quite frankly, that are involved in the movement throughout the month of July, and the net result, of course, is very positive to see the vast majority of the portfolio offering the more robust lifestyle.
Justin Hutchens: Thank you, Debbie. The one thing I would just point to is just the approaches that our operators have used to keep our residents safe. And you actually see it in investor deck on Page 15 it falls into three categories; there’s screening, which is something as a practice, they really started it right way, and then you’re familiar with daily temperature checks and symptom screening and the health questionnaires that happen; and then the protecting, which has to do with social distancing and PPE and resident cohorts and cleaning and disinfecting; and then testing has been widely utilized across our operators as well. So all of those have been – things have been working together to create an environment that is safe for our residents and our employees. And as you can see, really from everything we’ve shared and both on the call and through the materials, so that the results have been good. And so as long as those trends persist, we would expect to see communities open and accepting move-ins and allowing for residents to move about safely among – in the community and have visitation with relatives that is really, really important to the residents and – but done so in a very safe way in a restricted manner. So at this time, the trend really is leaning more towards opening. And certainly, as we’ve seen in our own portfolio, that if there is a new infection or new infections that find their way into a community, they may reverse course a bit. But the overwhelming trend has really been more towards opening at this point.
Justin Hutchens: That’s a great question. And if you can look at – if you look at the deck we provided, if you go to Page 14 then you can see that we’ve included a map that describes what I’m going to tell you. And that is that the – to Debbie’s point earlier, where we had the most impact really from the virus in the early stages was in New York and New Jersey. But the virus peak in that geography is well behind us as well. And the highest lead and move-in trend right now in recent weeks is really in the northeast, primarily in New York and New Jersey. But having said that, away from that outlier, it’s very consistently improving all across the country. And you can see it as we reflect it, we have the size of the circle on this page that reflects the NOI concentration. The color really reflects that – the state is reflecting the number of new cases per 100,000 population and the general population. So it indicates whether or not there’s increased virus spread in the general population. And then the color of the circle is really about the move-in versus prior year. And you can see there’s a lot of green circles and irregardless of what’s happening externally with the virus. And that’s an indicator of the demand for our services. And as I said, we’re seeing that across all geographies.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, the industry has a very strong case to tell. Essentially, the senior living care providers care for the largest group of seniors. The vast majority of the seniors are 85 and over, many have significant comorbidities. And importantly, the clinical record of the senior care providers and keeping seniors safe has been far superior than in other sectors that have received significant support. So all of the policy predicates for receiving support from HHS to mitigate the financial costs of the COVID pandemic are there. And really, it’s just a question of continuing to educate the policymakers on those key points and continuing to, again, respectfully request their financial support. And we’re hopeful, but remaining cautious around our outreach.
Debra A. Cafaro: It is because the sequential pool contains that. So Nick, we don’t have that broken out, but we can take that offline with you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks. We are really happy. As we’ve said, that we have reached these attractive transactions with our biggest triple-net senior housing operators, Capital Senior, Holiday and Brookdale, and I will turn it over to Justin to address the remaining 40%.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. I can tell you that our Board – we have a great Board. Our Board is very experienced and very independent. Obviously, succession planning, regardless of the tenure or age of a CEO, is one of the core functions of any board, and I can assure you that our Board performs all of its duties in an exceptionally positive and good way, and that would include succession. And I’ve always been really proud of the deep and experienced Ventas team that we have and that we’ve continued to augment this year. So you should feel really good about that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks. I mean, obviously, capital allocation is something that’s extremely important. We start out with a view that we price diversification by geography, by asset class, by operator. We found it to be a tremendous strength over a long period of time. Over the past several years, our focus really has been on growing the MOB, life science and R&I development business, and that has been a capital allocation priority and, again, is serving us really well. Our team is active really across sectors, although I would say that we would likely prioritize, again, the life science, R&I development and MOB businesses, while at the same time, I would say we have terrific exposure to upside in senior housing in a variety of ways. It is a significant part of our business. So we’re happy about that for when the business turns, but we would continue to be very selective in our senior housing investments were we to make any at this time.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Good question. Let me start and then I’ll turn it over to Justin. So basically, again, as you say, we are encouraged by the sustained improvement in demand that we saw from the April time frame to where we are now. And it has – I think it’s more in the former category of your question rather than the latter. It’s a need-based business, it’s demographically driven. Obviously, if you just watch the news, there’s going to be a psychological impact on individuals and families willingness and readiness to move-in. And I think that has had an effect. What we are happy about seeing is in places like New York, where that was the epicenter and, obviously, early and where there was a deep psychological and clinical impact of the pandemic, Atria, for example, had a July that was better than it had last July, significantly so, and better than June. So I almost think of it as a time series, where you start to see the virus. At some point, it effects, it then – we’re a lagging indicator, let me say. And then it may affect move-ins either because of psychology or because the communities are restricted to do move-ins, as Justin said. And then at some point, the cases get under control and improvements are made, communities move back into the green and can offer richer lifestyle and over time, psychology improves, people feel more confident. We have testing protocols. And then you can see an improvement in the trends. And we’re seeing this on a geographical basis operating exactly as I’ve described. Within the U.S. at this time with New York, at this point, starting to show some stronger trends, having been a month or two or three away from the real nadir of the pandemic there. And what’s also encouraging is that in the regions where the virus is more widespread, the south and the west, we’ve learned a lot clinically and treatments are better, protocols are better and, therefore, clinical results are better, which is keeping more communities open to new residents. And so this is a multifaceted situation. As we’ve said, remains uncertain. We have to be very humble in our expectations about our ability to predict the future. But so far, we’re seeing the sustained positive trend. So I hope that puts it in perspective for you and answers your question.
Debra A. Cafaro: You’re an abuser, but I’ll give you one tidbit. So I mean, obviously, we’re very pleased that we got into the life science business and have expanded that part of our business, and have a longstanding commitment to hospital affiliated medical office buildings, mostly on-campus, as Pete described. And the cap rates for research and innovation or life science have continued to stay strong and, in many cases, have even strengthened further. So that’s a little tidbit for you that has enhanced the value of our portfolio.
Debra A. Cafaro: So again, that’s about $170 million of cash rent. It’s all relatively small tenants, as Justin said. These tenants are performing on an aggregate basis, substantially better than the capital senior Brookdale and Holiday tenants were prior to the pandemic. They certainly will feel the same pressures of the sector that the SHOP operators are feeling directionally, but may have different credit profiles, different geographies, different business models, et cetera, that could make the outcomes vary. And also, I would just say that really, the outcomes are going to be really dependent upon basically, what the trajectory of the property performance is going forward, whether there is some kind of government relief for the industry, what the credit support that we have for the individual leases is and, obviously, where the pandemic goes. And so I think we’ve really demonstrated a commitment to being decisive and proactive, creative, whatever word you want to use, and you have our commitment to continue to do so. But as Bob said, we will continue to try to collect our rents.
Debra A. Cafaro: Bob, I’ll take that. I mean, that’s correct. It was not in the $40 million. And the Colony loan is a LIBOR-based loan, and there continues to be, for the time being, very significant cushion between the cash flow of the collateral and the debt service.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure thing. So we think the Brookdale deal is a really well balanced, thoughtful structure that’s really customized to create some significant key benefits for Ventas, of course, but also for Brookdale. So we are trying to balance creating certainty for our shareholders, a sustainable rent stream and that’s really important over the – as we still – and the industry still is combating COVID. We wanted to create significant opportunity for upside, which we did through the 8% warrant in Brookdale, so that we have the opportunity to hear an industry recovery and, in particular, at Brookdale, not only on our own portfolio, but also on their own portfolio, so a broader-based upside participation opportunity. And of course, getting the cash upfront and all the upfront consideration really replaces over 2.5 years of the cash rent reduction that we gave. And so we thought that was really great. And in the meanwhile, we did improve lease coverage and we created a better, stronger, more stable tenant overall. And that was really a very thoughtful, again, I think, very mutually beneficial type of transaction that accomplished the objectives of both companies.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think of it as prepaid rent, but they won’t let me write it that way, but that’s sort of what I think about.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you, Lukas. I know that Pete Bulgarelli has been awaiting that question. So Pete, I’m going to turn it over to you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good question. We sit here at the beginning of August, and there’s obviously a lot of uncertainty in schools and other types of settings. And I’ll ask Justin to really comment on what the operators are doing as it relates to the fall protocol.
Debra A. Cafaro: And it’s also going to be interesting to see whether all of the processes that have been adopted and the heightened sensitivity is really going to have any measurable positive effects on the spread of influenza in the fall. And we don’t yet know that, there are various hypotheses floating around, but that will be an interesting – it will be an interesting test case this year to see whether that shows better trends than usual. So we’ll have to wait and see on that.
Debra A. Cafaro: And part of it also is the ability of the buildings to stay in the more rich resident experience, which encourages move-ins. And again, that’s a very – it’s a very unpredictable trend and communities, as Justin said, are moving in and out of this frequently and depending on virus activity. But overall, I think the math presents the right picture at this moment in time. But again, we want to be cautious and humble about the predictive abilities going forward. So if there are no further questions, I really want to thank everyone for their attendance today for their interest in our company, for their participation. And I hope you and yours stay vigilant and safe, and we look forward to seeing you on the other side of this thing. Take care.
Bob Probst: You know qualitatively, Rich – sorry, qualitatively, the story in the third quarter, we expect a sequential decline on occupancy and in the bottom line. And it really will be led by two things that will determine that; one is the pace of the occupancy decline, which we’ve seen good trends there as you see in the deck; and then secondly, RevPOR, and RevPOR is really a function of the pricing environment in the market. Those will be the key drivers. Cost, sequentially, we expect will not be a key driver. It’s really going to be revenue driven. But all in, we expect that sequential decline, the pace of that decline to improve versus that $20 million you referenced.
Bob Probst: Yes. I’ll take that one. The answer to the first question is Holiday and Brookdale are not in that $53 million. And the second question is, we have collected all of the rents that we expected on these eight tenants. So this is really a go-forward assessment of future rents, meaning that we’re fully current.
Bob Probst: Right. That’s plan A. This is the same question, I’m sure you’re asking everybody in the REIT sector Tayo, because we’re all seeing the same sorts of leverage pressure just toward the EBITDA degradation, which ultimately we believe is timing. And we believe in the stabilization and the recovery in senior housing, particularly, and so that’s the key. In the meantime, the focus is on liquidity, first and foremost, and we’re in a great spot there. We remain committed to a strong balance sheet. We have a long track record of being within that 5 to 6 times range. And when we’ve gone out, we found a way back in for net debt to EBITDA. So it’s I’m sure a conversation in every boardroom, but is really a timing issue in my mind.
Bob Probst: Sure. Kind of a gas and clutch answer, I think, to that question because, again, we saw $42 million of direct COVID costs in the second – labor and supplies and PP&E and so on. And we expect just because of the protocol necessary to keep residents safe, and we’re going to continue to see that kind of expense. At the same time, some of the offset, and this really was better than we had expected from the last time we talked, was on other mitigating costs. And you mentioned, for example, sales and marketing costs which, again, as you have more communities in segments one and two, we’ll have less marketing costs. So I would expect as we have more activity on the sales side, you’ll see some increase in the costs there. Meanwhile, we can begin to dampen some of the pressure on the direct costs just because per unit costs are going down and are managing the labor very efficiently. So I mentioned earlier to a question of kind of flattish, if I thought about sequential OpEx, and it’s really that gas and clutch phenomenon that’s driving that.
Bob Probst: Yes, it’s treated as deferred revenue flowing through NOI, so that – and amortized over the remaining period of at least 5.5 years.
Steve Valiquette: So I just had a couple on the Brookdale restructuring. First, I guess, it seemed to us that Ventas was focused on gaining some liquidity as part of that restructured Brookdale agreement with the $235 million of upfront consideration. So I guess, first, I’m wondering if you can just speak to a little more of your thoughts on wanting to gain some upfront cash as opposed to maybe absorbing a smaller rent reduction unless that’s the nearest characterization, of course, and then I’ll have an accounting follow-up question on Brookdale after this one.
Steve Valiquette: Okay, that’s helpful. And then the accounting question around this separate from the rent reduction, you had that statement in the press release that Ventas expects to recognize the full value of the upfront consideration from Brookdale ratably over the remaining base term of lease.
Steve Valiquette: I just want to confirm, as you divide that $235 million and recognize that, presumably, I guess, quarterly over the next five years or so, will that show up in one of the other income lines as opposed to property revenue? I’m assuming it will still flow into NOI, but I just want to make sure I understand which line that will flow into. Thanks.
