Debra Cafaro: Thanks Michael. Good morning and good morning Smedes. So, what I think is really important as I highlighted are these the incredible interest in the space from existing players, new entrants of all types and there are good reasons for that interest. So, the way we look at it is that every environment is going to give us an opportunity to create value and we view that interest as one more tool in our toolkit that could be used either to team up for growth and/or could be used to recycle capital or both. And it will depend on the individual situations and opportunities, but it’s a very positive development.
Debra Cafaro: Sure. Good morning. Let me recap the transaction for you and this is a very mutually beneficial transaction for Ventas and Kindred and the two companies work very well together to enable Kindred to achieve its strategic objective of exiting the SNF business. So, the way it works from our side is Kindred will either purchase from us in connection with third party sales or otherwise, 36 SNFs for $700 million or as an alternative if that does not occur, they would renew those 36 SNFs out through 2025. At the present time, we expect Kindred to we believe transaction is on track to sell those assets as Kindred has stated publicly and that’s our current expectation, but either way, we’re in a good position as we look forward on those 36 SNFs.
Debra Cafaro: Well as Bob pointed out, the LTAC just started going through their patient criteria and the trough of that we expect to see really through mid-2017 and then would presumably start to improve through the back half and into '18 and remember we report on the trailing 12 basis. So, we’ll be well into '18 I think before you see the impact of the coverage improvement of those sequential quarters should expect to see an improvement in the net mitigated impact of criteria towards the back half of '17, subject of course to seasonality as we see in that business.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I see we’re up late last night reading the CMS website. So, good for you. As you correctly point out, the market basket came out for fiscal year 2018 for the SNF last. It’s a 1% increase, which is in line with what we expected from several years ago that was what was cancelled in a couple years ago. In terms of proposed rule to change some of the reimbursement for 2019, which is what I think you're talking about, I would say that this has been on our radar screen for quite a long time as we looked at the higher therapy utilization and so this is at some point an expected change from us. I think the important point is that it is intended to be revenue neutral. There is a long way from here to a final rule and I think it's really just something that for us will be not overly relevant as SNFs will be 1% of our business. But I do see that this is where CMS and OIG and the other regulatory authorities have targeted which is to adjust that and shift the way they pay the SNFs away from some of the ultra-high therapy categories and really into the nursing and Tier component of the business.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks Nick. I would say that we're very happy to have a large and attractive medical office building business and believe we created a lot of value in terms of that time that we acquired the business and how we scaled at probably seven times since we got together with Todd and his team back in 2010. And I am excited about the continuing compression in cap rate that ties exactly to what I was talking in terms of the institutional interest in our asset classes MOBs being a prominent one and people really, really love the assets. They're core-like qualities with still exactly about core return and that’s why I’m excited about where the valuation is.
Debra Cafaro: It is a direct result of what we outlined as our strategic priorities. I think that in this environment that we have, we believe that liquidity in an important competitive advantage, and as I said it is offensive and defensive. It enables you to take advantage of opportunities through financial strengths and it also protect shareholder's capital and those are both core values obviously. And so, we intend to maintain a strong balance sheet, but we are always active on acquisitions and having greater liquidity we think is our top strategic priority for the year and we’ve already done a great job expanding the revolver by 50% or $1 billion, so we’re very happy with that.
Debra Cafaro: Great question. A couple things, one is as you mentioned, this has been on the radar screen. I think people have been reviewing, these ultra-high therapy utilization minutes as you point out and this is a consequence of that. And so very much a continuation of the trends that we have expected and seen in this business. I would tell you that there is an estimate and this would in fact for the public operators result in a modest diminution of EBITDAR, but the real issue is that the good operators in healthcare businesses are constantly working through these changes in reimbursement. Typically, they're telegraph very early on. There is a lot of industry comment and there is a transition period. And so, I think you have to look at potential behavioral changes, which the rules want to incentivize and generally you’ll probably see less utilization of those therapies and those high categories, but the good operators will be able to hopefully manage through that in a relatively a neutral way.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, and that's exactly what we factored into, what we were talking about before in terms of there is a very specific guidance provided by Kindred, who is the leading LTAC operator of what the mitigated and unmitigated impact is and what are share is expected to be as it effects coverage and the 2018 CMS rule is perfectly in line with our projections and Kindred’s expectations. Kindred is mitigating the impact, again as we talk about how operators do this through taking more site neutral patients and that's becoming an important part of the business driving volume and then hopefully being able to contain cost. And so that is how Kindred has express visibility to mitigate the impact of those changes and again very well telegraphed and understood and it’s up to Kindred then to execute its business plan within that context.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say that you're right that one day it's terminating faster and the next day it's not and the next day it is again and so there is a little bit of policy whiplash going on across all businesses certainly including ours. And we have always said that we believe the hospital business is a huge secular opportunity for us as the leading capital provider and that we would do business with high quality assets and high-quality providers and I think we've done that. Right now, our focus is on the integration of LHP and Ardent, which we said is going well and we're continuing to do work, but obviously we'll be very, very selective in allocating capital while there is a wide range of possible outcomes. I would say that most of our hospital customers and relationships in parts business are full speed ahead with all of the things that they have been focused on for many years, which are unrelated to repeal and replace and its value-based care, it's cost containment, it's quality, its expansion of market share etcetera. And so, to summarize we continue to believe it's a great opportunity for us long-term. We have been selective and we'll continue to be selective and we think that right now, we're cautious but continuing to work in the business.
Debra Cafaro: Well thank you for the watch out memory lane there. We did get an A-plus for reading the market right and protecting the firm, which enabled us then to come out of the financial crisis early, faster, stronger and then go back into growth mode. I think we are always reading the external environment. We are nimble. I think we've been able to find ways in different environment to create value and certainly, the liquidity is an area of focus from a opportunistic and a risk management standpoint. We've already closed a $1 billion in attractive investments and we have really over the last 18 months I would say shifted our capital allocation efforts really into this selective hospitals, customer related deals and the high-quality investments in future growth with the development, redevelopment pipeline and that's what we foresaw and I think we're in exactly the spot where we wanted to be on those things coupled with really smart dispositions.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think that there is a strong bid as I pointed out in our asset makes our asset extremely valuable. I think this has been going on again for a while and it continues without abating and it's in fact accelerating. So that makes our assets more valuable and it requires us as we have done to shift our focus on capital allocation to where we see the best risk adjusted returns. And that has been in you can see this funding of the Ardent expansion where we're getting almost an 9% return, good risk adjusted returns, scaling the platform. We're investing in these higher yielding, yet high quality and future growth development, redevelopment opportunities and we’re doing smart dispositions among other things. So, there are always ways we like it that our assets are more valuable but there are always ways given our position in the market, given our diversified portfolio, given our relationships and platforms where we can invest attractively and that’s what we’re doing.
Debra Cafaro: Great. So, with that Ryan, I think we’ve completed all the questions and I just want to close by saying that we are delighted we were able to deliver strong results this quarter across the Board. We have a great high quality diverse and balanced portfolio, great financial strength and liquidity. We’ve been expanding our leading platform, focusing on cash flow and cash flow growth and value creation and we have a great team here at Ventas that’s working hard for you. So, with that I want to just say let’s go pens and with all due difference to our friends in Washington and we look forward to seeing everyone soon. Thank you very much.
Bob Probst: Juan its Bob here. And I agree a positive start to the year, 2.9% quite happy with that. And within that in particular the rate growth we see on an adjusted basis for the day year-over-year over four that was really important sign for us for the quarter and for the year. So that’s really encouraging. The occupancy change certainly impacted by the flu and new supply coming online, in line with what we had told you back in February, I think I mentioned we were probably the 200 basis points down range. I think that’s probably a good place to pencil in for the balance of the year. We are starting from a lower point as we enter in the second quarter. We will follow seasonal patterns obviously, but we expect there is still to be a gap and that’s principally with new construction coming online. The important thing you highlight to is not only prices, its expenses. Nice to see expenses in line with revenue and driven in part by controlling your cost, flexing labor versus occupancy to make sure you protect your margin and we saw that in the first quarter. So that’s an important part of the balance of the year.
Bob Probst: Well you have the wage pressure we've talked at length outlines about that continues to be part of the equation for sure. We've said 4% to 5% for the year, we saw about 4% in the quarter. So, it's really our job to make sure we are mitigating that’s to these other means flexing labor, driving the indirect costs to hold that in line with revenue. So that’s the job to be done. 
Bob Probst: Well, thanks for asking, I think an important thing to highlight in this extra day last year versus this year. That clearly has an impact both on expenses and on revenue. Depending on how you bill, there is a revenue in fact in some cases for us, we have operators that bill by the day. And when I talked about the RevPAR adjusted about 4% it's recognizing that fact, but obviously for expenses that has an impact across the portfolio. And so that is one of the items you need to lay as you look at 1.9% year-on-year, or even sequentially, you have to factor in the day's impacts. So, there is an unusual item there I would highlight.
Bob Probst: Good catch. We'll continue to have you'll see in our full year outlook money in that line item. Things like net deal costs will run through there. So not every deal happens. Clearly, because of the new roles you’ll see some capitalize will successful deals, but what you basically see running through there are run rate costs on deal that don’t happened.
Bob Probst: Great question. Probably sound like a broken record here, but I do believe we have strong pricing power and senior housing both up and our approach as we thought about the base rent increases was looking where we had advantage positions, high barrier to entry markets with pricing power and pricing to reflect that. Not only in base rent but also in car provision and we did not see financial move out quote as a consequence of any material kind and that to me is really encouraging. Where we see -- clearly see pricing pressure is in the market where new supply is coming online and that's no surprise, that's as expected. And in that situation, we're a price taker and we need to make sure we're watching occupancy vis-à-vis price. And the good news for the portfolio overall and the high barrier to entry markets we compete in is that drives overall growth for the portfolio, but it’s really a tale of two cities as you look at the different markets.
Bob Probst: Yes, it has been trending consistently flat for our portfolio here for about three period in a row which we're encouraged by.
Bob Probst: Percentage of inventory when restated as Nick does, we do now and to be able to see what is the like-for-like period to period and on that basis, we improve modestly in this period. So that's encouraging. I also noted at the same time and this is not unusual more of that construction rolling forward and being pushed in future quarters in terms of what to expected to start. And that is the dynamic we've seen and continue to see that file wave a bit moving forward. So, we'll see where it goes, but three periods in a row now of being flattish is encouraging to us.
Bob Probst: It's slightly over $2 million, so when adjusting for that you come back to 1.5% growth on a more underlying basis pretty much in line with our 1% to 2% guidance.
Bob Probst: Yes, I think we certainly foresaw some of the impact here on the flu when we had the February call and that clearly is an unusual item as you look at the quarter and the sequential impact, there is always a softening in the first quarter sequentially, but that was exacerbated I think by the flu no doubt. That 200-basis point range is really for the full year and reflects the range we've given of guidance overall. So, we're starting from a lower point. There is new supply coming online through the balance of the year and therefore that 200 basis point is part of the range of expectation going forward. Now I hope we can do better. I hope we have 160 now down. I hope we can tie in that gap and again that's what the operators are very focused on, but the range reflects that that gap being either consistent or slightly wider based on new deliveries.
Bob Probst: Sure, so the new construction will not be surprised as you look at the NIC data. Markets like Atlanta, Dallas, Detroit, Chicago, that's where the pressure is and that's the 30% we talk about within our SHOP portfolio where the pressures are, but again the New York's and LAs and San Fran's powering along and very strong.
Bob Probst: Right. So, we're about $25 million in the first quarter. Our guidance is the 130 range, so clearly a ramp on the balance of the year. Very typical to see in the back half in particular that's been to ramp.
Bob Probst: Yeah absolutely, we were very pleased with it and let me talk about the markets a bit, thanks for asking. The Canada result continues to be really strong. 7% in the quarter, we saw similar growth last year. Occupancy is pushing 95% and we see real opportunity for further pricing there and we have a wonderful portfolio in that country. So that’s really powering and helping the business and similarly, I keep talking about the engine room markets in the U.S., New York, LA, San Francisco, Boston. We continue to go from strength to strength in those markets and the pricing is really taking hold there and that’s really positive. The other part of the portfolio continues to be the same markets and you know as well as I which ones those are and again, the competitive pressure we see there is on price. We see labor pressure there. So, all the same dynamics we expected are happening, but overall those strong markets are driving the business. So, we had a strong start. So, we’re encouraged. 
Tayo Okusanya: Yes, good morning, everyone. Just a couple for me. First of all, cograts on the quarter. I thought things look pretty good.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. That’s helpful. Then secondly, going back to the proposed changes to the SNF case mix, and again understanding that you guys elaborate a little SNF exposure going forward, but you take a look this…
Tayo Okusanya: No worry that way you're coming from. I guess what I am trying to understand with that is that again the theory here is that although the overall dollars may not change, when you take look at the reallocation that CMS is proposing, it seems to have some real impact for SNFs that historically have been very heavy in regards to utilizing the high therapy rug categories. And that seems to be like a general complaint regulators have had again quite of few of the large public SNF operators. So, I guess my question is would you expect some all those large SNF operators, if this thing is going to go through to be heavily negatively impacted even though overall dollar still remain to be roughly the same.
