Robert Probst: Hi, Mike. Thanks for the question. The framework you referred to, just as a reminder, is the one we laid out in February, which attempted to quantify the impact of supply where we talked about 70% of our portfolio, which is in equilibrium or better in terms of supply/demand and 30%, which potentially has a supply surplus. To answer your question, the first quarter really, we think proved out that framework very much in line. As I mentioned, the 70% engine grew mid-single-digits, very much in line with our expectation. The 30% did have an impact, it declined at a low single-digit rate. Again, very much in line with guidance provided in February. So, performing very much as expected and that is with units coming online. So, we are seeing units coming online. That began about Q3 of last year and will continue basically through the year, as per the NIC data. So, very much consistent with what we told you.
Robert Probst: Well based on the NIC data, our observation is things tend to get pushed out, as you look at the openings. It looks to be fairly steady over the balance of the year. But also continuing into the first two quarters of 2017 based on that data.
Robert Probst: Yeah. Juan, I wouldn't read anything into that. We called out the key driver of that triple net increase was really the Kindred LTAC deal that Debbie referred to, which for the triple net segment has an impact to raise. But, overall it doesn't materially raise the range. So, the guidance stays as is therefore.
Robert Probst: Therefore at the high end of the range, we're holding the range at 1% to 3%. So, certainly you could see consistent growth across the quarters to achieve that high end. The range is really dictated by the impact of supply, which we talk a lot about. And should those trends continue as we saw in the first quarter, we would be pushing towards that higher end, but the range is there for a reason.
Robert Probst: It was about 1%, roughly of the total. I think it's a little bit of a complex story, just from a timing point of view. And then in the quarter, we had the lease termination fee benefit, which drove the 4.2%. But obviously that tenant left and we need to therefore replace that tenant to see the timing issue of having to replace that tenant. And the occupancy decline you saw sequentially was really described by that tenant in total. So...
Robert Probst: Yeah. Just like in office. So, you'll see that, and we highlighted that second quarter impact of that. And then as we fill that back up, you'll see the benefit in the back half.
Robert Probst: Yeah. There is an element of seasonality, but year-over-year we highlighted that, it's really driven by the rate increase, so very intentional desire to drive rate, this is a wonderful business, needs driven, and we believe a real opportunity to continue to drive rate recognizing the value proposition of senior housing. So, we've very intentionally been putting our foot to the accelerator on that, knowing there would be an occupancy impact; but net-net-net, we highlighted a 4% revenue growth in the quarter and a strong underlying profit as a consequence. So, we think a good move.
Robert Probst: Right. We said ceteris paribus, all else equal, that would be a benefit is certainly true. But the world is never ceteris paribus. There's lots of things that were going on. So, it was helpful.
Robert Probst: But, it wasn't something that would drive outsize performance. And net-net, when you step back from the adjustment for tax, we grew nearly 4%. So, clearly a strong quarter.
Robert Probst: No. I think it's – I'm glad you asked the question, because what has not changed, if we look full-year is $500 million of dispositions and $350 million of acquisitions that is the same from our last guidance. We expressed the acquisitions in the press release as $200 million incremental which is from here, as we did $150 million in the first quarter. And so, that $350 million is just kind of a timing issue when that money is being spent. The balance is fungible in that we can talk about either redevelopment or we can talk about debt reduction, it's simple to understand that we have approximately a $300 million of gross debt reduction inherent in that forecast, if we have $500 million of dispose, $200 million of incremental acquisition the balance will be debt reduction. So that's the math, but redevelopment hasn't changed either, so.
Robert Probst: Right. Well, first off all, it's important to highlight that that real estate tax charge, which I identified is in the reported results through the expense line in the quarter. And therefore, you need to adjust that out, if you're looking at a more underlying performance, and that's in line with revenue and roughly in that 4% range as you highlight. Within that clearly, there have been wage pressures, whether of minimum wage or as we have shortages of nurses or whatever else, but that comes right back to the need to drive our rate in part and parcel.
Robert Probst: And so, holding margins through rate, covering that expense pressure and at the same time driving cost productivity importantly as part of that through operational excellence, is inherent in that holding net margin for the full-year.
Robert Probst: Which I'm assuming is, why is it lower? And it's really timing, if you look at it. We had a number of things, particularly in the accounts payable line that in prior year – if you compare to prior year, we had the Kindred fee and other fees we've referred to in the first quarter, which benefited cash flow in the first quarter of roughly $40 million.
Robert Probst: Of last year. To bring it back, typically Q1, is an outflow just seasonally from a timing point of view on the payable line. So, last year was really more of an anomaly as far as that goes. And the other one is really timing around interest payments on bonds that are flowing through interest payables. So, they're really timing issues, John, but it's a good catch, absolutely. So, you should see that turnaround to the balance of the year.
Robert Probst: Yeah. I don't think, you should be so focused on flu solely, right? Because there's a number of factors, clearly that as we've said all else equal is a tailwind. You have a number of factors that are impacting occupancy this quarter, we talked a lot about rates, certainly the rate is intentional and is driving majority of that. There is also an impact of the new units coming on line and affecting occupancy as I said in my prepared remarks. So, that is coming through that line as well. And again, in line with our expectation. So, it's really a combination of factors, where it's really hard to pull out anyone.
Robert Probst: No. Quite the contrary. We're going the other way as I said, we're driving rate, not discounting. And the NIC data would suggest in terms of rate growth that similarly across the industry, there is good rate growth. So hopefully, others are seeing the same, which is a great value proposition in senior housing.
Robert Probst: Right. I would describe it as a modest sequential decline. We talked about 10 basis points in terms of units under construction. So, we're certainly not doing the touchdown dance yet on that. I think, where is it headed from here? It's a good question. We don't have a lot more information than you do. I think everybody is starting to understand without there, there's been a lot of talk about supply clearly. And so, lenders and developers and everybody else taking note, we hope is what's going to happen, but only time will tell. We have no evidence to suggest that's true.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Thanks for asking. We think our life science investment is a great investment on a standalone basis. A great sponsor in Blackstone and this was the core kind of best of the biomed real estate, this tranche of the financing. So, regarding life science, I think we've been very consistent for five years in our thoughts, which are that it is a good asset class, it's only 5% of the pie. And so, under the right circumstances like we found here, if there is an opportunity to make a really good investment we'll do so. But, it's not a must-have like we articulated about the MOB back in 2008, 2009, which is almost 40% of the $1 trillion pie.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So, the RAC audits were recently announced, they are called recovery audit contractors, who come in and sort of look at the billings under Medicare. And as you mentioned, that process has occurred over time with hospitals who are well through that including inpatient rehab, but it's new to post-acute. And I think that you may see some impact either from operators, perhaps more conservatively coding and you may see some impact as you saw in [indiscernible] some years ago, where there are some objections to billings either past or present and that can have some impact on cash flows or EBITDAR. From our standpoint, we believe that Kindred, who is our principal post-acute partner, is very well positioned. The services that Kindred provides are clinically mandated and approved and it has a really good infrastructure to – that is ready – because obviously, it's been in the [indiscernible] business as well, that's ready to deal with the RAC audit, so we feel good about that.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Well, we have a great relationship with Blackstone, who we admire greatly. And we also have a good relationship with your firm that was involved in the financing. And so, this was really an opportunity that was presented to us that we think is a great risk-adjusted return in a pool of assets that were very, very prime as a segment of the biomed business and about which we had a lot of knowledge and information to begin with.
Debra Cafaro: We're at a – I would call it a lower tranche, we're in the high-70%s kind of loan to cost, so very attractive there. But at the lower end it was bought at par.
Debra Cafaro: Wow, you have an overactive imagination. But I like it. I would say that, this is a good standalone investment that we made with a lot of expertise that my partner John Cobb has in the debt market and with our friends at both those firms. So, you should just think of it as a great standalone investment.
Debra Cafaro: Well, first of all, we do believe in having a high quality portfolio, and having diversification and balance in that portfolio. And that includes markets, asset types, et cetera. So, as we look at our normal capital recycling in terms of dispositions, I think senior housing is one of the areas that we would consider having in that pool and we've said that. And we're constantly checking the market and constantly reviewing our portfolio for the best candidate for capital recycling.
Debra Cafaro: So, yes, we did buy a Holiday portfolio. It's a high quality one. It was one of the earlier more curated portfolios that Fortress put out there. We did structure it well in, in a way to get 4.5% escalators in the early years, the last one of those is in 2016. And we would expect over time that portfolio to, A, on the rent side go back to more normalized level, and over time to grow into normalized coverage. So, the new CEO I think has some great ideas. I think the portfolio in general in the company at Holiday had a good start to the year. And so, we feel fine about our rent and feel good about it.
Debra Cafaro: We quoted the net benefit, net of the rent, we would have received in the period. I think the lease would have expired prior to the end of this year.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Good. So, thanks for asking about that, because we were trying to count here how many good deals that we and Kindred have done together over the last, however, many years, and I think it was eight years or nine years. And this most recent one is a good example of how both the companies have elevated and improved their portfolios through – over time as we've engaged in these transactions. So, what we've said is, we have strong coverage now at [indiscernible] times in our post-acute portfolio. When you look forward, we've kept all the rent, we would expect to exit seven of those LTACs. And of course, we have changes in reimbursement in the LTAC sector starting to come into play in 2016 in September for Kindred. And so, when you look at all that net-net-net, we would expect a temporary 10 basis points to 20 basis point impact on coverage as we work through and then normalizing as we come out of LTAC patient criteria.
Debra Cafaro: So, that's the net effect of a whole series of things. But this single transaction I think is a great way for both of us to position that LTAC portfolio to succeed.
Debra Cafaro: It's about 6%. And since the rents is – we're keeping all the rents, plus we are getting $6.5 million, it stays 6%.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. And the key point is that we also generate cash flow, which is fungible, as is source as well and so.
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's nice that we were able to acquire the Atria portfolio, when we did, which had as its largest component, the New York MSA, which has been a great market for us. And as you point out, we do have two high quality developments ongoing. Both would be operated by Atria; one in Foster City in the San Francisco MSA and one in Palm Beach County. Obviously, both attractive areas. And we continue to look at development and redevelopment opportunities with Atria and others in all these markets. And would feel positive, frankly, about if we found a good site in any of these dense markets to do a development that we had confidence in. Our bar on ground up development, however, is very high. And so, we want to make sure that we're really underwriting it carefully and have confidence in the outcomes. And that's why, we have just kind of the MOB in downtown San Francisco with Sutter and these two senior housing developments in these great areas with Atria ongoing right now.
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for the compliment. It didn't always feel like it at the time, but hopefully in retrospect it is a very good track record of disciplined capital allocation by our team. Look, I mean, what gets us excited at Ventas is making money for our stakeholders. And that has come and will come in many different forms, but that's what gets us excited. And that's that we are going to continue to drive toward.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we think we have a high quality diverse portfolio with leading operators in our industry, the Brookdales, the Holidays and so on. And the portfolios are well underwritten with credit support and the assets, as Bob said, are growing, EBITDARM. And so, we feel we're at a good level of coverage that's market-based or above market base. And with a reasonable CapEx imputed, we're above 1.0 times...
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Yep. I think that's a really very good comment, because over the years, there has been I think a lot of misperception amongst investors that one type of investment, call it SHOP has risk, and one, call it, triple net doesn't have risk and so on and so forth. When we do underwriting of any asset that we're acquiring – at the end of the day, those assets have to produce cash flow. And so that is what we are focused on always first and foremost. And then along with it, in all these areas, is it a leading operators, what's the asset, and the management team's position in the marketplace, can we provide additional structural support in the case of triple net and like guarantees and security deposits and so on? But at the end of the day, we are looking for good assets that are going to perform through good operating partners and that's true regardless of structure. So, you make a good point. And I think we've done that successfully.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good question. Look, I think bundled payments are going to help hospitals, let's start there. And that was, of course, one underpinning of our hospital thesis and investment as hospitals control more of these dollars and patients. And so far, again, these just started in the 67 markets on hips and knees in April of this year. Kindred has said that as far as this project goes, it's going to have minimal impact they believe and impart I think they're using this new project to prove out that they are the best positioned post-acute provider in the country, who can deliver really good post-acute care, limit readmissions and do so for a reasonable cost. And that's, of course, the providers in post-acute, who are going to thrive in the future. But, there can be as part of these trends, some evidence that some patients will go directly from the hospital, either to senior living frankly, or to home health. And that's a trend that has been going on for some time, and will continue. But again, the skilled nursing guys have a role to play in the post-acute delivery of care and there are plenty of these patients, believe me. Plenty of people are having hips and knees replaced. And so, hopefully, there are enough patients for everyone.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I think, there will be winners and thrivers and consolidators, like Ardent and others, like HCA. But again, they're sort of getting the payments in the bundled payment, and they are paying the post-acute providers. And so, we believe that the hospitals will do well, and the post-acute providers who can deliver quality and do so at a low cost, and limit readmissions are going to get more market share.
Debra Cafaro: I am so – thank you for asking that, because that's something we talked about and we are happy to answer.
Debra Cafaro: I would say that obviously when we look at rents, we're looking at it on an effective rent basis, there are targeted markets, for example, Brookdale has talked about it, where they're providing concessions in some cases that they use that after the Emeritus merger. And a lot of those Brookdale has said are – they expect to burn off and not be replaced during 2016. So that would be one example.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So, most of the change in coverage is due to the fact that rent went up significantly in the fourth quarter of last year. So, we think that's a good thing. You want to have a good coverage, but you don't want to have excess good coverage. You want to hit that optimal point. And so – and yes, most of our 4% of skilled nursing is with Kindred, we have some with Genesis as well. And look, I think, what you're going to see, as we've talked about over time is, we have very strong coverage at two times. You are going to see I think some continued pressures on the SNFs business and we are in a great spot with our partners, who have credit and who are leading operators to work through those changes and we deliberately retain this portfolio because we believe in it.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Good observation. And again, happy that we acquired our MOB portfolio, which is very high quality again in that 2010, 2011 time period. I think what drives people to really like MOB is that they are a low cost setting. You see the demographics and the utilization statistics with the baby boomers and again the 10,000 turning 65 every day. You see the Affordable Care Act, which is improving the insured population in many states. And then what you're getting as an investor is you're really getting above – even at relatively low cap rate, you're getting above core returns with core like characteristics, very reliable, consistent, steady, financeable asset. And in this global thirst for yield, where we've talked about why people like U.S. real estate assets, that is a very attractive value proposition, and I think that's why you're seeing all these new entrants and a lot of interest in this asset class.
Debra Cafaro: Well, in the UK, I think what we're – we have a small senior living portfolio, and then a very nice public partner in Spire, who is in the hospital business, where we have a triple net lease. And we have triple net leases frankly on both segments in the UK. I think what we're seeing there in the private-pay as well as the more long-term care business is that there are changes in rules and regulations that affect staffing. And that is in fact, putting some pressures on the operators there. Our portfolio has been doing well. It's a small portfolio that we've grown, and we like, but I think on a larger scale basis for both the government reimbursed and the private-pay, there are some trends there that are compressing margins.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. So, thank you very much. I will thank all my colleagues at Ventas for contributing to delivering great results. And I thank all of you for your interest in our company and your support of our company, which we appreciate greatly. And we look forward to seeing everybody at NAREIT in June. Thank you.
