Debra A. Cafaro: As you recall, we provided forward acquisition guidance last time for a specific reason; because we had raised the capital in the first quarter and we thought it was important to give you visibility into things that we had under contract because we essentially prefunded those with the capital raises that you could see. So typically, we do provide guidance in terms of forward earnings without additional acquisitions or capital transactions, and that's what we've done here. But I can assure you, as you could tell from my remarks, we continue to be very active and looking at potential investment opportunities.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we have a competitive advantage when we acquired these kind of high-quality assets and transitioned them to Atria, because as you know, we own 1/3 of the management company and so we have a slight competitive advantage because we get essentially 1/3 of the management fee. But in addition, we're acquiring very high-quality assets and we would expect those assets to grow kind of 5% plus or minus 1% or 2%, depending on where we are in the market cycle.
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, most of the fourth quarter and guidance increase is due to acquisitions or some other offsetting things, but those sort of come out in the wash. That was principally the benefit of the acquisitions and the very favorable capital raise that we did at the end of the third.
Debra A. Cafaro: Mike, the tenant is named in our supplemental and it's a Holiday Retirement, which as you may know, is one of the largest senior living owners in the U.S.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, the good news about our business and our business model, and I touched on this a little bit in my remarks, is that almost all of our important tenant operators in the MOB business, the hospitals, they all own, in general, lots more real estate. And so I think whether it's our new tenant Holiday who we welcome to the fold or existing tenants, I do think there continues to be lots of opportunity to acquire real estate over the coming years.
Debra A. Cafaro: It would be immaterial, but at the margin, it just does give us a little bit of a competitive advantage on assets that Atria can operate. And it helps them develop scale. As you mentioned, they're built to grow, and so that's important. And also, these assets were squarely in their existing markets, so that helps with the market concentration and penetration as well.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. But it will kind of have -- because of permitting and things like that, like any development, it will ebb and flow. So a straight-line assumption is probably the best you can do, but it will inevitably be incorrect.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. And just a follow on that. If you look at what seniors are getting in terms of the high-quality product, and if you assume maybe a cost of $5,500 or $6,000 a month for all your housing, insurance, maintenance, meals, et cetera, most of the seniors in, certainly in the areas where we talk about the -- where we have the assets in the shop portfolio can well afford the $72,000 a year for the 1 to 3 years that they may be living in these communities. So there's not a -- there's not pressure from affordability standpoint. In fact, I think they're quite affordable for the population that, that communities serve and actually are a great value proposition for those seniors.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think there was also a $1.7 million last year in the numbers that was out-of-period expense reduction, so that probably affected it as well.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we like to announce all of our activity in a single -- so everybody has contacts and transparency into all the different things that we're doing. So this is our big tada, so -- of everything in the quarter, so here it is.
Debra A. Cafaro: Again, we look at all the healthcare and senior living assets across the board and wouldn't exclude anything. But the pipeline itself is really across all asset types, I would say, including life sciences.
Debra A. Cafaro: He can say the same thing over again. But we think it's a good asset class. And if we ever found a good opportunity to invest, then we would.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I'm glad you asked that. I think it's really important to put the whole cost of capital in perspective. As we -- we've had some volatility this year in the market, so I think we took an opportunity to step back a little bit and make sure that we were kind of building and managing the business with a realistic and consistent view of the world and the Capital Markets and our cost of capital. So while we love the market exuberance between March and May, we certainly don't build our business around that. And we believe that the environment for investing, when you take a good perspective on it, is still quite constructive. And we're continuing to lower our cost of debt, and we feel good about where we are in the world. I think it's very important to understand that we don't make decisions based upon a 2-month stock price. We make decisions based on -- and we manage the company based on a very consistent view of the world. And that's been very successful for our investors. As my mother said, don't get carried away, one way or another. So we try to really take a mature view of the markets despite kind of near-term phenomena.
Debra A. Cafaro: We generally would say that the debt lease is going to be straight line because of the way it is structured, and that you could expect, since that's a big part of our $1.3 billion in acquisitions that we announced, that kind of near-term cash flow growth rate, which would really be the escalators, would be in that kind of 4% to 5% range, along with everything else.
Debra A. Cafaro: Nick, when you look at the $1.3 billion of acquisitions, if you look at it, what we said is, in the first couple of years we'd expect kind of 4% to 5% growth, and Holiday is a big component of that. So that's the way I would think about it, kind of altogether.
Debra A. Cafaro: The lease coverage would be relatively consistent with our existing senior housing triple-net portfolio.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well this is a very good portfolio. Again, 94% occupied, good EBITDAR margins, over 50%, we're very happy with the acquisition. And again, with all of our tenants and operators, they own -- or most of them anyway, they own significant amounts of additional real estate. And hopefully, if we do a good job and we think that they're a good operator there will be follow-on opportunities and we'll evaluate all of those in the context of our business strategy and we're hopeful that there will be sort of quasi-proprietary pipeline with many of our tenant operators over time.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well obviously, as we've talked about over the years, there are pros and cons to the senior housing operating acquisitions, pros and cons to triple-net leases, I think given that $800 million of the $1.3 billion of acquisitions is in triple-net lease, that, that impact of that would obviously be more favorable, because the tenant pays CapEx on those types of acquisitions. So that's one thing to look at. If you do look at our supplemental, we have a pretty extensive disclosure at the end that gets you to kind of pre-CapEx AFFO, and then we have another disclosure that talks about recurring CapEx. So I think we can talk to you offline and be happy to do that to get you down to what you may be defining as your AFFO.
Debra A. Cafaro: Correct, because the triple-net lease would be straight line, correct. But AFFO will definitely go up.
Debra A. Cafaro: Dan, that's a good question. And I think what we've said very clearly for a long time is that we strongly believe in a balanced portfolio. And that's what we've tried to create and that's what we're constantly recalibrating. I think that when you have a diverse and balanced portfolio, and by that we mean, by tenant, by operator, by asset type and by business model, which is what you're focused on. I think if we maintain that balance, we're going to be able to deliver consistent, superior results. And as you could see, this quarter we did do -- of our $1.3 billion, we did do just under $800 million in triple-net and so we're keeping that balance in mind as we make acquisitions. And so I think you're making a very good point.
Debra A. Cafaro: Let me speak just generally about the Ventas strategy. So the Ventas strategy has been very clear, which is that we want in the shop portfolio the absolute best assets in the best market, highest barrier to entry with institutional quality operators who can produce -- have robust reporting functions, et cetera, and great management capabilities. And we also believe in the mass-market for senior housing and we believe in those assets as well. And we think that in general, those assets should be in more of a triple-net lease structure. And that's how we have developed our strategy from the beginning, and that's how we've been executing the strategy. And again, I think it's worked very well and maintains the balance that we spoke about. So I hope that answers your question, Dan.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we're providing it really as a blended cap rate, which is basically, the first year, 7.3% GAAP and 6.25% cash going in. And as we said, about 4% to 5% expected first couple of year cash growth, Karin.
Debra A. Cafaro: We're very consistent about saying when we want to maintain a strong balance sheet. As you know, we're very comfortable with where we are now and are generating probably well over $250 million a year in free cash flow to use for additional acquisitions and/or debt pay downs. So at 32% debt-to-enterprise value, I think we're in good shape. And we're well within the range of our 5x plus or minus a turn, Karin.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. And again, we don't necessarily move those into renewed until it's signed up and moved and people are moving in. So that might be some of the questions. That might be some of the answer to your questions. So anyway, I want to just wrap up the call and thank you for joining this morning. As always, we really appreciate your interest in Ventas and we're looking forward to seeing everyone in San Francisco next month. So take care and we'll see you soon.
Raymond J. Lewis: So -- and Manny, this is Ray. Part of the upside in these assets is that they are primarily independent-living properties, so the ability to add some additional programming as we move forward could drive some potential upside in those buildings. But that's down the road.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I think there's a couple of things that are going on there, Juan. One, we've got 3 redevelopments in the portfolio this quarter versus '12 last year. So we're sort of at a little bit of [indiscernible] in the redevelopment pipeline. But we're gearing that up, as I mentioned in my comments. I think Atria continues to perform very well. And a little bit of underperformance, perhaps, in the Sunrise portfolio, in Canada, in particular, where we had some FX as well, and that, I think, accounts for most of it.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think this range is pretty consistent with what we said when we originally acquired the portfolio -- the portfolios 3 years ago, when we said these things are going to run in the 4% to 7% range. So I mean, I think this is fairly consistent with what we've projected over the long run for these assets.
Raymond J. Lewis: Sure. So in the fourth quarter, what you'll typically see is declining occupancy throughout the quarter as you head into the holidays. I think typically, you'll see that people just aren't moving their family members into buildings around the holidays. And then there's always sort of a year-end rush to get some of the repairs and maintenance completed that have been scheduled, and that typically leads to little bit of margin compression in the portfolio. So we would expect that through the balance of the year, the properties will perform similarly to how they've performed in the third.
Raymond J. Lewis: I think we've got, as I said in my remarks, about $150 million that's sort of under construction right now, and another couple of $100 million in the pipeline. That pipeline number has been fairly consistent. It's really going to depend upon what is sort of shovel-ready at any one point in time. But yes, I mean, I think based on that pipeline, that's a reasonable assumption.
Raymond J. Lewis: No. I mean, I think as you start to get into the fully-occupied zone of 93%, 94%, that's when you can really start to test pricing, that's when you start to get waiting lists that will build up in your buildings and that's when you can really sort of push a little bit to see what the market can support. So I do think there's more pricing upside.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, no. I mean, I -- again, I think it's a supply demand equation right? So I think if you look at the marketplace right now, occupancies are pretty strong. And so we should be at a point where we can push pricing. So no, I don't think that's constrained in any way.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I mean, I think there are a number of things in there. One, if occupancy doesn't tail off and if the expenses don't materialize, you could find yourself at the top end of the range and vice versa.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. I mean, I think when we looked at the numbers, one thing that did jump out is -- it was a pretty high utilities year this year, pretty hot summer. So that would be part of it.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I mean, I think when you look at occupancy is, that is consistent with industry trends, generally. I think the coverage has remained stable. The operators are able to generate higher revenues per day from these post-acute short-stay patients, which are the primary cause of the occupancy drop. So look, I mean, we worry about everything, but as we look at the numbers, they seem to be pretty stable.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. So this is obviously been a big topic in the industry in the NIC calls. Look, I mean, I think over the long run everybody would agree that seniors housing is the best market demographically, it's where you want to be, that's where the growth is. But let's talk about the construction. As said earlier, I mean, we worry about everything. There's maybe 16,000, 17,000 seniors housing units under construction. And to put that in perspective, there are 17 million people over the age of 75. So it doesn't necessarily seem like a lot of construction, but as you point out, you kind of have to look market-by-market. And when we sort of bump our portfolio up against the markets that -- say the top 5 markets where you're seeing the largest increase in the percentage of the inventory, that's maybe about 3% of our total shop NOI. So we've said all along, our assets are in high barrier to entry, infill locations, that's true. That provides us with some insulation against the construction. But just like everybody else in industry, whether it's our existing portfolio or new acquisitions, we want to understand what's going on in our markets with respect to construction.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think as I mentioned last call, Tayo, our singer largest market is the New York Metro area and that accounts for 20% to 25% of our entire shop NOI. There's no other market that accounts for more than 4% of our NOI. So we have a highly diversified portfolio. And again, I'll go back to, if you looked at the top 5 markets where the -- or the 5 markets where the percentage of inventory is increasing the most, that accounts for about 40% of all of the construction that's going on in the industry right now. And that accounts for about 3% of our NOI. So again, I mean, it's something that we watch very closely. And then within each one of those markets, you kind of have to look at where the assets are being built relative to where our assets are located.
Raymond J. Lewis: And what type of construction versus what type of asset that we have. So it's a highly granular analysis. But at the moment, as we look at what's going on in the industry, we believe our assets are well positioned.
Raymond J. Lewis: Not only request from them, but us sort of going through our portfolio and trying to identify those markets and assets and operators where there are opportunities for us to proactively approach them, so yes.
Raymond J. Lewis: I think there's a couple of properties there where there's been some turnover in the executive directors, and those properties have underperformed. And since it is a relatively small portfolio that has performed extremely well in the past, the underperformance there can be exaggerated. So that's really it. But it's still, we think, a good market, and we're hopeful that Sunrise will be able to get those properties back to the levels they performed at historically.
Raymond J. Lewis: So in general, the mark-to-market on our MOB portfolio is a positive 2%. So that's sort of what we're looking at. As we look forward, I don't know that we're predicting anything different.
Raymond J. Lewis: All the time. Well in advance of the renewals. I mean, we're very actively managing our pipeline of lease expirations. And as you know, the great thing about medical office buildings is that physicians have their practices in those buildings. Their customers are used to visiting them there. There, 96% of our buildings are on the campuses of the major health systems, so they're convenient for the physicians. So we have a very good product to market.
