Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Rick. I did want to take a minute before we open the floor to questions just to comment on our outstanding roster of very successful tenants and operators. And in particular, I wanted to congratulate Andy Smith and his team at Brookfield on their recent completion of the Emeritus merger. We wish Brookfield, who is now our largest tenant, every continued success. And we'd also like to congratulate our new U.K. hospital tenant, Spire on its highly successful IPO. Spire now has over $1 billion equity market capitalization and its business is thriving with a balance payor mix and strong cash flow. Operator, please open the floor to questions.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. We're looking at a portfolio of nonstrategic MOBs and because the market is so strong, we thought it would be a good time to put together a portfolio of those and bring it to market. And we would expect a fairly sporty pricing on those in the kind of 6-ish plus or minus range.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, the board obviously makes a dividend decision every quarter. Ventas' history has really been a fantastic one in this regard, which is to have above average dividend growth, a very favorable payout ratio that makes the dividend both secure and have room for future improvement. And we'd love to be able to continue that pattern because we think it's a very important part of the overall total return proposition we offer to shareholders.
Debra A. Cafaro: Michael, this is Debbie. Just -- I'll take at least one part of that question and I think the most important part. In looking at the Holiday assets that we're acquiring, we've done extensive diligence and these assets have had a good history of NOI growth and are performing very well during the same time period that we've seen the deterioration in the 12 Sunrise assets. We do think that the Sunrise performance is company/manager specific, and we do think that those assets are good assets in good markets that can return to optimal performance in the future. And that's what we are focused on.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, that's true. That is true. And so that's the other thing, we are -- about 1/3 of that performance differential is based on FX changes because we do report in U.S. dollars at whatever the then current exchange rate is and that does result in some fluctuations on the NOI line. That impact is somewhat mitigated by Canadian dollar borrowings that we have, but that's below the NOI line. But we're very consistent about reflecting FX impacts as the exchange rate changes and that's an important transparency that we bring to our reporting.
Debra A. Cafaro: We don't have a target international percentage that we're looking toward at the moment. I think we're trying to get comfortable in making investments in markets where we believe there are outstanding policy, demographic or other reasons, where we think we can get an appropriate risk-adjusted return and I think we found that in certain cases, certainly with the Spire acquisition in the UK as our beachhead investment and then again, with the Holiday investment that we're doing now. Over time, I would expect -- assuming that we are successful as we make these incremental investments, I would assume that we would grow in the U.K. and Canada in specific asset types, and I do think it is an important extension of our growth and diversification strategy that we've executed very successfully over the last 10 to 15 years.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. It's full rent through the end of the year and there's a period of time, should anything stretch over, that could be at half rent. So it's a very kind of collaborative arrangement that we reached with Kindred.
Debra A. Cafaro: But again, the lion's share of it is really fundamental, which is improvement in rents, escalations, upward roll-ups in rent on maturities, things like that. That's the vast majority of it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, in the 6-ish range, I mean, obviously the market will be the market but we feel good about the bids that we're seeing on MOBs and so we think this will be very attractive.
Debra A. Cafaro: It's not -- it's nonstrategic to the portfolio. Again, I think we're taking the opportunity that we want to be more proactive on in terms of recycling capital and taking advantage of market conditions when we can and using that capital to redeploy into our business strategy.
Debra A. Cafaro: It would. I think it absolutely would be sub-6. There's no question about that and so -- yes, but we think these -- again, we'll command a very strong bid out in the marketplace because they are good assets, they are just not strategic to our Lillibridge business.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Great question because they're all a little bit different and I'll ask Ray to describe what we do.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. So I mean there is some judgment involved but generally if it's a major project and there's going to be some disruption and -- of one kind or another and that is underway, we would put it in redevelopment. But it's not little ticky tacky things.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I think that it's obvious that there's been significant change -- multiple changes in the executive level management and ownership at the company and that inevitably has an impact on focus between selling the company and changing owners and changing leadership. And so I think it's really needing a renewed focus in these 12 assets and hopefully Sunrise' executive leadership now is in place and stable and they are going to bring these assets back to their historical performance, which again, was quite good. I mean, these used to be 94%, 95% occupied and we're the top performers in the portfolio. So there's no reason that the assets can't achieve that level again and it just is going to take some focus from executive management and we are working with them to bring that focus.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we definitely will always look at opportunities to create value for our shareholders, whatever those opportunities may be and whatever the market is indicating, we should be doing to create value. I do think we have assembled an unbelievable enterprise and company that has some characteristics of reliable cash flow growth and diversified asset class, diversified tenant base, et cetera and given that we are sort of 1/3 health care; 1/3 real estate; 1/3 finance there is a tremendous benefit to scale and diversification. And we would think long and hard before we would basically break up what we think is a very, very well performing, very high-quality enterprise. That said, again, we're all about creating value for shareholders and we will hopefully always make decisions that accomplish that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good question. No, the pipeline is good. I think again our asset type, we have a huge domestic market. I think we continue to see good deal flow both here and abroad and we want to be -- we have $3.8 billion sort of under contract and pending, so we are excited about that. And as we move forward we'll continue to be prudent, but I would expect us to continue to be able to grow accretively and strategically and we just want to make sure we're continuing to show good discipline and continue to build value for shareholders at what we acquire.
Debra A. Cafaro: The 3.5% to 4%, it just really means that we're -- we believe we are going to end up in the high range of our original 3% to 4% same-store total company cash flow growth which is very outstanding, I would add, and I think stacks up well, across the REIT space. And in terms of the reaudits, we did say that, that would be excluded from normalized FFO because, clearly, it's an unusual event that is not really core to our cash flow and earnings production.
Debra A. Cafaro: The search is continuing on. I'm very happy to have my colleague, Mr. Schweinhart here to ensure that the reaudits are expeditiously and successfully completed and to ensure that we have a smooth transition. We are continuing the search and would expect to provide an update as soon as we have one.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we really like the assets that we are acquiring for all the reasons stated, which I won't repeat. I would tell you that the Griffin NorthStar deal is one that really validates the pricing that we have talked about and what pricing there is out there in the marketplace. And it also validates the idea that there continue to be plenty of high-quality assets in our space that are available to fuel continued external growth.
Debra A. Cafaro: Again, we are focused on all the reasons that we acquired the portfolios that we are acquiring and we really like those and again, we congratulate NorthStar on their acquisition and again, believe that we're in a terrific market to continue to grow.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, Holiday's is imminent and we have already funded the debt for that, so it seemed appropriate since we have better visibility into Holiday to include that in guidance at this point. The timing on HCT is more variable and also, really, even if it does close at the end of the fourth quarter, let's call it, that would have very limited impact on 2014, anyways. So this just seems like the best way to provide the best guidance to our investors.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good. Yes, those kinds of upticks of all types, whether they're rent renegotiations or so on, are difficult to predict so we don't typically model them. I think we're -- so the quarters can be variable but I do think we're very excited that we think our overall business is going to generate in the top end of that original 3% to 4% same-store cash growth, and we're glad that all segments are contributing to that. So we just think of -- we don't think of it as -- we don't think of this as accelerating, we think of it as somewhat unpredictable and lumpy. So we view the full year as the true test of what our business is delivering.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we've just had good quarters. I mean, and hopefully we'll continue to have good quarters, so that's what we try to do. That's the management value-added that we try to bring to the business.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Any day now they'll be in the market and the timing would be late in the year, presumably, for execution.
Debra A. Cafaro: We're very focused on our long-term cost to capital and the fact that we do need to finance things on a long-term basis with a significant equity component and we believe that our job is to continue to grow cash flows with limited risk and a strong balance sheet and so we've been able to do that over an extended period of time. And we do believe also that, frankly, our cost of equity is not reflecting the value of our assets in some ways in the marketplace, and I think you're seeing that in pricing. So I do think that this transaction, or both transactions that we're entering into, are good for our cash flow, our growth rate, the quality of our portfolio and I feel very good about how we're financing them in a very -- I think, a very thoughtful and balanced way.
Debra A. Cafaro: When we underwrite these assets, we obviously do it on a before and after CapEx basis, so we look at growth rates and then we look at variability in the cash flows or -- how you would assess those? I think the key point that is important to make is that those assets are the highest quality assets, essentially, in our portfolio and so they again would command a very sporty cap rate that would likely be under 6% even before CapEx. And so you can't really compare a yield on a triple-net lease asset and a shop asset unless they are identical assets. And so I think you have to be careful about how you think about that. But we do always look at growth and return on a before and after CapEx basis.
Debra A. Cafaro: I'm glad you asked about that. I mean we, as part of our balanced and diversified approach, we have always thought that skilled nursing is an asset type that is an important part of the healthcare delivery system for seniors and that well done, well underwritten, well operated, with coverage, it can be a very good asset class to own. Our portfolio of government reimbursed assets has about a 65% quality mix, so we have a very, very high-quality post-acute portfolio and again, I think what we are seeing is that there is a stability in that marketplace and that yields for a high-quality portfolio like we have are a lot lower i.e. values are a lot higher than people are typically ascribing to that portfolio. So we like our post-acute business. We think it's very high quality and under the right circumstances we would consider investing in the asset class, but obviously only with a top operator with good coverage and a yield that we thought was appropriate for the long-term risk and cyclicality of the asset type and reimbursement. Okay. So operator, I think with that we're going to close the call and I want to once again thank everyone for their time and attention. And I'm sure everyone's thrilled that earning season is coming to a close and we appreciate the time you spent with us this morning and we look forward to seeing you first thing in September. Thank you very much.
Raymond J. Lewis: Juan, this is Ray. As I mentioned in the script, we've got about 140 more units off-line at this time this year than we had last year. Those units will be coming back online over the next several quarters and should help our growth rate, but we will also be continuing to execute on our redevelopment program. So the thing to watch for is the change in redevelopment, over time, as we ramp up or scale back the redevelopment pursuant to opportunities that we're seeing in the market.
Raymond J. Lewis: So we've got 12 properties in Canada that are operated by Sunrise and account for about 5% of our seniors housing operating NOI. The decline in performance is driven entirely by the Sunrise management at the communities. These properties used to be top performers in our portfolio and we think that they can be top performers again, but there's been significant turnover at Sunrise in Canada in both the regional and property level staff and that's just impacted the performance of these properties across-the-board. There's new staff in place and we'll be looking for that improvement -- those properties to improve going forward and so that's what our expectations are.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I mean I think, first of all, we have very good relationships with our operators, and we work with them to try to collaboratively solve problems as they arise in our portfolio from time to time. We also have excellent management contracts that have protective rights, as you know, and when these rights are triggered we evaluate whether we think another operator could do a better job with the assets and what the risk of transitioning those assets is. And so I think in the case of Canada, we look at it and say, they've got new leadership in place. It will likely take some while to understand whether or not that leadership is going to be effective in turning around the assets, and we'll be watching it very closely over the next several quarters.
Raymond J. Lewis: So the same-store growth assumption that's embedded in our updated guidance is about 4% to 5%. And then I think we've said that we would expect -- or that Holiday would close before September 1, and so there's probably 4 months of Holiday contribution in that guidance number.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, we're not seeing any significant amount of pressure from new construction in our portfolio. As we said, our portfolio in general has a better construction as a percentage of inventory statistics than NIC and even in markets where there is more construction, our properties are generally outperforming the NIC averages in those markets. So I think it speaks to the quality of our portfolio in terms of the assets, the operators and the locations.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. So fees and rent renegotiations are a normal part of our business. We're proactive asset managers and we're always looking for opportunities to drive value in our portfolio. As you mentioned, our same-store portfolio grew 4.9% in the quarter. More typically, growth is around 3%. So I mean, clearly we had a good quarter, driven by our ability to generate some fee income during the quarter.
Raymond J. Lewis: From time to time we have operators that come to us and need certain consents or changes to the documents and those create opportunities for us to improve our position in a lease or generate fees, so it's that type of activity.
Raymond J. Lewis: But it really is mixed by age, by geography, by size and relationships with the hospital systems probably more than anything, which are not strategic.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean, there's -- projects can range from $1 million to $20 million plus and depending upon the scale of the project there may be more or less units off-line in a particular building. Sometimes, it's just as simple as upgrading the common areas and sometimes we're going through and redoing entire wings of the building or taking units off-line to add a life guidance. So it really is going to depend upon what the opportunity in that building and that market is. With respect to when we move it into redevelopment, it's really when the significant redevelopment is underway and the project is getting ready to come back online, it will be in a lease up mode.
Raymond J. Lewis: I don't think it is much a rent issue as it is occupancy and managing expenses. I think the rents are actually reasonably good in that market. I think it's really more increasing the occupancy, as Michael noted previously, in managing expenses in particular, which have increased over the last couple of quarters. So that I think points to that management more than anything. The rates might point to the quality of the markets.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think if you look at the performance of our U.S. portfolio, and there are 81 other Sunrise assets in our U.S. portfolio, it's performed very well across the board and I would say Sunrise's is holding up their end there.
Raymond J. Lewis: Thanks, Tayo. As you know, the occupancy trends tend to decline in the first quarter and into the second quarter, and then pick up again as we emerge into the third quarter. And we're seeing those trends continue this year in our portfolio. It's also important to note that there are a number of expenses that are sort of backend-loaded in the portfolio typically. It's a little early to sort of say whether or not those are going to materialize, but we always have repairs and maintenance and paint and paper, some vacation expenses and other things that are loaded towards the back end of the year and so right now it seems like traditional historical seasonal patterns are holding.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean, I think revenue will probably tick up as occupancy increases, rates are generally projected to be flat to slightly down in the second half. And then operating expenses will increase in the second half as I described. I think it's our expectation and so yes, they would probably trend more towards that inflationary level.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, Michael, I would say that within any one particular quarter, because the nature of CapEx spending is going to be sort of lumpy, you're going to see that relationship move up and down. I think if you look at it over time, we think that the better growth rates that you get from the shop assets compensate for the additional CapEx that you invest in the buildings over time relative to a triple-net lease portfolio, and I think that we believe that holds true.
