Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Lori, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. Welcome Ventas' third quarter 2012 earnings call. Today, I'm pleased to share an overview of our excellent results, investment activities and outlook for the balance of the year, Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio performance and Rich Schweinhart will review our financial results. We'll be delighted to answer your questions following our remarks. The Ventas business continues to thrive, demonstrating our ability to grow because of our high-performing diverse portfolio driven by demographic demand and our robust disciplined investment activities. We are executing on our 3 pillars of excellence: Capital raising, capital allocation and asset management, which are producing consistent superior results. Quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, we have put great numbers on the board with minimal volatility. Ventas posted outstanding third quarter results. Normalized FFO this quarter with $0.96 per share, up 9% from last year and total FFO grew 12%. Year-to-date cash flow from operations grew 60%. Our growth rate is especially impressive because this is the first quarter of year-over-year comparisons that include the NHP and Atria acquisitions in the prior period. Internal and external growth drove our superior result. We enjoyed fantastic performance in our Sunrise and Atria assets, which grew NOI 10% and occupancy 300 basis points, as well as robust accretive investment activity. Since the beginning of 2011, we have completed about $13 billion of acquisitions, including $1.7 billion year-to-date. Our unlevered yield on these high-quality year-to-date acquisition exceeds an outstanding 7.5%. In addition, our average cash debt costs continue to improve. We issued $275 million and 10-year bonds at 3/4. And just yesterday, closed a new $180-million 5-year funded term loan with the current rate of under 1.5%. Since the second quarter call, we've closed over $400 million of investments in mostly private pay assets, including 36 high-quality medical office buildings or MOBs, on-campus or affiliated with AA-rated hospital system. With access to an outstanding combination of internal and external sources, we are well-positioned to take advantage of opportunities in the highly fragmented and growing $1 trillion healthcare real estate market. Our acquisition pipeline is very active with potential deals emanating from Ventas, Lillibridge and NHP legacy relationship, as well as from new sellers eager to enter a market that can produce win-win outcomes for buyers and sellers. We began our acquisition charge 2 years ago, and the benefits of our strategy are clear today. Our focus is, as it always has been, on creating shareholder value. The strategy we articulated over a decade ago to become a leading player in our consolidating, dynamic sector with a disciplined approach to building a diversified portfolio with a private pay focus is serving us and our shareholders well. Ventas' need-based business continues to generate reliable demographic demand, furthered by policy shifts to lower-cost setting. These benefits translate into property performance that is the most positive and least volatile of all real estate asset classes. At quarter end, we maintained a fortuitous balance sheet at 29% that's enterprise value. We currently have $1.6 billion in available liquidity. Our strength in liquidity allow us to take advantage of opportunities and be a safe haven for investors in a disrupted market. We are raising our full-year normalized FFO guidance to $3.76 to $3.78 per share, representing 12% per share normalized year-over-year FFO growth if achieved. Excluding non-cash items in both periods, the growth rate would be 9% per share. Finally, we view our dividend and dividend growth as an important component of delivering consistent superior total return to shareholders. Our annual dividend growth has been 10% over the past 10 years, market-leading performance. Our current dividend represents just 66% of our updated 2012 normalized FFO per share guidance and 70% excluding non-cash items. We have confidence in our team and our balanced business model. Now, I'm happy to turn the call over to Ray to discuss this quarter's portfolio results.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, and again, as we've emphasized them, we have our senior housing operating portfolio, which is more than a quarter of our business and these are very strategically selected to be the best assets in the best markets and we have the benefit of that growth in the Ventas portfolios. So that -- we're very happy to have that growth directly flow through to our shareholders.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean, again, this market is a very good market. It's being driven by demographics. I think in general, if you own really good assets and good markets and you operate them professionally, you will outperform the averages. And that's really how we're thinking about our portfolio and our acquisition activity.
Debra A. Cafaro: The transactions that we closed kind of since we spoke to you last, which included those assets was on average above between kind of a 7% and a 7.5% yield. And so it's very attractive, they're 90% occupied, 100% affiliated or on-campus. And there was a mortgage debt that we consolidated with that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, it was -- I would tell you it was a lion's share of the acquisition activity. And Rick will give you the amount of the assumed debt.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. We are very focused on Capital Market's excellence. It's one of the things that we really spend a lot of time on. I would say that we want to have a foot in every capital market including the bank term loan market, which is very attractive right now. And we've done both, as you mentioned. And so we're -- we have very kind of rigorous internal metrics in terms of how we manage our balance sheet. And most of it will continue to be long-term fixed-rate debt, which is also very attractive at the 3 1/4% that we mentioned.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we do it both ways. And in the shop portfolio, I would say we do same-store stable and we do the whole portfolio. I mean we bought the whole portfolio and so we've been looking to that high single-digit growth rate, which was our expectation and that's what we're getting. So that you can look at it, all different ways and all of them are valid.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, good suggestion. So the SHOP was up 8% on a stabilized basis. I think that's a good data point.
Debra A. Cafaro: No, that's okay. My guess, honestly, is we've replaced somewhere between $75 million and $77 million. It could be the difference between an escalated number and an unescalated number, something like that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean we're confident in the releasing process. We're way on schedule, and we think we're, as Ray said, into the selection phase. And we're pretty excited about the opportunities that this process is presenting for the Company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we typically -- the 29% obviously, is a wonderful statistics and we're at about 5x debt to EBITDA and over 4x fixed charge coverage. So I think we have, even as we do manage our balance sheet conservatively, but we have some significant acquisition capability without really any additional need for equity capital. Remember, we're also selling some assets. We're generating really significant excess cash flow in our portfolio over and above the dividend. And so we have some significant capacity to do acquisitions.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean the way we look at it, is we're at about -- the net debt to EBITDA number is about 5x as we've said consistently that we see plus or minus return on that. So given -- that's where. EBITDAs let's call it, a little under $1.5 billion.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, as you point out, I mean, we were -- we are kind of at the leading edge of this activity. We've closed $13 billion in the last -- since the beginning of '11. What I would tell you is we are and continue to be a disciplined investor. Capital allocation is another important aspect of our activities. And we have, I think, been proven ourselves to be good capital allocators. And so we have lots of opportunities. The pie is large. It's a fragmented industry. And we believe we can drive value for investors by continuing to acquire in a thoughtful way. And as I mentioned, the $1.7 billion that we've acquired year-to-date, we are getting about a 7.5% unlevered yield, and they're very high-quality private pay assets. So if we can continue to do that, whether it's from new business, whether it's from existing NHP, Ventas, Lillibridge relationship, I think that would create value for our investors. So as and when we can continue to do that, we will do so. So I hope that answers your question.
Debra A. Cafaro: Look, we have, as we've said, we've got great assets, they're performing extremely well, they're in great markets. And we have excellent contracts that provide alignment and have protective -- significant protective rights in them. And so the situation at Sunrise continues to evolve. And I think, that's what -- we feel happy with our assets and the performance of those assets.
Debra A. Cafaro: All I'm suggesting is that we do have great assets, they're in great markets, they're performing well, and we have really good contracts that we worked hard on to create alignment and protection for Ventas in all circumstances. And we feel good about that.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think what we're trying to communicate is that we have always invested as we believe we could create value for shareholders. One of the things that I would say is that this market is drawing a lot of sellers to the market, and we have this big portfolio of existing relationship. And so there continue to be really, thoroughly plentiful investment opportunities. But I would also say we really have been disciplined investors. I think our year-to-date yields and quality of acquisitions speak to that. And I can't project the acquisitions. We never have. We take opportunities that we think will create a good risk-adjusted returns for shareholders when they're available and -- but we are disciplined investors.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, again, our deals are coming -- as we put this unified platform together, I think the opportunity for us is really to get -- use the tools available to us to really drive performance in the company. And we are seeing good acquisition volume from the NHP legacy relationships. And we also believe that a lot of our existing tenant base is interested in the Kindred releasing process as well. So we're getting lots of benefits from, again, Lillibridge, NHP and our own historical business.
Debra A. Cafaro: We invested in Canada in 2007, as you know. And we have continued to look at opportunities outside the U.S. And over time, could see making some reasonably sized investments, but nothing short-term on the horizon.
Debra A. Cafaro: We had 3 pools of joint venture assets on the Lillibridge side. And we have acquired 2 of those pools, and so we have one remaining. And I think, like everything, investors hold assets at various points in time. They make decisions whether they're a company, a pension fund, a private equity shop or what have you. They make a decision at a certain point in time that they'd like to recycle their capital. And so, I think, there's nothing more notable than that.
Debra A. Cafaro: We have, in our joint venture deals, we do have rights of first refusal. And that would be typical in joint ventures, yes.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, again, we'd have a strategic plan to diversify our portfolio, create a balanced business model and to be active in all the different sectors. We have differentiated our strategy over the past couple of years by really emphasizing the private pay assets. And, again, as we allocate capital, if we are ahead of the curve, what we would see is our investors will make money if either cash flows go up or cap rates come down. And that's how we create -- it's very simple. That's how we create value for our shareholders. And so we look at all the asset types. Our strategy has been clearly articulated. And each deal really should make sense on its own. And we should believe that it fits well into the whole, and therefore, create additional enterprise value. And so that's how we assess transactions, and we continue to look across the spectrum of health care and senior housing assets. But we have focused more on private pay.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think, again, every deal stands on its own in terms of quality, in terms of what the structure of the transaction is and markets and so on.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. I think we've talked about it. Rick mentioned that the GAAP yields was in the 8s on the sales and loan. Remember, its loan repayments as well, and it was in the 6s on the cash -- high 6s on the cash basis for the almost $90 million that we talked about since July 1.
Debra A. Cafaro: We have contracts that are -- that again, give us good alignment and give us various protective rights under different circumstances.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we projected about, maybe $150 million for the second half of the year in our second quarter call. And this is really consistent with that. And it's really across asset types. And we have a very large, very diverse portfolio now. And I think you'll see us become a little bit more active capital recyclers.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well we obviously have the Kindred leases, which are the biggest part of it detailed in the supplemental. And everything else is -- doesn't have -- we don't have a wide dispersion.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, that's a good question. As we've owned the -- our seniors housing operating portfolio for over a year now, and obviously, Sunrise back to '07, we started providing more information on both a regional and a MSA bases in our supplemental. And I think what we found this quarter, is that -- what we have found is that the larger markets have been outperforming. And they came out really strong and continued to be strong. I think what we're seeing now, and you can see it in the supplemental is that the smaller markets are actually doing quite well now. And you'll see that all the regions are also doing well. And obviously, the industry data set that's put out by NYX also slices and dices the portfolio that way. So I think we are seeing the smaller MSAs start to catch up, and the larger MSAs where we own most of our senior housing operating portfolio really have led the way with great growth last year and great growth again this year that's continuing.
Debra A. Cafaro: The Atria portfolio was acquired in parts, and so that's a difficult answer. I would say in general, and remember, occupancy statistics have changed over time to go from residents to unit occupancy. So you have to be careful when you compare historic periods. But I think back in '97 or so, resident occupancy was in the 93, 94 range. And we're getting, approaching that now, I would say. That's if memory serves.
Debra A. Cafaro: That's was what I was saying at the beginning. You have to be careful when you do your comparison. So resident occupancy in the '07-ish time period, I think, was in the 93, 94 range in Sunrise. And I think the resident occupancy now is approaching that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Remember that the senior housing industry was the only real estate asset class that showed positive NOI through the downturn. And that was because they were able to have some stable to even slightly growing rate growth with good expense controls and then some occupancy decline. So that's how it played out.
Debra A. Cafaro: I would just say that, again, Sunrise and Atria have grown 10% year-over-year before management fees. 8 percentage, as Rich pointed out on the stabilized portfolio. And I think that they're still at the mid-90% unit occupancy level. And so I would suggest that industry trends continue to be positive. If you look at NYX data, you would see that they are projecting continued positive absorption well into 2013. And so I would characterize what we think about the forward environment, which we still think is attractive differently from what you said. And we view the forward absorption and growth rate to be fairly positive.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. Well just be sure you're comparing apples to apples. But again, if we're at mid-90% unit occupancy levels, I would say that we think there will be positive absorption going forward.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, well just as a reminder to everyone, one of the benefits to the NHP transaction was we got the exclusive development pipeline with PMB. And we, in fact, opened one of the developments this quarter, as Ray pointed out, in California fully leased. And that was an important benefit we got from the transaction. I would turn it over to Ray to talk about the view of the world.
Debra A. Cafaro: And I would point out too, that our Lillibridge business has a development business that's quite good, and we are developing a view assets as well that we're excited about.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think it's really -- this is demonstrated by the fact that the 2 that opened this quarter were 100% pre-leased, and another one that we expect to come on maybe, in January is 100% pre-leased to a AA hospital. So those you can get really good risk-adjusted returns because -- and you get new buildings in your portfolio. So that's how we look at the business. Again, on a very disciplined way. So we're going to have to wrap up the call. And I want to thank everyone and the operator and all of our participants. We sincerely appreciate your interest in Ventas. And we look forward to seeing everyone in San Diego. I hope you all realize that we continue to pursue our goal of delivering consistent superior total returns to our shareholders and using all the tools we have at our disposal to do so. So thanks again, and we'll see you soon.
Raymond J. Lewis: It's Ray. Remember that the triple-net is reported on a quarter leg, so you're looking at the second quarter statistics for the seniors housing portfolio. It's actually seasonally fairly common for the seniors housing to decline at the beginning of the second quarter, and then start to build towards the end of the second quarter. And I think the other thing to note in there is that, that performance is fairly consistent with declines that we saw in some of the public operators during the second quarter. So that sort of explains it.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, so on the rate side, if you look at our RUG-IV in our same-store total portfolio year-over-year, rates were up about 2.1%. And so, I think we're starting to get closer to that sweet spot of the cycle where occupancies start to get into the mid to upper 90s where you can really start to push rate, discounting will start to abate and we hope that we can continue to drive cash flow growth going forward through rate increases. Certainly, that will be tied to the performance of the general economy and the housing market to a lesser extent. Certainly, as the housing market continues to improve, that's another benefit to our seniors housing operating portfolio at the margin. So I think, we're at a pretty good point in the cycle with limited new supply, pretty strong occupancies and pretty good general underlying economic fundamentals.
Raymond J. Lewis: My crystal ball doesn't go out that far, James. But I do like the near-term outlook for the industry. So I think next year looks pretty good. So, again, barring any changes in the general underlying economy.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, so Rick, as we said, that the process is going well. We've got a lot of interest. We're on schedule. So we're happy about the way things are going. And I'll tell you, the operators are looking at the same thing that everybody else is looking at. They understand that sequestration is out there. They understand there's the election coming up, and that depending upon which way that goes there could be various impacts. And they're underwriting that into their numbers. So we haven't seen any -- as we get closer to those events, any changes in the appetite for the assets.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I mean obviously, if something were to happen in the lame-duck session, where there were to be some resolution outside of the sequestration process. You've heard the President himself say, that's not going to happen.
Raymond J. Lewis: So they could push it off. I mean, there's a number of different things that could play out. Now certainly, the expectation in the underwriting that you go through right now as sequestration is what we have in place and what we are looking at. But that could change.
Raymond J. Lewis: With respect to demand for the space, we're definitely seeing the trend. So there are a number of doctors' groups that are, as you say, being acquired by hospitals as they start to anticipate the Accountable Care Organizations and the impacts of those changes on the healthcare industry. The benefits of that, obviously, for us are that we get stronger alignment with a hospital in certain circumstances, perhaps a better credit to the extent the hospital actually acquires the practice. So that's clearly a benefit. The other thing for us is because our MOBs are predominantly on-campus, that tends to drive more demand for space in our buildings. So we would expect to see that translate into demand as that trend really starts to take hold. But we're kind of in the early stages right now, a little too early to sort of report a big impact from that.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I think as you look at the coverages that we've reported in our portfolio at 1.8x, I think it's consistent with what we had projected when the cuts were announced in October of last year. We said we would expect to see the rates decline by about 10 basis points every quarter, as another quarter of the cuts were rolled into the trailing coverage statistics. And that's pretty much how it played out. With respect to the operators that we're talking to and what they're seeing going forward, I think, a lot of the operators have identified ways to mitigate the cuts and to adjust their operations to maintain profitability. So I think the operators are looking at the forward environment and saying, this is an environment we can operate in and that's sort of what we're hearing right now.
Raymond J. Lewis: So I mean, as we look at our portfolio and underwrite management fees and CapEx, we're still very comfortable that the properties are profitable for the operators. So we're not at that point at all.
Raymond J. Lewis: Phillip, I guess anecdotally, the answer to that is, no. I think it's fairly consistent. I think the acuity level in general and the seniors housing industry is up. The average age at entry is up. And I think that's consistent in smaller markets and in larger markets.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean the rents have consistently risen year-over-year in the Sunrise portfolio. We've had good rent growth even through the downturn.
Raymond J. Lewis: No, Nick. We -- Kindred has invested a lot of money in these buildings over the years and maintained them very well. We're not really expecting any material CapEx requirements on the releasing.
Raymond J. Lewis: Right. And so supply remains very well in check in the medical office space. We are seeing interest from Hospital systems in developing new properties. We target on-campus developments, and there are a handful of those things that we and PMB are working on. So I would say that the market is consistent. I wouldn't say it's awash in opportunity, but I wouldn't say it's devoid as well.
Raymond J. Lewis: We require a minimum pre-leasing level in the buildings. So we don't build on spec and so, no. There's no difference between the way that we view it or PMB would view it.
