Raymond J. Lewis: Rich, as you point out, we currently own 12 Sunrise properties in Canada. They have been very strong performers in our portfolio. Average occupancy in Canada is 95.6% in the quarter and they've consistently been very strong performers. We think the Canadian senior housing market generally is a good market. It doesn't have a lot of supply particularly in the high-end assisted living and higher acuity assisted living space. So we really like our investments up there. If we could find more attractive investments like that, I think we would be comfortable adding to those. But obviously, we keep a mindful eye on the same economic trends that you do.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, the first part of your question, the $98 million was triple-net, there were -- yes, it was triple-net. And then with respect to partnering with Atria and Sunrise, obviously, with the acquisition of the 16 Sunrise assets, we've increased our relationship, grown our relationship with Sunrise. We continue to believe, and I think our performance shows that they are both outstanding operators, and to the extent that we can find the best assets in the best markets, we'd be very happy to continue to grow our relationship with those 2 operators.
Raymond J. Lewis: Dan, both the Atria and the Sunrise assets performed extremely well during the quarter. As you know, we acquired the Atria assets in the second quarter of 2011, and so we don't yet report year-over-year analysis or include those in the same-store analysis, but I can tell you that Atria perform -- Atria and Sunrise performed quite comparably, sequentially and year-over-year.
Raymond J. Lewis: On they are, Dan. I think they performed right in line with our underwriting on those assets. We continue to identify redevelopment opportunities in the portfolio and invested additional capital in there. And that is a good growth driver in that portfolio.
Raymond J. Lewis: So, Philip, obviously, Ventas, through its Lillibridge business, has very strong relationships with a number of highly rated health systems around the country, and as I'm sure you're acutely aware, as the healthcare market is evolving, you're seeing more and more interest in integration, vertically and horizontally, in that space. Hospitals are focusing on returns on operations, and that's the whole message of having real estate flow to the most efficient operators starting to gain traction. And so we think we're very well positioned as hospitals look to optimize their capital structure to participate in the consolidation, both vertically and horizontally that is inevitable in the industry. So when that's going to happen, is difficult to predict, but we continue to work on that opportunity and plant the seed so that we're well positioned when it does start to accelerate.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, the methodology, really, is -- typically, we do not include acquisitions or dispositions or loans repayments in our guidance. I would say that when in fact we had a known inflow, however, of capital such as we have this year with the potential $400 million worth of dispositions, I think it gives investors a clear, more transparent picture if we explain to them what our use of proceeds is, because if we simply pay down the revolver, something with the capital, that wouldn't really give a true reflection to investors of what we expect our FFO per share growth to be. So if -- we have done this in the past when we had known inflows of capital, that's why.
Debra A. Cafaro: As we said in our press release, Ventas really stands for excellence in senior's housing. We believe that this transaction really will gave ALZ the opportunity to make positive changes for the residents in those assets.
Debra A. Cafaro: It was a mutually beneficial transaction and again, we hope that ALZ uses that transaction as a springboard to continuing to make changes for the benefit of its company and its residents.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, we can. In this second half, $150 million, which is loan repayments and dispositions. It's pretty much across the board in terms of asset type and balanced in that way and the lease cap rate or NOI cap rate is in that the 8% to 8.5% range.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. And I think Ray mentioned, we have given the $350 million to $360 million guidance for the year, and with respect to the assets that, that covered, it's -- we're performing, and our expectations are in the high end of that range.
Debra A. Cafaro: I don't see a lot of behavioral changes regarding tax changes that may occur at the end of the year because I think there isn't a tremendous amount of certainty about what actually will happen. The one thing I was a little bit more focused on is that as you know, when the Bush tax cuts were originally passed, they included a preference essentially for corporate dividends over REIT dividends. And if those provisions expire, REIT dividends could be relatively, be even more on an even footing with corporate dividends, and that could actually benefit REITs.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I would tell you that based on what we talked about here today, we identified about $1.5 billion of acquisitions that we've talked about, if you think about Cogdell, if you think about the Sunrise, 16, if you think about the other acquisition activity, if you think about the $300 million we've discussed, if you think about the investment development -- redevelopment pipeline, so I would say that we are certainly not sitting on our hands here at Ventas and we -- here's what I will say. First of all, 2 things, we will always be disciplined, and that is really important. We have a strategy. We execute that strategy to the best of our ability. We want to have the high-quality company that is delivered to its all-weather performance and I think regardless of "accretion" we're trying to build value, long-term value, short-term value and we will be disciplined in deciding kind of what to buy. But obviously, we have been active. I will tell you something else though, and that is, I was reflecting with a new senior level executive at Ventas and I said that if someone had told me in 2000 when Ventas' equity cap was $200 million, that we'd be sitting here in 2012 with a $19 billion-plus equity market capitalization, I wouldn't have possibly believed that. But what is really amazing to me is I never would have believed also that even after all of that growth over the last 12 years, I would be more excited and believe more in the growth potential of Ventas and our industry as I am right now. And that is a pretty remarkable observation. And I think it does speak to our ability to use all the attributes that we have here including cost of capital and including the market that we're in and the opportunities that we see over the near and long term, to continue building value and continue growing the company. So I hope -- that's a long answer to your question, but I hope it's responsive.
Debra A. Cafaro: We met -- there are a few simple reasons why the process in these assets have generated such a competitive process and robust interest. First of all, there's a lot of cash flow with the asset and the prospective tenants will have to make -- remember, there's essentially very limited capital that's involved in re-tenanting the assets, effectively working capital for the new operator. And so they will be essentially stepping into a cash flow position where they will get immediate cash flow over and above the rent payment for a very, very de minimis capital contribution, and they will be able to spread overhead as you suggest. So this is a very attractive way to be able to expand your business if you're in market, if you're a provider and that I think is the central reason why we're having such terrific interest on this process.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, certainly, that is one part of the consolidation theme and part of the growth being potentially in-house care real estate. But I think this marketing process is really more about the quality of these assets, the cash flow with these assets and the ability of operators to be able to drive profitability in their market by spreading overhead and getting coverage, cash flow over and above the lease payment. And it's as simple as that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. And it's quite simple. So as we mentioned to Dan, there's a $3 million lease termination fee in the second quarter. So obviously, that is relevant. And then remember, we had the 6 million shares outstanding just for June, and so those will have an impact in the second half as well. And we sold the ALZ for $100 million at the end of June, so it's really the $150 million that will come of dispositions plus the $100 million that occurred at the end of the quarter. So we do have a lot of really positive things and accretion happening in the second half. And then we do have the impact of those dispositions and loan repayments and the like.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, as Quentin said, some of it is turning out the line and if we did go to the bond market, and some of the debt that we now have has higher cash coupons that has lower GAAP interest rates. And so that would show up as a dilutive -- a slightly dilutive impact even though it could be cash accretive.
Debra A. Cafaro: The mortgage debt really isn't -- wouldn't be until -- if we chose to take it out early, it wouldn't be really until the end of the year. So there won't be much of an impact on that in '12.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we'll access market conditions at that time. Again, I think one of the things that we try to be really good at is capital raising and hitting the right market at the right time. So obviously, we have to see what market conditions are and then we'll make a judgment at that time.
Debra A. Cafaro: We think there will be as well. Wherever there's a lot of change and there's a lot of real estate and a lot of capital needs, which in, obviously, with the relationships that we have, we should be very well positioned to both understand and execute. And so over time, I think it will be a fruitful avenue potentially.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, our Lillibridge partnership has gone quite well. We're looking at our friends across the table here and obviously, at the high quality portfolio. And so -- and in strategy, so the assets in our MOB Lillibridge portfolio are generally performing well, and so if there's an opportunity, I'm sure we would look at it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Remember, I was just addressing the, essentially the $300 million that we talked about as a near-term opportunity. I mean, look at our -- you know our credit stats are just of the chart, they deserve the IBM coupon. And so a $300 million acquisition is not going to move the needle one way or another.
Debra A. Cafaro: As you know, we are absolutely fanatical about managing our balance sheet, keeping a strong balance sheet and we have our own identified target ratios that are very strong that we have maintained over years and years of growth, again, going from the $200 million of equity capital to the $19 billion now. And I think equity has grown twice as much as debt over that time, so we have been able to make money for shareholders while maintaining a really strong balance sheet, and again that goes back to the offense and defense. And you will not see any -- we are as committed to that now as we always have been. So you should feel good about that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we look at those kind of tactical things all the time, and hopefully, we're doing a good job balancing all the objectives that we have in terms of tapping the market at the right time, providing our bond investors with liquidity and keeping a lot of availability on the line over time so that we could be opportunistic. So it's a mixture of all of -- it's a judgment call, really, of all of those qualities. So I want to thank, Derek, our operator, and all of our participants. With 10-year total return exceeding 770%, normalized FFO, compound annual growth over 10% and the highest compound dividend growth rate in REITs sector over that decade, I think you would all acknowledge that Ventas stacks up very well against many of the growth REITs, while also providing investors with shelter in the storm. So we really believe we enjoy valuable attributes that are going to support Ventas' continued success and growth for our constituents. And these are most importantly, our long tenured cohesive management team that focuses on delivering consistent superior total return to investors, excellent underlying supply-demand fundamentals in our business, a flexible business model, a competitive cost of capital, a huge fragmented market where consolidation and change will provide opportunities and an excellent diverse portfolio and of course, a strong balance sheet. So we hope everybody has a great rest of the summer. We're happy to see through our second quarter earnings, and we look forward to seeing you all in the fall. Thank you for your support.
