Debra Cafaro: This is Debbie, Juan. What I would say about the agreement is that it's a mutually beneficial one where we were able to provide Sunrise with good long-term stability in its management contract for the original term. And we were able to make sure we were really aligned for growth going forward and also we were able to achieve as you said some lower management fees. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, you should think about I'd say very positively which is that we've actually created incentive for Sunrise to grow even more than the old agreements provided for. And if they do, there will be shared benefit to both companies from hitting those goals which are stretch year goals.
Debra Cafaro: Good. So again this is a really good opportunity I think for us to work with our customers and benefit them in a way that also is good for Ventas shareholders. So this is still at the very early stage. It is 11 asset, we've agreed to jointly market those assets with Brookdale. So we would be exiting those assets together and a new operator would take over. And our portfolio would improve, Brookdale's performance would improve as a result but again it's a modest transaction in $20 million plus range. So at the margin but again a good example of how the companies can work together to benefit those sets of shareholders. 
Debra Cafaro: We have a good relationship with Brookdale and they are one of the largest obviously senior living providers. And we've been doing business with them since 2005. So I would hope that over the years as we have we will engage in lots of different types of discussions with them to grow and to dispose as we just talk about in ways that can be beneficial for both of us.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I love the way you say loan to own, I wish I could say it as beautifully but what we really have committed to in the hospital business and with Ardent is to help Ardent grow and extend their business in a really high quality selective way. And that means of course great market share, great assets and good payer relationship, good mix. And so LHP meets all of those and what we've tried to do is create a bespoke capital solution for the deal that really enabled Ardent to win the deal and will enable Ardent to close the deal. And gives us great optionality as you point out it is a well structured loan, if we get it paid back we'll be quite happy, there are limitation, a lock up period and so on the repayment. And of course LHP has this great partnership with very high quality not for profit system and academic medical centers and in that regard we wanted to be good partners to them. And if they believe over time that there is an opportunity to gain real estate ownership we would be very open to that. But the key is really developing this relationship with not for profit, fueling Ardent's growth and creating obviously a larger rolodex of relationship in for profit and not for profit quality healthcare business. So we are very excited about this and I think it does a lot for us, for Ardent and for EGI.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you for your sensitivity to the situation. I would just say that Sunrise is really getting the ability to have stability in this management contracts for the original term. Again opportunities to align both of our companies towards profitable growth. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, as I mentioned we've established some positive growth target in the new arrangement and should Sunrise outperform those then we will both mutually benefit. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, we basically have modified the contracts to convert single asset right that Ventas has into more favorable but full contract provisions.
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely. So again LHP is extremely attractive because and then we noted that at the very beginning of our deal last year and that's because they have really strong market share exceeding 60% really good margins, really good mix and as I mentioned these valuable partnerships with brand names that give pricing power. And so it is a real gem and in terms of we are looking at 2017 expected performance. And I'll tell you that LHP now is borrowing in the 4s. And so we think that the credit market is understanding the credit worthiness of the company based on that. 
Debra Cafaro: As I understand it, they only have one aspect and it is performing exceeding well. [Multiple Speakers]
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean as we look forward we expect to see very strong coverage of our loan which is at a higher interest rate as well as rent on the pro forma organization. 
Debra Cafaro: As I mentioned, we have myriad ways at Ventas is working all the time to produce results and cash flow for shareholders and to be a good partner to our customers. And this fits really squarely within that. And our business is very dynamic, it always evolving and we have opportunities all the time if we are wise enough and alert enough to see them to work with our partners whether it is the kind of Kindred LTAC sales that we just completed or the Brookdale deal that we just got launched or this agreement with Sunrise to really find innovative ways that are creative, that are customized, that help both companies achieve the goal that they have. And the Sunrise deal fit squarely within that. 
Debra Cafaro: We are seeing attractive opportunities and that is one of the beauties of our diversified business as I mentioned with the six vertical. I think over cycles we've consistently seen good opportunities to allocate capital in the right ways, hopefully at the earlier stage of cycle and we continue to see that. I think we look John and his group looks at tens of billions of dollars of transaction every year and this year is no exception.
Debra Cafaro: Great question. So the hospital market does seemed to be a little bit of tale of two cities and I can't speak for the community deals that they have done which have been large and in the rural to rent, Ardent was a huge consolidator when he was the number two executive at HCA over the years and really started the hospital consolidation craze, if you will. And so we have a lot of expertise, so here at Ventas and also at Ardent and of course with Sam Zell's organization which is the majority partner in Ardent. To make sure that we have a positive integration, we don't take anything for granted and there will be lots of people focus on having a smooth integration. But thank you for that question. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think the synergies are likely to be significant. We would hope to achieve those over a couple year periods with a majority and achieve in the first year. And so we feel really great about that. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean remember, we are also just so you know to keep this in context, and these are five hospitals. 
Debra Cafaro: We paid -- we are a dividend paying company so we like cash payments. So it is cash and it is a floating rate loan and our view on it, it is a market loan, it is attractive for all parties and we were able really to step up and provide a lot of certainty and expertise to EGI and Ardent. And that was I think really beneficial for the deal as a whole. And all three parties I think are happy about it. 
Debra Cafaro: I am glad that you've noticed that our FAD is going up because of course that's very beneficial to our cash flow. And also the Wexford assets are very new and so we would not expect to have a significant amount of recurring CapEx on that, 25 assets portfolio. So hopefully that's helpful. 
Debra Cafaro: We are going to have to move on. But like I said we -- our work is never done. And so we continue to work with our customers, with our partners to benefit both companies. So let's move on to the next question. 
Debra Cafaro: Every agreement is customized to the specific situation. We have very positive agreements with Atria and we've now reworked the Sunrise agreement in a way that we feel in sense align growth and allows them to have stability and take care of seniors. So each is unique, I think we have improved the Sunrise situation and we like the Atria situation but it is a customized approach. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean part of our expertise is really developing these contracts in ways that incent the behavior and outcomes that we want. And in general those types of management agreements do have incentive sharing. And the art is really figuring out under different environment what those levels are and what the percentage sharing is. But in both cases with Atria and Sunrise we have that. And we therefore are aligned towards profitable growth. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean as I mentioned LHP is an attractive, they are well capitalized and therefore they have an attractive borrowing rate. We believe the five year floating rate loan that we made to help Ardent acquire LHP is a market loan and is an attractive one at the same time that benefits the consortium of owners that is trying to move Ardent toward being the best privately owned hospital company in the United States. 
Debra Cafaro: Okay. I am ready. So we are inclined to be the leading premier capital provider to the best healthcare senior housing and research companies in the world. And what we do to do is to customize capital solutions for specific circumstances and help our customers achieve their objective. And in this particular case that evolves the secured loan which has of course been part of our business from time immemorial. So the beauty of our business again is we have multiple vertical, six of them, we have -- we are doing business with the consolidators. We are in a gigantic sector and we can invest at different parts of the capital structure. Whether it was the BMR mezz that we did or this secured loan or sale lease pack et cetera. And that is part of the formula that we've used to deliver reliable growth and income to investors for so long. And so this fits in that pattern. And it was a customized solution. It enabled -- our willingness to step up with this capital enabled Ardent to get this deal with certainty because we provided certainty and so that's why we did it. And I think it provides great optionality down the road. And so we feel very happy about it. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, we have the right to should asset be sold to be the acquirer of those assets. But of course that involves cooperation amongst all the parties should they ever decide to do that. But we are in the right position if that ever comes to path.
Debra Cafaro: There haven't been a lot of transactional data to look at. But we haven't seen anything significant to comment upon. All right. Let's keep going. We have a few more.
Debra Cafaro: Good, good. Well, remember we are talking about a sector that’s a trillion dollars in annual revenues. Over $300 billion in real estate value. So what we've always liked about this business is that it is fragmented, very capital intensive, it is consolidating and we just need to do a little bit to be successful. So those are good characteristics. So look we want to make sure we effectively integrate LHP and it delivers results that we believe it will. But 80% of this market is owned by not for profit and academic medical centers and so we like this additional entrée into that community which of course Todd has had his whole career as well. So we like that aspect to it. So I think over time we want to build suite set of formidable high quality hospital business. And that's a long game. But the opportunities are quite large. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good question. I would say that, again, while the opportunity is large we are going to remain selective. And in this business we care deeply about who the managers are. And so we do have multiple ways we can grow this business. I think it's a great advantage to try to scale Ardent in the way we have some of our other businesses because you are capturing those synergies and so on. And so that really helps a lot but over time, I'd imagine like our other business lines that we will have a multiple opportunities to grow with potentially multiple partners. 
Debra Cafaro: And also true that at least one of our triple net escalators has early year outside escalators and that the last one of those would be in the fourth quarter of this year. Yes, it would revert to more normalized level. So all right one more. 
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Well, we believe in balanced and diversified portfolio that over time again will deliver reliable growth and income as it has I would say that in our senior housing operating portfolio which is about a little bit more that a quarter of our business, we have enjoyed tremendous growth as you point out and it is really some of our best assets in the best market. And so we like owning those assets. They will go through normal cyclical activity, but at the end of day in all the assets we owned whatever structure we own them in, the asset have to perform and grow and product EBIT arm growth over time. And so we really like our spot. We like the diversification. We can always modify kind of at the margin or wholesale as we did with SNF business. But on balance, we really like the diversification of our business and also the quality of our SHOP portfolio. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for being patient. And to everyone on the phone, if you are still there, thank you for joining us today. We sincerely as always appreciate your interest in our company. We look forward to seeing you at NAREIT. Thank you. 
Bob Probst: No. It is not. It is again to percentage decline, you can see on the face P&L 1 through the management fee line, the change is very clear on the face of the P&L, but the $1 million is permanently for a year starting this quarter and carrying on is a good number. 
Bob Probst: Juan, performance of the quarter very much in line with expectations. We talked earlier in the year about significant move out which flatter the first quarter in particular and we have to rebuild that pipeline. We are doing that successfully. We expect to see sequential improvement in our occupancy line as we think about the balance of the year. We talked about reaching the mid point of our one to two point guidance which implicitly is a confident vote in fourth quarter so we feel like we are on track. 
Bob Probst: Sure. Good question and I'll approach that both sequentially and year-over-year. Sequentially you have a day's difference and you have seasonality, so I wouldn't look at the sequential growth rate because it isn't representative, year-over-year however we have approximately 5% growth in the expense line and that's principally driven by labor. And it is due to factors we talked about before whether that is minimum wage pressures or just a tightening labor market. And so that is certainly something, we are keeping a wary eye on, we've got a price to cover that and that's where -- therefore I come to the importance for example of annual rate letter and really being smart about where you have pricing power and getting the ability to cover your cost through improved pricing. So that is something we are likely to see carry on. 
Bob Probst: I caution using any quarter as representative. There are always ebbs and flows. I think it is safe to say as we talked about early in the year 4% as a good benchmark. We saw a bit of pressure on that in the third underlying drivers of that I think we expect for the foreseeable future in the near term carry on. And so therefore we need to have the smart pricing decision on top of that. That as we think about 2017 is particularly important. 
Bob Probst: Yes. Tayo absolutely and I mentioned earlier the need to understand your portfolio where you have pricing power. This is the time of the year where we are working in collaboration with our operators around the annual rent letter which is an important part of the revenue line for the forward year. And therefore we need to take advantage of that pricing power and the value senior housing which I keep espousing, the value proposition is tremendous and therefore we need to recognize that through that price. So we will be very thoughtful about that as we head into 2017.
Bob Probst: No, Rich. Thanks for that question. And I highlighted the fact that we are expecting to hit the mid point of the range for the year. And even adjusting for the benefit of the Sunrise agreement that would still put us right into that guidance range.
Bob Probst: Sure. It really is the market by market conversation based on the dynamics of that market, Michael. But I can say is if you look at across our portfolio as the rate growth that we had and we saw 3.6% RevPAR growth in quarter. We see growth pretty consistently across the portfolio. And I think in the next data if you do the same you see that rate is up pretty significantly. And we see that in our portfolio. Now there are always pockets where there are exceptions both above and below the average. But I'd say overall we are seeing good rate opportunity. And again the opportunity to carry that forward as we look ahead. So the pricing power is there and it is real.
Bob Probst: Yes. I mean the revenue line is going to be a function of both moves ins and the annual rate letter on a blended basis, very positive and again it is market by market dynamic but overall across the portfolio we feel good about the price. And that is as you know has been the strategy from the beginning of the year and it is held in very well.
Bob Probst: Sure. Well, certainly as we think about the redevelopment and development pipeline that something we've talked about that we are really excited about. And we get strong risk adjusted returns on that area with the addition of Wexford clearly there is new opportunity there as well. So I'd expect to see those expenditures go up. At the same time on a non recurring type FAD CapEx if you like, I think we've been quite disciplined and maintain the right level of spend to invest in the properties but also being mindful of cash flow. So I'd say it will trend up through those high return opportunities. We step back from it all and look at our underlying free cash flow, we feel very comfortable we can service that. So aren't concerned about the financing. 
Bob Probst: Yes, certainly the confidence in the performance of the portfolio is what's driving that increase. We increased in last quarter as you know, increased it again this quarter. I mean that's just due to portfolio performance overall. And within that each of the segments we identified we think will be at the point and that led us to overall strong performance. So that confidence in year-to-date plus the fourth quarter is why we did it.
Bob Probst: Well, sequentially we saw a nice increase that seasonal typical this time of a year. But also narrow the gap year-on-year which was encouraging to us. And is consistent with what we've talked about last quarter. And so again very much in line with what we had or trade a quarter ago. 
Bob Probst: Yes without specific numbers I think if you look across the board and their key performance indicators green is what you will see, positive trends through the third quarter consistently through the third quarter adjusted admissions, revenue, EBITDA are three highlighted and so a lot of momentum this revenue is going from strength to strength and that's what we are seeing in our business. 
Bob Probst: In terms of the growth rate in the fourth quarter, I think you will see it looks and feels very much like what we saw in the third to get to that full year number so not anticipating anything unusual. 
Bob Probst: I just gave a million dollars per quarter number so you can back-of-the-envelope that based on the revenues in the P&L.
