Robert Probst: Thanks, Pete. In my remarks today, I'll cover our 2020 enterprise fourth quarter results, our expectations for the first quarter of 2021 and our recent liquidity, balance sheet and capital activities.  Let's start with our fourth quarter financial performance. Ventas reported fourth quarter net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.29 per share and normalized funds from operations of $0.83 per share or $0.74, excluding the $0.09 in HHS grants received in SHOP in Q4. Other sequential fourth quarter drivers to highlight include $0.04 of income recorded in our unconsolidated entities, offset by a $0.05 Q4 sequential decline in NOI, principally in SHOP. Meanwhile, Office and triple-net healthcare was stable on a sequential basis in the fourth quarter.  That's a good segue way to our Q1 guidance as Q4 is an appropriate start point for our first quarter 2021 expectations. The key components of our Q1 guidance are as follows. Net income attributable to common stockholders is estimated to range between minus $0.07 and minus $0.01 per fully diluted share. Normalized FFO is forecast to range from $0.66 to $0.71 per share. The midpoint of our FFO guidance, $0.68 per share, represents a $0.15 sequential decline from the fourth quarter. This change can be largely explained by a $0.09 reduction in HHS grant income and income from unconsolidated entities. The balance is driven by a $0.05 reduction in organic SHOP NOI performance.  A few of the key SHOP Q1 assumptions include Q1 2021 average occupancy ranging from 250 to 325 basis points lower versus the fourth quarter average; sequential growth in REVPOR as a result of the annual in-place rent increases implemented at the start of 2021; and continued elevated levels of operating expenses, driven by COVID labor and testing. Outside of SHOP, we expect our property NOI to be stable on a sequential basis in the first quarter. A normalized FFO per share bridge from our fourth quarter to our first quarter 2021 guidance midpoint, together with key assumptions, can be found in our press release and our business update presentation posted to our website today.  I'll close with our balance sheet and capital activity. I am proud of the actions the Ventas team has taken to manage our balance sheet, leverage and liquidity. We have navigated the disruption created by COVID and kept Ventas strong and stable while protecting shareholder capital. I'd highlight a few of our most recent actions and results.  First, some key stats from 2020. We finished 2020 with full year net debt-to-EBITDA of 6.1x, maintained a strong maturity profile with duration exceeding 6 years, had held total debt to gross asset value at 37%, reduced our net debt at year-end by over $500 million year-over-year and retained robust liquidity exceeding $3 billion.  In 2020, we also took advantage of the strong bid for health care real estate and realized over $1 billion in asset sales at a blended 5.3% cash yield. In 2021, we're targeting an additional $1 billion in asset sales across our verticals in the second half of the year. Proceeds from dispositions are expected to be used to reduce debt and to fund future growth through development and redevelopment capital spend.  In January 2021, we closed on a new 4-year $2.75 billion unsecured credit facility. We had great demand from 24 new and incumbent financial institutions and we're able to realize better pricing. I'd like to personally thank our banking partners for their support of Ventas. They are critical to our success.  And finally, in March 2021, Ventas will use cash on hand from recent dispositions to reduce our near-term maturities by fully repaying $400 million of our 3.1% senior notes due January 2023. As a result of these and other actions, we're positioned to capitalize on the powerful upside across our business once the pandemic is finally in the rearview mirror.  That concludes our prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions]. With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Robert Probst: All right. Cool. So in the fourth quarter, you're right to say down on REVPOR. Tayo, really two drivers there. One is simply discounting in the effort to get occupancy, definitely seeing that in the marketplace. The second is mix. With Canada continuing to perform really strongly, Canada has a lower REVPOR, you see a mixed impact. And it's a combination of those 2 things on a sequential basis which drives the number you see on REVPOR. Positively looking ahead to Q1, we're expecting growth. And again, that in-place increase, very much in line with what we've seen historically, which is quite positive and so expect to see that as a tailwind in the first quarter on revenue.
Robert Probst: Well, I think that will likely carry on, at least in the short run. But you see the lift of the in-place rents, which happens Jan 1 across the good part of the population. So that really benefits the first quarter.
Robert Probst: Sure. I'll take that. So Mike, you can see on Page 12 of our investor presentation, some of the most recent data on the trends in the quarter on occupancy. If you look at it quarter-to-date on average, we're down about 210 basis points quarter-to-date, really driven by that January result. If you just extrapolated that to the full quarter, i.e., kind of baked what we have and held from there, we'd be at the better end of the guidance range, 250 basis points down. If the trend continued down, as we've seen in the first quarter-to-date and carried on, that would be the lower end, i.e., the worse end of the range. And so it's really kind of -- that's the guardrails, if you like, stabilization versus continuation of the trend, if you want to think of that, that way.
Robert Probst: Yes. I love the modeling ones. So historically, we've seen sort of mid-single-digit in-place increases every -- nearly every year. And that's again sort of an overarching number to think about. From there though, a few considerations. There's always a percentage of the population to whom that does not apply. And that could be those who are on an anniversary renewal or those who came in, moved in late in the year and aren't subject to a thing like that. So all of that said, it blends in on a sequential Q4 to Q1 REVPOR basis to improve REVPOR overall. And that is one of the powers of having the occupancy in place in December is to have that benefit.
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's great to hear from you. I would say that we have a lot of options now as we look at investment opportunities. Not only can we look across the 5 asset types, but also we have a number of tools we can use to acquire assets, either on balance sheet or in our investment management business. So I'd say we're really looking across the board. We've got obviously a lot of life sciences and research and innovation, both ground-up development as well as acquisition activity. We've got some senior housing possibilities in the pipeline.  Ardent is obviously doing well. And we continue to look for similarly high-quality opportunities in that space. And so it really is quite interesting and across the board. And as I mentioned, we're continuing to invest with LGM. They have done just an incredible job, both on the management of the stable portfolio but also in developing and leasing up very quickly these Class A assets. And we're looking forward to doing more of that with LGM as well.
Debra Cafaro: Good one. I mean I gave a little clue when we talked about Justin and Pete really optimizing the portfolio. So while we're really looking across the board, I would say that senior housing and maybe some select MOBs could fall within that disposition pipeline.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, obviously, we're going to look to be smart about when and how we do it. I would basically just refer you to kind of the back half, and you can make a weighted assumption around timing. It's obviously TBD. And cap rates also TBD, but we would look really to find lower cap rate assets that we could dispose of. And obviously, you can see in the market, there's a really strong bid across the board in these asset classes. And that is a very good sign for our ability to execute in a really effective way.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I'm going to turn it over to Justin. I mean, as we've mentioned, I mean, the key points are really around the clinical results. Because you really have to think about leading indicators, seeing cases in mortality. And then when those start to improve significantly, as we've seen, the lagging indicators of NOI and occupancy tends to follow. So I'll turn it over to Justin, so he can really address your questions in specific.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean we are projecting positive REVPOR sequentially. And I'll turn it over to Bob to elaborate.
Debra Cafaro: Right. We've had, with our industry partners, a really effective public outreach on this exact point of really the impact of COVID-19 on these communities and on seniors. And we have made so much progress, Tayo, as evidenced by the willingness of HHS to mitigate some of the COVID-19 impacts by the amounts that we've received to date, which for us has been, I think, about $48 million or so. And we're very grateful for that, as Justin mentioned.  What we're focused on going forward is there continues to be significant billions remaining in the HHS fund -- well, first of all, Phase 3 could result in additional funding. That's an unknown. There's also multiple tens of billions remaining in the HHS fund, which hopefully can be utilized beyond Phase 3 to support the health care providers writ large, including senior housing.  And then in terms of additional COVID relief packages, we would endeavor to make the case that some of those funds should be either earmarked for or certainly available to be used to mitigate the continuing impact of COVID-19 on the 1 to 2 million seniors, who are cared for in senior living. So that's the framework, and we'll continue to try to make -- be effective advocates with policymakers to produce a favorable and, I think, very justifiable outcome on a public health priority basis.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good question. I'm going to turn it over to my colleagues. And again, I think in light of the conditions in January, we are -- feel that our portfolio is really hanging in there in terms of leads and occupancy. So I'll turn it over to the team to answer the specific question that you're asking.
Debra Cafaro: I think what is incredibly encouraging is that the clinical conditions in January were the worst that they've been really since the beginning of the pandemic. And you can see that on the slide, yet we are getting incredible demand, in my opinion, in January, nonetheless, through both leads and move-ins. And that, to me, is an incredible combination and one that is just really heartening about this being a kind of need-based business that is going to be resilient. And that happens during the toughest times. And so that's what -- that is the key point, Mike. Thank you for raising it.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. In general, the uptake with the residents has been really, really high, in and around the 90% range. And probably even higher if you take out people who were ineligible, either because they had just had COVID or something like that or another medical condition. And amongst the staff, it's really been in that 40%-ish, plus or minus, at the beginning on the first clinic. But we're seeing way higher uptake of employees getting that first shot at the second clinic. And so those numbers are going much higher both because of an increasing comfort level with the vaccine and also some operator, we'll call it, incentives and requirements. And Justin, maybe you can touch on what the operators are doing in the vaccine to make the uptake better.
Debra Cafaro: Good to have you. I'm going to turn that over to our team to talk about the significant leasing interest there in the uCity market.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Well, that, I believe, is those 800 units. So this is what is remarkable and we're trying to have it rub off on us here south of the border is that LGM built these large projects, Class A for independent living, a younger, healthier senior. They're really beautiful. We hope to take you there someday. And then they have a really significant pre-marketing effort, a lot of pre-leasing and deposits. And these communities opened in the fourth quarter and they're already nearly 80% occupied.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we are -- thank you. It's really good to hear from you. I mean, we are continuing to invest very actively, as I mentioned, in life science, in these LGM developments. We do have an acquisition pipeline. So it really is a case-by-case basis. And we continue to evaluate conditions very carefully and are really in a great position, given all the things that we've done and all the pieces we've put in place, to be able to really act opportunistically as and when we believe the circumstances are appropriate based on risk-adjusted return. And so I feel good about where we are. And we have a long history, as you know, of doing $2 billion to $3 billion a year of investment activity. And we're in the market in all the verticals and have the team and the capital options. And so it will be based upon what opportunities become available.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think we would base our investment decisions and our portfolio composition really on the fundamental opportunities that we see rather than what I'll call bridge support for the pandemic impact. So I think you're roughly in the ballpark on the 60-40. But I'll turn it over to Justin really to talk about how he thinks about those asset classes and the differences and opportunities there.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I'll take that. So look, I mean, we have been really successful during 2020, since Justin been here, at really having some outstanding resolutions of the bigger relationships we have with partners like Brookdale and Holiday and others. And that's been really helpful. And we've received significant cash upfront as well as participation in the upside through either warrants or conversions to management contracts. So those have been really well received and rightly so. Our operators, as you mentioned, really have been the beneficiaries in some cases of government funding that would principally be in the fourth quarter. Of course, that would benefit coverage.  But our statistics are really through the end of the third quarter, which is always on a 1 quarter lag, as you know. So they will be factored in. They'll be called out separately as we have with some of the health care providers in the supplemental materials. And so you'll be able to do your own analysis. But again, remember that the funding is really intended to be a bridge, if you will, to replace NOI that would otherwise be there and hopefully will otherwise be there in the future. So that's how we've been thinking about it.
Debra Cafaro: It really depends on COVID, just like almost every other answer we could give you on the call today. The operators are really hanging in there. As Justin said, they're doing an incredible job on health and safety. And right now, we're getting all the rent that we expect to receive and the operators are getting government funding in many cases. So that's a good picture. And if the leading indicators that we've discussed really take hold and gain traction and result in improved occupancy and NOI as we look forward in the year, then I think we feel okay about where we are.
Debra Cafaro: Right now is that -- is they -- as you point out, they are open to repayment and some are also open to extension. So our current expectation is extension. But of course, that could change. And we always like to be repaid. So either way, I think we're in good shape.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, it's been a biblical year, when you really want to think about it with COVID and wildfires and hurricanes. And now we have this severe winter storms in places you'd least expected. So yes, I mean, I think everyone -- many people in the real estate business have significant investments in Texas. And almost all of them will be affected by the power outages and related storm impacts. And that would include us.  And again, our operators are taking extraordinary measures in the case of senior housing to make sure that employees and residents are safe. And often we see in senior housing that after something like this, we see an uptick in interest because a lot of people are alone in their homes, and that's -- you're better off kind of together when things like this happens. So yes, I mean, we have investments in Texas across the board. And we, like others, would be affected by something as significant as the recent storm.
Debra Cafaro: Good question. Again, the leading indicators are flashing green. And Justin will answer your segmentation question.
Debra Cafaro: You've all been very patient. And I want to thank you, as always, for your interest in and your support of our company. We look forward to seeing you soon, and we hope that you and your family stay healthy, happy and optimistic.
Justin Hutchens: In regards to the recent trend upwards in move-outs, that's mostly clinically related hospitalizations, deaths. The voluntary move-out questions come up. We really haven't seen a high number of discretionary move-outs that are for reasons other than clinical purposes.
Justin Hutchens: Absolutely. So there's been -- the standard practice across the sector is communication, incentives, bringing a lot of attention and quite frankly, celebration around the vaccine. That's been very successful. We have operators that have mandated vaccine as well. Where that's happened, we've seen the employee numbers tick up significantly. And we know at least 2 that have made the decision to mandate. There are several others where we know it's under consideration. And it's been met with a lot of success, where those employee numbers are closer to 80%.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I can definitely give you some color. One point about our leads is that leads are actually stronger in our U.S. portfolio, but our move-ins have been stronger in Canada. So when you think about us, think about a higher conversion rate in Canada, there's less dependency on external agencies to get move-ins. But if you focus in on the U.S., one thing that we found interesting is that the lead volume is very high, as Debbie mentioned, in spite of the clinical backdrop. But we're also still missing out on some typical sources for leads. And that includes respites, that includes personal and professional referral sources, which are all our highest converted leads. So as the lead bank starts to materialize and get back to normal, not only the leads go up, but our conversion should go with it. So our operators are fairly bullish on the outlook. But that remains to be seen, obviously.
Justin Hutchens: Dan, it's Justin. You mentioned -- I'll start with the second part of your question. Length of stay has actually gone up. And the reason for that is we've had less respite stays over this past year, far less. So that averages up without the short-term stays of respite. In terms of the type of resident moving in, we also haven't seen a lot of change there either. There's the age group demographic, the type of resident, care needs, everything has been relatively consistent. We just need more of them. And as we mentioned, leads are certainly on their way up.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. Yes, in terms of the disruption, ILs really held up okay. It held up in early going based on having lower move-outs, longer length of stay. Move-ins have continued in the IL setting. They are generally a higher-margin business. So they have a little more room to work with as occupancy has fallen. They don't benefit from HHS funds, so a little later to the -- from a vaccine standpoint. But vaccine clinics are being set up in the IL setting. So that's on that point.  And then in general, the first thing we're always going to look at is the market. And we have within our data set, over 800 MSAs that we study. And within those, we can determine which products will work, which price point is appropriate, could be IL, AL, memory care. But we would always start there and then look -- so market, then it's the quality of property and then it's opportunity for successful execution.
Justin Hutchens: So there's a little bit on the seasonality. When you look at it on a quarterly basis, there's not a big change ins or outs. You tend to have relatively higher move-outs in the fourth quarter and the first quarter and then lower move-outs in the third and fourth. And then move-ins will move within quarters. Some months that jump out to me are January, August, September, where you get a little bit of spike, April, May or some -- usually some good move-in months. But on a quarter-to-quarter basis, it's only like 1% change from 1 quarter to the next. And you just kind of -- usually, you have opportunities to net significantly during those times when the move-outs are lower. I'm not sure if that's helpful. And I'm sure you're [indiscernible]
Justin Hutchens: Yes, I was just going to say, in this setting, seasonality hasn't really held up because the clinical impacts have been so severe at times. That's had impact on demand. And then of course, I mentioned the difference in our lead bank in that there's a lot more opportunity for that to get back to a normalized level. And so it's really hard to point to seasonality in this current environment.
Justin Hutchens: Absolutely. So I mentioned -- but I'll try, I'd like to step back for a second and just reiterate the underlying demand that the operators are facing and how they're trying to play into that. I had mentioned before that leads are very strong, and we're missing parts of the typical lead bank that could help bolster things. But if you look back a little bit, and you look back into September, October, if you look at our leads and our move-ins, you can see that we're running 80% and 90%, respectively, no vaccine in sight at the time. So the underlying demand remains really strong. Our operators are well aware of that. We even had, at that time in October, almost 60% of our communities that were achieving 100% or more of their prior-to-COVID typical move-in run rate. So all of that bodes well. And as operators have tried to play into that and with the backdrop of, of course, the clinical trends they were facing throughout the end of last year, beginning of this year, they're taking different approaches.  One I'll highlight is Atria. I mentioned that they have bolstered our overall lead growth and volume. And they've done that with the help of discounting and it's worked. Because they've had higher occupancy, higher leads as a result. We've had others that have been a little more local market-focused, holding back a little bit to preserve rate. And that worked as well. And moving ahead, I think what every operator is focused on is the wide variety of different referral sources that they've relied in, in the past, how to rejuvenate those moving forward and to play into that, the optimistic kind of supply-demand outlook I gave as well as the trends that are positioning our communities to accept move-ins again.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. Yes. So what you'll see is the -- first of all, 95% of our communities are open to move-ins. And then we segmented them based on just their restrictive environment. And what drives that, segment two and segment three, segment three is the most open, most consistent with pre-COVID lifestyle. Segment two has some restrictions, but you can certainly take move-ins. And it's the state and local health departments that are really weighing in on how open a community can be. And so those conversations are happening constantly. And it's very much driven by recent COVID activity, sometimes in the broader community, sometimes within our own communities. So that's fluid. But as you can tell from the overall picture that new cases are down and open communities are up. So it's looking good across the board.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So a lead is defined really, another way to put it, is an inquiry. And it's distinct. And so it's new. So each month, when you see our data, all the leads that we're representing are new to that month. We don't carry forward. And it's from -- any source, could be through the Internet, could be through referrals, could be a drive-by, for instance, any source that's interested in moving in is characterized as a lead.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. Yes. So first of all, just the fact that there has been vaccines available has played a role in some of the uptick in leads. So certainly, there's an expectation that when the vaccines are fully executed that, that attracts higher leads, more potential demand that would make perfect sense. In terms of defining the lifestyle moving forward, I mentioned that the health departments play an important role in working with operators to define that. Certainly, operators want a robust living experience, as I mentioned, for the residents. They're working hard to give the best lifestyle available. But they're going to work within health department guidelines. And I would expect that to continue for a period of time as they work through this next phase.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. So there's been -- we've studied the performance throughout the pandemic. There's a little bit of a disconnection in terms of our expectations relative to COVID impacts on move-ins and geographies because of the virus has really become -- through the fourth quarter, it became more widespread and more impactful. So as we look ahead, we're really just looking into local markets and looking at the fundamentals I mentioned earlier relative to our position in that market. And there's -- some of the primary markets are really benefiting from a reduction in construction as a percentage of inventory, which we're supportive. But I think to get a real good read on -- to answer your question, I think we're -- we have to go a little further beyond the pandemic to get a clearer view.
