Justin Hutchens: Hi. Nice to talk to you. Let me start with the year-over-year kind of comment you made. So if you were to look at our year-over-year RevPOR and you exclude Atria, which as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, had some discounting. I will come back to that and exclude LGM which performed really well in this past year but they operate at a lower price point in an active living product in Canada. So there's a mix shift impact from LGM. So if you were to take those two out, our RevPOR would have increased 1.8%. So take LGM aside and let's get back to Atria. You might remember that Atria, starting back during the pandemic had positioned themselves to go for volume in a few different ways. Very early on, they were the first to execute testing broadly. As they moved throughout the pandemic, they saw an opportunity for volume ahead of the worst part of the pandemic, which was emerging in the fall and into the winter. So they offered price incentives. And if you were to look at Atria's occupancy growth, if you go move further back from the low point and start back for instance December 31, they have grown 372 basis points versus the rest of our SHOP in total to be like 227 basis points. And so they are an absolute bonafide leader in driving occupancy volume. They chose to stay with the discounting into recent months. We have noticed in underlying trends that they are starting to tighten. They also have a higher absolute occupancy than the rest of our portfolio and a lot of operators in the sector. So we believe that they are well-positioned to start to push pricing in the markets where they are seeing stabilization. That's their intent. They started to do it. They will continue to do it. They have a long track record of driving both occupancy and price. And we are in the very early stages of this recovery. So we are comfortable and confident that then over time they will deliver. One other point and that is that we have Sunrise Senior Living in our portfolio. Sunrise has a 9,000 RevPOR. They are sitting at 72% occupied. They have been driving a lot of occupancy growth as well. And the mix shift that I mentioned that kind of went the other way with LGM outperforming will shift the other way and Sunrise starts to grow. So I think our RevPOR outlook will be fine in the long term.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So it's Justin. There is a little bit of catch-up in terms of supply from last year that we are experiencing in the short term. It's a bump in the road but starts and deliveries are very low and so there is a window that we can look out. We think a few years of runway to really have strong absorption in the sector. Certainly, capital will follow the fundamentals. We expect to see development chase this sector. But when they do, they will be faced with the strongest aging demographic that the sector has ever faced. So we are certainly bullish and confident on the demand for senior housing.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Hi, it's Justin. So even throughout the second quarter, we could see underlying tightening, particularly in asking rents. Operators tend to use short term incentives first and foremost. And we think those will persist as asking rents tighten. Clearly, the demand is really strong for independent assisted living. If that continues, I would expect pricing power to return and particularly as communities and markets reach pre-pandemic occupancy. So we think there is plenty of potential ahead to drive pricing. Of course, as Debbie mentioned that it may not be a straight line as we face this next phase of the recovery.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So it's completely different market moving forward than it was then. That would have been really the beginning of facing new supply and there was still some pricing power persisted during that time with the outlook moving ahead given the demographic backdrop and the new supply backdrop that we are facing. It certainly supports occupancy growth and pricing power.
Justin Hutchens: Thanks. So first and foremost, we just wanted to make sure, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks and I like to say this a lot, that we are in the right markets with the right asset and the right operator managing that asset. So that might be memory care, assisted living or independent living, really all the product sites have good characteristics. The assisted living and memory care are more need-driven. You have higher price points. They also do run at tighter cost. And so depending on the RevPOR associated with the products, your margins can vary. But it's a product that does tend to recover quickly. It did after the financial crisis, doing really well after the pandemic so far. So it's great to have exposure as long as you are in the right markets with the right operator to that product. Independent living has a longer length of stay. It also has less new competition facing it. In the case of New Senior, there is extreme affordability relative to an AL product. It's about at least twice as good in terms of, if you are a resident making a choice within your local market for a New Senior independent living versus for AL. So it reaches a broader audience. It also has pricing upside through investments and faces the same strong demographic wave that are subscribing earlier. One other thing about independent living because it faces less new competition, it does have a higher ceiling. Pre-pandemic it was outpacing AL and memory care by about 400 basis points. We don't see any reason why coming out the other side that it doesn't also have higher ceiling moving forward.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So this is Justin again. This is a product type that I mentioned that has great characteristics. There are 120 units, large units. If you have been to a holiday community, you have kind of been to all of them because they are exactly the same. Big open floor plan when you walk in. Open dining. There's three stories. And so it lends itself well to redevelopment or refresh investment. And we are happy to be situated in several markets that are great locations or high traffic locations or located close to premium retail. They have strong incoming wealth and aging demographics. So a lot of cases, we think we are pushing out open the door to make additional investments. And the goal, on a targeted basis, is to make investment, support the occupancy growth but also push pricing. So we are in the process of evaluating those opportunities and we will integrate that into our plans over the next couple of few years.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So I will start with the flow-through and maybe just kind of refer to it as margin. One thing that's interesting, you can kind of see in the supplemental you will catch this, our operating margin, even on a much lower occupancy right now, is only like a 150 or 200 basis points off of the margin from a year ago on a much higher occupancy. And so margin is kind of hanging in there. We think if you fast forward and get the portfolio back to pre-pandemic occupancy, we think you are very, very close potentially to within 100, 200 basis points of the pre-pandemic margin plus there should be some pricing power plus there should be some more occupancy upside than we were seeing at that time. So we feel good about the flow-through and it's going to be, we are in this period where Atria has one of our best performing operators as I mentioned in terms of occupancy, but they have another 700 basis points to go to get back to where they were pre-pandemic. And during this kind of next wave of occupancy fill that we expect to see the flow-through really increase and margin grow as well. And then the second part of your question is view of the Delta.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Sure. So there's really kind of two things happening. One is the digital footprint that is expanding and then the other is the traditional leads coming back. So referral agencies and Internet-based leads are way over 100%, 150%, 160% of pre-pandemic levels. And so they have played a huge role in driving leads. That's maybe a silver lining that came from the pandemic where it forced operators to invest into that source of referrals and it's a game changer, really. And so we have seen most leads tick up. Now those do convert at a lower rate though, but the more the merrier. So in addition to that, there's three other lead sources. There is respite, professional referrals and personal referrals. Personal referrals in the second quarter for us, we are at 110% of pre-pandemic levels. So those have come roaring back. Professional still down around 74%to 75%. And respite just under that. So there is still a ways to go yet with professional and the respite of to recover which we think is encouraging because the lead levels have been quite strong.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I would, I would kind of stretch out your timing a little further. As Bob mentioned, there is going to be kind of you will have periods we have revenue increase and a little bit of expense catch up. Debbie mentioned that the near term out as a transitory effect as well. So if you kind of push out the timetable away and we don't really have the crystal ball in terms of when we stabilize. But I was thinking more on a stabilized basis. We get there to that pre-pandemic occupancy margins should be within reach of where they were and then from there the pricing power and the occupancy upside for even higher margins over time. So that's all I was saying. And I didn't really mean to kind of pin it as kind of a near term picture, except to say that our margins in Q2 were only like 150, 200 basis points off of the year ago.
Justin Hutchens: I was just trying to say things to kind of support that. So right, as we currently sit, we only have just around or just about 20% of our communities that are at the pre-pandemic occupancy. Over 60% are achieving pre-pandemic move-in levels. So we have great activity. And we are really pleased with this early recovery. But we have a long way to go and so far really good support for it. But there is still a ways to go yet.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good morning. That's a great question. We are excited about this business that is going to continue to grow and Wexford has a lot of opportunities. But I would say is, the answer will be some and some. There are some pre-identified projects that are in the pipeline that would do in joint ventures. And they are carefully selected to make sure we have a coherent strategy around the joint venture. And there are others that Wexford is working on that may go on balance sheet depending on, again, the risk-reward profile. So I think we will have a lot of benefits from this business initiative going forward, both on balance sheet and with our joint venture strategy.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, good morning. Thanks for the question. No, Ardent has been a great investment in many different ways. Great risk adjusted return, great performance and I think even better days ahead. I would say that if we were able to find additional assets in the health system space that have the characteristics that we like about Ardent, we certainly would commit additional capital there. And those characteristics really are around growing market, position in local markets, being one of the leaders, having pricing power with commercial payers and those types of characteristics, obviously population growth and so on and good strong experienced care providers. So we continue to explore opportunities in this space and if we can find anything even close to as good as Ardent, I think we would be happy to commit additional capital there.
Debra A. Cafaro: And different operators will clearly pursue different strategies. And we support and work with them on their strategies and we should see the benefit from that going forward.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, Michael you are reminding me of the very good times and thank you for doing that where occupancies were in the low to mid 90s and RevPOR was growing considerably. And so as Justin said, with the demographic growth and we have this window where the supply is baked over a multiyear period and that's going to be baked at low levels, that is a very constructive backdrop for getting back to very positive outcomes, RevPOR growth, occupancy growth, et cetera.
Debra A. Cafaro: Great. And Justin will answer that. Thank you. I mean with the New Senior pro forma, I think we are going to be over 50%, including Canada in the IL products which we really like and it's a less labor intensive model, for example. But we do like the diversification in our enterprise and we also like it within our senior housing portfolio. So I will ask Justin really to describe this strategy and framework that we are thinking about as we build the portfolio with Justin's kind of imprint upon it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, we have definitely put our money where mouth is in terms of the New Senior investment of $2.3 billion and well invested well located senior living. We are excited about that. That will increase our percentage NOI coming from the senior living area and will enable us not only to capture embedded upside in the Ventas portfolio in senior housing but also New Senior. So that's great and we will continue to invest where we think there is good risk adjusted return and upside in the senior living business. We do believe, as you know, in a diversified model and we will continue to invest in other areas of our business that have performed exceedingly well for us and have really proven their value over the last year, because the benefit of diversification really is that, you never know really what the external market and environment are going to throw at you. And these different asset classes are unified by demographic demand that they perform differently in different environments. And we have gotten the benefit of that so much so in the medical office area, the life science area, the hospital area over the last year that we remain of a belief that that is the best profile to deliver the kind of value proposition we want to deliver to our shareholders.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. I mean, right now it's kind of business as usual. But as I mentioned in my remarks and you clearly understand, there is fluidity and the environment is very dynamic. And so we want to be prudent in our thought process about the third quarter. But right now the communities are all open for new move-ins and visitation and we hope that that continues because the communities are so highly vaccinated and protected. And that is the comfort and the happiness frankly that we have sitting here today that we feel really good about.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we are making good progress. We have a line of sight to, as Bob said, to the balance of the investments which are composed of medical office and senior housing. And because the outlook for senior housing is very favorable, there is significant interest in the asset class. And we think pricing will be in line with our expectations.
Debra A. Cafaro: They are absolutely de minimis because this is a historical one, frankly, that we got from NHP that is going back to PMB. So this is a long-standing one. We did recognize a very significant gain on the sale which was $30 million or $40 million, I can't remember, on $100 million deal. So that was good. But we have very, very limited purchase options for tenants.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think the latter. As you know from the Colony call they have moved that portfolio to intended for disposition of the real estate portfolio that is encumbered by our loan and the loan continues to perform well. And my guess would be that and it's only a guess, is that buyer of the real estate portfolio would likely assume the existing capital stack.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. It is supported by the pool portfolio, definitely. And you know it's a very well structured loan. And we always feel good when our loans get repaid even though we have to recycle the capital. But it proves the merits of the investment, if you will. So we are open-minded. I think either way could be favorable for Ventas.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean whenever there is activity there can be opportunity. And we look forward to exploring those kinds of things. We have had a good relationship with Kindred for 22 years and we have done lots of really constructive things together and I would hope that that will continue.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, that's a great question. It's clearly from someone who has been around the industry for a long time. As we said, as a third owner of Atria, we do like the combination of the talent, the IL and the AL capabilities coming together on a very advanced platform that Atria has to become the second largest operator. So that can really yield some benefits, I would say, with the data, analytics and technology capabilities and the talent all coming together. So it's more about that than it is about the scale, I would say. There also can be benefits from smaller operators. Justin mentioned, we are going to have some, a new relationship with Hawthorne and those were, as you know, the original Holiday guys, if you will. And I think there are some strong benefits that those local operators can provide as well. So we look forward to having those relationships and building them out as appropriate.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. Well, I mean again I think we, as a country and we Ventas with our strong second quarter, have a really of what I would call, my mother would call really, a high-class problem. And that is that our economy is recovering and demand is recovering in such a speedy and robust way that both the labor market and the supply chain are having trouble kind of keeping up with it. And that is an environment that we feel very comfortable kind of managing through to the other side, because when you step back, it's really all about that demand, the demographics, building that occupancy and pricing power and capturing that embedded upside in both Ventas senior housing as well as now New Senior. So we would rather have this environment than many others and I think we can successfully really manage through it because of the demand that is right in front of us.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. And to the specific question, I mean our communities are able to take residents. There hasn't been any capacity constraint to-date on our ability to accept occupancy.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, some of it is really related to this mismatch that I discussed in terms of shifting gears in the economy and that should be transitory.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, this is Debbie. You know again in July, well, first of all, we are really happy that leads in July are the highest they have been since beginning of the pandemic. That is a very important and meaningful statistic. And certainly portends to me, it means there's demand and it portends higher occupancy. So that is really good, as you say. In July, as we have talked about, we had spot-to-spot growth of about 75 basis points. And you know there is a lot of uncertainty in the environment. So if you just rolled that forward, that's near the midpoint of the 150 to 250. And that's how our guidance is constructed.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean the pace and slope of the recovery and the clinical environment broadly in the U.S. is really going to determine how quickly we get back to that pre-pandemic occupancy levels. We are on a good path. I think it's very sustainable. It has been so far. And we are very encouraged by that as well as the demographic growth that's right in front of us. I think Justin mentioned Atria had about, what, 700 basis points of occupancy to continue to get back to pre-pandemic levels. And again, it's really going to depend upon this, we were predicting the third quarter, we have visibility and line of sight to that. And thereafter I think we want to be conscious that it continues to be a pretty dynamic environment. So we are encouraged and I hope you are right about many of the things that you said, Vikram.
Debra A. Cafaro: Love the question. Thank you. Again we do believe that we have created a lot of value with our MOB portfolio as you point out. We have a differentiated strategy with our Lillibridge management platform that Pete runs and that's going really well. We have mentioned, that is part of the $1 billion of 2021 capital recycling that is MOBs and senior housing. So you are right on there, I do think that we have benefited from the stability of the cash flows at the MOBs with our strategy of being on campus and affiliated. And I think you are right that it has very low cap rate, but it also provides a really good differentiated and diversifying aspect to our overall cash flow stream. And so we like that. So we will trim here and there. We will recycle capital. We will take advantage of some of the value that we have created. But we really believe that owning the MOB business as we do is a benefit to our shareholders.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Rich, thank you for asking that because that has always been something that is near and dear to my heart. And there is always this tension, as you mentioned, between really putting your assets with the right operator, the right markets and certainly the best operators. And Atria has been that. Holiday has been a leading operator. So there is a tension between that and making sure you don't put all your eggs in one basket and you manage your concentration wisely. And so we do think that the combination of Atria and Holiday provides the strategic benefits to us as an owner of Atria. And we like that. We like the growth in Atria's platform. That having been said, I think we do have a lot of flexibility in the New Senior management contracts and our own Holiday contracts that gives us the ability through both growth and the way the management contracts are structured to move in the right direction on the diversification of manager point.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, it will change over time and with specific situations. But that seems directionally you know the right kind of way to think about it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, thank you all for sticking with us and for your interest in Ventas. We really appreciate it. We are so delighted with a great quarter of health and safety and results and we look forward to seeing you all in person soon. Thank you again.
Bob Probst: Yes. Josh, that was in the initial $1 billion that the $200 million loan repayment, that was in our guidance originally. So no surprises there. And the balance being property real estate dispositions continues to be the assumption, both senior housing and MOBs. But that was in our first guidance.
Bob Probst: Yes. I will have a go with that one for the third quarter. So you are right to say revenue growth pretty much offset by expense growth. There's a number of different buckets within the expense line, I think, worth highlighting. One is simply an extra day which is meaningful when you think sequentially third quarter versus the second quarter. That has a meaningful impact. The next is, I call it typical seasonal cost increase in the third quarter. Utilities is the easy one. Repairs and maintenance is another. But you see that every third quarter. The third bucket is really a function of occupancy growth and activity levels increasing in the communities. And then obviously you have incremental cost associated with that which is a good thing. And kind of overlaying all of that is, back to this question of short term wage pressure in light of the labor market, which is effectively embedded in the thinking. But there is a series of different buckets that altogether add up to that third quarter expense number.
Bob Probst: Yes. Nick, I think it's right to say that as occupancy grows you are going to have some level. It's not a perfect linear one-for-one relationship whereby you add occupancy you add a head. It is more of a step-change type function. This always creates a beta as to what level that is. I think, qualitatively, we would tell you we are in that. We are growing labor as we are growing occupancy right now as a consequence of having come out the other side flexing labor, as you say, which should reach a level where then there is some scale advantage, if you like, that you can then hold off until you get to the next level of occupancy. I can't give you a number on that. But we are certainly in that upward trajectory right now.
