Robert Probst: So it's probably easy to look at the back half of the year relative to the third quarter. And at the implied midpoint in the back half, we're expected to be about 3% down on NOI year-over-year, and that's obviously right in line with where we were in the second quarter. We raised the low end of the guidance range with our confidence, having had now half year under our belt. It was down roughly 1.2% with strong start to the year and with some better visibility now into deliveries in the year, which are indeed elevated as expected. So, it's playing out pretty much as we thought. Occupancy has been at the better end of our guidance range both in the second quarter and trending early, very early, here in the third quarter to be the same. But the guidance range is put out at beginning of the year are holding true at the bottom line, and indeed the piece parts are very consistent with where we were last quarter one.
Robert Probst: Yeah, the range for the back half is really, again, a function of the timing and the impact of new deliveries. So, we saw elevated deliveries in the second quarter. We expect to see the same in the back half of the year, but again, that's a variable that we don't control. And that's certainly something we want to understand before we're going to put out 2019 expectations, so, just a bit too early for that. Of course, thinking longer-term, the starts data that we shared both for NIC and our portfolio are really encouraging. But as we think about 2019, we need to see more of the second half unfold.
Robert Probst: Sure. Well, we always expect and underwrite a transition dip. It's just inevitable, we've done this many times. Like anything, when you move from operator A to operator Billion, there's going to be a change. I think the team has done a very nice job of managing that. It's one of the biggest transitions certainly in our experience that we've seen. And Kai and team have done a really nice job, to be counter seasonal, growing occupancy when typically it's down over 200 basis points, which is a great number. And as part of that, now really getting into rolling out the operational initiatives that they set out to do from the beginning, so, it's proceeding according to plan. But there will be disruption, and the plans are in place to manage through that.
Robert Probst: Sure, yes, we highlighted. As you noted, the Kindred fees,¸$0.03, expect that in the third quarter, back in February in terms of the fees year-on-year. But at the same time, back in February, highlighted the impact of dispositions including LHP and the loan repayment associated therewith, and there was as $0.10 decline that we talked about which is a net decline year-on-year, in part, netted out by those fees that we received in the quarter the $0.08. So they've always been in the guidance, in that bucket if you like back in February. And so, really no change there, and it happened midyear as we expected.
Robert Probst: I don't have it readily available. It's certainly something we can follow up with, Rich, if you're interested. I think the trends will likely be quite similar.
Robert Probst: Yes great question, because you're right, there has been some quarterly volatility, not unusual. We have noise in there on things like insurance true-ups and so on which I would look at the first half to try to balance it out a little bit, and we're sort of in the 2% year-over-year range, which I think is not a bad run rate. And we've talked about the fact that wage pressure is in the 4% range and the way we managed through that is flexing our volume of labor or labor hours, in managing indirect costs. And the operators have done a really, really good job in the first half on that. We're pleased to see that with some more run way. And I've seen some cost of acquisition of new customers i.e. new residents going up a bit as well in that 2%. But that's a pretty good run rate I'd say.
Robert Probst: We also make a clear point of calling out the number to and investors can see it quite clearly and choose to do what they want that, but…
Robert Probst: Yes, we in the prepared remarks I did mention the releasing spread at down in single-digits and I think I'm probably one of the few who actually quote that number. I think it's a really important number other industries like multifamily they quote that. We have some maturation as an industry to get to that with some common definitions of price and so on. But I do think that over time we should as an industry strive to be transparent on that.
Robert Probst: Yes, John transition-related costs are also part of the deal costs bucket and obviously the VSL transition being most notable within that. So that's the primary driver.
Robert Probst: All the above indeed. The internal/external costs associated with making a transition of that nature, legal thoughts and things like that for sure.
Robert Probst: Well you’re right to say looking beyond NIC has said there will be the negative absorption so that’s one data point. I just circle back to we still need to see the back half of the year and the pacing and timing of deliveries really to make some assumptions around bottoming. But we are where we thought would be.
Debra Cafaro: Well, you're right that the bank and bonds, it was about $1.5 billion in total capital raise, very successful, improving Ardent's cash flow and reducing its all-in cost to debt. We were lucky to be able to buy $200 million of the bonds, which we think is a good risk adjusted return, and also is supportive of Ardent, even though we were basically reducing our loan book total by over $500 million. In terms of real estate, as you know, Ardent has doubled and they have taken on some really good opportunities in two markets where they have significant market share in partnership with the leading academic in those markets. And over time those may be potential real estate investments, but for now, the best approach is to first streamline the capital structure, which is what they did, and reduce the cost of debt. And then bring their operating magic to the two most recent acquisitions which gives us and them opportunities as those assets really get to peak operating EBITDA levels.
Debra Cafaro: I'll let, Bob, address that in depth. But we did include it in our forecast and you'll see that as we stated in the press release, that it was in our original guidance and perhaps, Bob, can address it in a little bit more detail.
Debra Cafaro: You're right. I mean we do see increasing incremental investment activity coming into focus and most of the things that we are looking at or working on would come from existing sort of proprietary contractual or other relationship that we have, and would be in our major asset classes, more of the same in other words.
Debra Cafaro: Well, that's our principal focus, as we discussed. Because we are seeing a really great pipeline with great credit in some of these leading university life science and innovation projects, so, certainly that's a focus. There may be acquisitions, if we find some that make sense and are value creating. But our principal capital allocation focus is in the life science with leading universities, and we see great value creation there, that's why.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we're always thinking about capital sourcing. And it can range from asset sales, to joint ventures, to other things. The greatest thing that I can report on is that our balance sheet now is at 5.3x, we have great liquidity, and so that obviously provides an asset that can be used to source capital for incremental investment activity as well.
Debra Cafaro: I'm so glad you asked that question because several years ago, we made the case that it should be valued along the lines of multifamily because it really does provide core like returns and incredible resilience in the cash flows. We did work around financial crisis for example, that would suggest that it was materially more stable in terms of cash flows than multi over that period of time. And so, I do think you can make a case that it should be core asset and have cap rates. Along the lines of multifamily, there is some countervailing data or analytics you could argue, but in general I feel that the resilience and the cash flow profile and the demand profile, both of which by the way are demographically driven, are very similar.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I do think that our main focus is really showing that the value of the Ardent investment that we've made, given Ardent's high quality and it's sort of many HCA like strategy. And we do believe in the space, but have always said we would be very selective and we have generally been following more of an urban HCA like strategy with significant market share. So LifePoint, as is a rural hospital company. And so that's a different animal. And so we like to see the continued interest and activity in the space, and always look to participate where we can but with this highly selective focus that we've articulated.
Debra Cafaro: Well, surgery centers have been a good asset class. They're owned by a number of hospital companies as well as United Health. So, those can be a very good asset class as well. And we own some, but not a major business line at the moment.
Debra Cafaro: So, our tax guy's eyes just lit up, because you're talking his language. So, those would be as you inferred, those would be held in a tax for REIT subsidiary.
Debra Cafaro: At the present time, we feel good about the triple-net senior housing, and have projected reliable cash flows for the balance of 2018 there. You're right, a couple of the leases modified a couple basis points over the trailing 12 months through Q1 of 2018 and changed buckets, but overall, very similar performance to where we were last quarter.
Debra Cafaro: I'm going to be happy to turn that over to our newest executive, Pete Bulgarelli, who is in charge of our office business.
Debra Cafaro: And this is really one area of our business where we are growing with existing leading universities as you've seen and we are also being called by and in discussions with that next cohort of leading research universities. And so, we're excited about that, and the only governor on it really is own risk management, because we have a great pipeline there.
Debra Cafaro: Well, as I mentioned because there continues to be really strong interest from all sorts of capital in our asset types because of the cash flow profile we talked about in discussing multifamily, because of the demand profile we talked about, cap rates are staying very firm. And that's why we're really focused on some of the capital allocation priority we enunciated. And we're really focused on the kind of proprietary or contractual pipelines that we have with some of our partners like Ardent, like PNB, like Wexford, like Atria, et cetera. So, that is where we're focusing because we have a competitive advantage there.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I’ll be glad to take that question so we are leading provider of capital to high quality healthcare companies and part of business historically has been and continues to be a loan book of business and that loan book generates cash, prepayment, fees and other types of fees as do our leases by the way on an episodic basis but are part of our ongoing basis. And so as those items are cash and part of our ongoing business we have historically and continue to include them in our normalize FFO. The Brookdale item that you to which you refer is really a non-cash item that was done as part of our lease extension and is a very different type of item and thus the consistent treatment of those items one is in and one is out.
Debra Cafaro: So look every situation is treated on its own we are happy with the transition that we made from triple-net to SHOP as Bob described VSL and you could see by the leasing velocity that can prove to be a really good decision. And as we look at the forward landscape or any individual decision I would say it really depends on what we see the forward environment to be in terms of what action we could potentially take. So we’re pretty expert at those kinds of transitions and also with those kinds of decisions.
Debra Cafaro: Interesting, I would say that my views are continuing to evolve as I learn more. It’s a really interesting question. You have things like equity lifestyles which is not really age restricted but it is really a demographically driven kind of business. You have age restricted apartments which are more of what you are talking about and then you have senior housing. And each of them has their own positive to negatives I think our strong demographically driven reliable cash flow businesses. So big picture we like them but might view is continue to be educated and evolve.
Debra Cafaro: Well let’s start by saying that we are right in line with where we thought or even a little bit better as we articulated in the beginning of the year and I think Bob has done a great job over the past couple of years and continues to have really good forecast frameworks for investors to think about as they think about the forward environment. And we did talk about the fact that our guidance ranges were in part driven the pace, the volume and pace of new deliveries which we expected to pick up throughout 2018. So again we feel very much in line with where we thought and I’ll let Bob kind of take it from there.
Debra Cafaro: And the main point the big main point continues to be starts are going down, the number of the seniors is going up and there is a timing miss match between the deliveries and this increase in the senior population and we are in the process of working our way through that but it will be very powerful on the other side and we are well positioned to take advantage of that. That is the big picture.
Debra Cafaro: Well as we've talked about before, this is partly why we have a diversified portfolio. It's partly why we have a differentiated portfolio, and we are in a cycle and I think well positioned to work our way through that. And as you saw in 2018, we've improved our guidance.
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely, I mean Ardent's average weighted cost to debt was improved significantly with recapitalization. So, you're right about that. And look as in our role as their partner and then our role as a leading capital provider to successful care providers. We are continuing to provide growth capital to them and with over time should there be opportunities that are mutually attractive. So, that's where we stand.
Debra Cafaro: Well, as stated, I think we - if there are mutually beneficial opportunity with Ardent, we are happy to be their partner and pursue them. And in terms of other activity, it's important to see the great interest. And performance of the hospital space this year which is up 25%, but we are continuing to pursue the articulated strategy of being very selective in this space and doing business with the winners, and that's the basis on which we would consider additional opportunities.
Debra Cafaro: Well, good question. I think that, as I alluded to, we are focusing on these areas of investment where we have long standing relationships. Most of those if not all of those four would be developments with Sunrise and maybe one or two with Atria, and really high demographically attractive areas where we see potentially good risk adjusted return. And in each of those cases, we are doing those in joint ventures with pension fund capital. So, that part of - the type of investment that I said we can focus on as part of our relationship business.
Debra Cafaro: I can say without qualification that the sovereign wealth types and the pension fund too are matching. Long term liabilities with assets are wildly interested in senior housing. Because they, again, just for the same reason, they see the demographic demand, they see the cash flow profile and resiliency over long periods of time, and that is what attracts them to the space.
Debra Cafaro: I mean, it depends on the investor. It can be both, but they just look right through this timely mismatch that we discussed.
Debra Cafaro: Glad to remind everyone about our mutually beneficial Brookdale deal that we announced last quarter, which extended our leases at least out until 2026. Part of the thesis there is that the new management team is focusing on operational initiatives. And we are trying to support them in that endeavor. And I think it will be best for you to stay tuned as they continue to report. But one would expect it will take some time for those initiatives to take hold but I would encourage you to tune in for their quarterly report.
Debra Cafaro: We're going to do that over time, we have not yet started. As you correctly point out, part of our deal was not only the lease extension but also the ability to potentially prune the portfolio at disposition rates that are effectively six in a quarter on our rent. And we will undertake that over time.
Debra Cafaro: So, we are very happy to be with you this morning. We sincerely appreciate your support, your interest in Ventas. I hope everyone has a great summer. And we'll look forward to seeing you in September. Thank you.
