Raymond J. Lewis: So for the MOB portfolio, it will be plus or minus 3% and then in the triple net portfolio, 2% to 3%.
Raymond J. Lewis: So yes, if you look in the supplemental at our lease maturity schedule and you look at what we got coming up in 2013, it's about 11% of the total MOB rent, which is pretty consistent with historical levels there, so it's just normal ordinary course.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, the management fees do account for a big chunk of those expense increases. We work very closely with our operators to manage the expenses. You would also expect to see, as occupancy increases by 360 basis points, that your labor, which accounts for about 60% of the expenses, would increase as well. So I think when you factor in the labor increases and the management fee increases and look at the balance of the expenses, they would be within normal tolerances.
Raymond J. Lewis: And, Jack, I would just add a little color to that. We've got a lot of those similar types of assets in our triple-net lease portfolio as well, although because they're high-growing assets that have a lot of NOI growth, the operators generally prefer to keep them in that lease structure so that they can receive the benefit of that cash flow growth.
Raymond J. Lewis: But, Quentin, as we've seen in the time period that we've owned the Atria assets, the redevelopment projects have been a great addition to the growth of the NOI of the portfolio, and so we're going back through the portfolio, combing it, trying to find more and more of those opportunities and accelerate that activity. So you might see us do a little bit more of that in the near term.
Raymond J. Lewis: Sure, let me just give you the basic assumptions, and perhaps, that will answer your question. I think, just to go back to the basics, we've given a range of $430 million to $440 million, which represents 5% to 8% growth year-over-year. Embedded in that, at the midpoint, we're sort of looking at occupancy going up around 200 basis points, rate going up around 3% and then your margins would expand slightly, maybe 30 basis points or so, and that's the basic assumption that we're using going into the modeling.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, those are averages, yes, against -- thank you, Debbie, those are against the averages for the year.
Raymond J. Lewis: And sellers sell for different reasons, Rich. I mean, if you look at the Lazard situation, they've been in the investment for a long time. Sunrise REIT was an M&A opportunity, so you have different reasons.
Debra A. Cafaro: We are very pleased with our efforts to re-lease the 2013s as we expected, and those transitions, as Ray said, have begun and will be continued, and we expect to complete that process for the 2013s in the coming months. The next pool of assets that are subject to renewal would be in mid-2015.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, the important point to remember about the Kindred master leases is that those master leases and the structured master leases is set up to protect Ventas. Relative to the 2015s, Kindred has 5-year renewal option, and that option rate has to be exercised no later than April of 2014. And if Kindred chooses to renew, the leases would carry on at an escalated basis starting in 2015, and if they do not, then, of course, our team will get back to work and re-lease those assets as we're doing right now for the 2013s.
Debra A. Cafaro: As you know, this quarter in the supplemental represents the first quarter where the trailing 12 months fully reflects the loss of the RUG-IV revenues that the nursing home operators got in the prior calendar year. And so this is a level where at least relative to prior sequestration or prior any other changes, we think it's a stable level of EBITDARM coverage at the 1.7x.
Debra A. Cafaro: That will depend again on what changes positive or negative you see in the forward reimbursement environment and what the cost structure of the operators is and how those interrelate with each other, but we think this is a relatively stable level for the time being.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, remember, the change in the management fee is -- has to do with the scheduled increase that took effect in 2012 because we had a 3.75% benefit in 2011. So that was a significant portion of it when it reverted to a contractual 6% level in 2012. And then there was some amount of incentive management fee because the Sunrise assets obviously did exceptionally well.
Debra A. Cafaro: That's an important question. We've had a very defined strategy around senior housing operating assets, which the market often refers to as RIDEA, and our strategy there has been to get the highest and best-quality asset with the highest growth potential in the best markets with the best operators that has, simply stated, the most growth potential with the most protected downside. And that's really been our Atria and Sunrise portfolio, and that strategy is working with those high-single-digit growth NOI levels that we're seeing. So the most important part of our strategy is really when we acquire things, what assets and what operators we're having in the management structure.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right, we're -- as you mentioned, we're forecasting, assuming no additional unannounced acquisitions, about $400 million of debt financing and, of course, the most important thing to think about when you think about Ventas is that despite our above-average dividend increase of 8%, we also would expect to generate after dividends almost $300 million of free cash flow in 2013. So that's also a very significant and important source of capital for us.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, no, one of the things that we really feel is a core competency and is one of the most important things that we have to be excellent at is raising capital. And so our team is constantly looking at different types of capital, different tenures on debt maturities, different structures, and we're trying to get a staggered debt maturity schedule, a balanced capital structure, and we're also trying to pick the right spot at the right time in the market. And all those things affect our decisions about how we go to market, when we go to market and what product or tenure we're choosing. So we will hopefully make the right decisions for the capital structure and for the shareholders when we raise that this year.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, well, thanks, James. First of all, we're very pleased with the outcome on the 2013s. It's very consistent with our expectations. And we believe that this is a real great opportunity for us to achieve greater diversification and the same amount of rent. As we look forward, we think Kindred is going to be about 8% of revenues for Ventas in 2013, and so we feel good about where we are. You have to think about these -- again, I said the master lease of the bundle structure protects Ventas, and that's because this is really a pool of cash flow and a pool of rent. So if you think about it, basically, you got more rent on some and a little bit less rent on others, but at the end of the day, the same NOI level obtains. And as I was thinking about it this morning, if we were David Simon and we had 20 malls and we had Saks in 20 stores at a $1 a rent a year, and Saks decided not to continue and we went out and we re-leased 10 of the stores for $1 and 5 of them for $1.25 and 5 of them for $0.75, then we're in the same spot, and that's what good real estate companies do and that's part of our business, and we're just applying that same level of kind of re-tenanting expertise to the healthcare business. So you have to think about it as a pool of cash flow and a pool of assets and what those assets in total are going to generate in rent. And we've we thought that we could replace the current rent levels, and that's exactly what we're doing.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, if you think about what the coverage is now and you assume the rent is the same, you would imagine that the coverage would be about the same. Now if the operators turn out to have lower cost structures, it could go up a little bit. If reimbursement changes, if it goes up or down, that could obviously affect it, but you would imagine if rent is the same, the coverage would be the same.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, remember, that the LTACs went up, $6 million, $5 million, $6 million, and so that's the offsetting -- those are offsetting, and that's why you come back again to the pool concept and the same amount of rent.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay, well, let's recap. Thank you for asking, because we're actually very excited about the transaction and because we announced it on December 24, I think we haven't gotten to talk about it as much as we would like. I mean, the fundamental transaction is this: We paid $242 million, and we bought the fund, which owned 3.7 million shares of Ventas, which at that time was worth maybe $230-something million, and we bought a third stake in the Atria management company, which as I mentioned is the fifth-largest provider of senior care in the United States. And so that investment is really a strategic investment for us. The management team now owns the other 2/3 of the business. So it provides great alignment and Atria is in a great, great spot really to continue to grow and we hope to grow with them.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we expect to make money on that investment, and the business is very stable. It has about $30 million of cash on hand, and we expect to make a profit on the investment, but the real reason that we're doing it is to have alignment with our provider and to help them grow. I mean, the investment itself is very, very small.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, as you know, we're all about offense and defense, and this is a great -- again, Atria is well-positioned and so are we, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, to really take advantage of this operator consolidation craze and the changes in the senior housing business. And so Atria is in a good spot, and we are in a great spot with our third investment to have a lot of options going forward in the senior housing business.
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that the pipeline is very active and very large, as it has been for the past multiple years. And again, we are in a great sector for external growth, and I think we're very well-positioned with all of our relationships. And it's really across the sector: senior housing, medical office and the government reimburse sectors as well as others, and so we feel really good about the forward environment.
Debra A. Cafaro: We are seeing significant redevelopment opportunities in particular, and Ray can add to that comment. And then we would expect at any given time to have $100 million to $200 million of development, redevelopment projects kind of in progress. _
Debra A. Cafaro: And you also might see some income-returning investments in our triple-net portfolio as well, where we can get above-average risk-adjusted return on existing assets.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, the domestic opportunities, given the fragmentation in the market and the need for capital and the consolidation in the market as well as just all the change within the healthcare and senior housing business, we have a ton of opportunities domestically. We certainly have talked about and from time to time, look at international opportunities in Canada and elsewhere. And if we found something that worked for us, we would attempt to see if it works for our shareholders, so -- but the focus continues to be on the domestic opportunities.
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, when we make loans, we consider them for repayment rather than loan-to-own so that's how you should think about it.
Debra A. Cafaro: No. I mean, we have small amount, obviously, that paid off last year and that's in our disposition and loan repayments kind of section that we talk about. It was about $420 million last year and then this year we're modeling about $300 million of -- it's mostly asset sales, but it also is a little bit of loan repayments, but very little in the loan book in 2013.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think that we have made the case over time that real estate assets will ultimately flow to the most sufficient owners. And I think the capital, the capital needs in the hospital business and the hospital business is enormous. The capital needs are great, and the sources of capital available to hospitals continue to be constrained and a little bit more expensive. And so over time, I would imagine that opportunities will present themselves that are perhaps higher quality than the kinds of hospital opportunities that have been available in the past.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. I mean, it would really be just like any other underwriting that we do in, in any of our sectors, which is to understand what the sustainable cash flow and cash flow growth is, what the volatility is, and then what the risk-adjusted return and coverage should be. So it's just a different analysis depending on which subsector, but it's the same principle.
Debra A. Cafaro: We like to be -- we like the 8 in 8 years, but I think that we have a really good record of increasing dividends at above average cash flow level at about average rates, but also retaining more cash flow every year to reinvest and continue and grow. And that's how we think about it, and hopefully, we'll be able to continue that trend in the future.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right, when we put out our press release at the end of the year in terms of our year-end investments, we did -- we made about $400 million of senior secured loans.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean, I think what's been great about Ventas is we have been able to acquire $14 billion or more of assets over the past couple of years, and our unlevered returns are quite high. This year, the 2.7 was the cash on levered yields approaching 8%. So that's been outstanding, and one of the ways that we think about acquisitions is to try to be kind of ahead of the herd as we acquire things. And I think we can still acquire assets in our core sectors at attractive risk-adjusted returns, depending on the growth profile for those assets. We'll continue to watch replacement cost levels as we make acquisitions, as we always do. And we'll be a disciplined acquirer, but I do think the environment continues to be good for us to be able to add value through our acquisition activity.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we're always glad when other people discover the benefits of our asset base as the largest owner of some of these sectors, and I'd say it's always been competitive, and it still is competitive. But as I said, we have a great team, great relationship, and I think we'll get more than our fair share.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, if you look at the supplemental, you see that the Kindred EBITDARM coverages on SNFs are about 1.5x now, so you guess in the kind of 1.5x plus or minus range, assuming...
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, we have taken a deliberately private-pay approach to most of our investment activity. We've always been a supporter of the skilled nursing and post-acute business. It is a low-cost provider, and it has a place in a healthcare REIT portfolio. It has a place in the delivery of healthcare in the United States, but we have, since probably 2010 been very active in building the private pay part of our business, and that's kind of where we are now.
Debra A. Cafaro: I totally disagree with the statement and the premise. These are the best assets in our industry with very, very stable operating histories. They had positive -- this industry had positive NOI growth through the financial crisis and recession, which is the only real estate asset class to deliver that kind of performance, and that's because the assets are need-based. They're supported by strong demographic growth in the over-85 population, and we have the data that supports that performance through basically a depression in the United States. And so I think these assets are our best assets, and ones that actually improve the reliability of our cash flow. And if you look at our total NOI of, let's call it, $1.6 billion next year and this is a quarter of that, if it goes up or down 2% or whatever, that is an absolute immaterial impact on our cash flow and our debt coverages. So I think this portfolio improves the reliability of Ventas as a company and as a debt issuer. And we believe it's going to grow, as Ray said, 5% to 8% same-store as we look into 2013.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, Moody's moved us to positive in December, and I think that as the assets continue to perform and the facts become known, you can't fight the facts. And the performance has been very strong and reliable, and the most important thing is that we have a huge business with scale that's balanced and diversified. And that is the best possible thing for bondholders and equity holders alike. So, Tom, we're going to have to move on to the next question.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we -- as we looked through the portfolio, we thought that these were assets that we would like to sell, and so we put them in the sale bucket as opposed to the re-leasing bucket.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, again, if you look at all the portfolio right now in the supplemental, basically, after all the RUGs has -- the RUGs removal has washed its way through the system and then before perhaps all the mitigation has taken effect, you're right about somewhere in our portfolio for skilled nursing between 1.5x and a 1.7x EBITDARM coverage. And then depending on what the overhead you want to allocate as a percentage of revenues, you get down to, let's call it, a 1.3x, 1.2x EBITDARM coverage, and we're perfectly comfortable with that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, which again makes sense because the assets are profitable, and will continue to be profitable to the new tenants.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, I would say that I love our portfolio, and it's delivering single-digit, high-single-digit growth, and it's really just a little bit of a strategic matter relative to the operators and how they're going to organize their business. You see that in the hotel sector as well.
Debra A. Cafaro: So we look at every deal to judge whether on many, many different metrics, it will create value and it is a good risk-adjusted return for that investment. And then, well, how it fits into the overall Ventas balance that we want to have in our portfolio. So I think it's really just a case-by-case basis, depending on the quality of the assets, the growth we expect, the markets, the operator, is it a new relationship with someone, is it a pool, et cetera? And all of those factors really go into how we price our investments and how we decide whether to go forward or not. And I would say that, again, our strategy that we've put in place with a balanced portfolio, the percentage of our portfolio that's in these high-quality senior housing assets, coupled with the stability of the triple nets and the MOBs, has been working very, very well.
Debra A. Cafaro: I really don't even understand the question in terms of premium or not. We look at it and we say, "Would we be happy to own these assets at a pick a number, 6.5 cap rate with a high-single-digits growth rate" and the answer, in these primary markets with barriers to entry, the answer is a resounding yes.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have, I've been walking around glued to our tax guy, who's kept us on good stead in the REIT compliance area for 13 years. And I would say we're well in compliance, and we expect to stay so, and we have lots of protections to make sure that's the case as we always would do.
Debra A. Cafaro: The REIT statute itself does have cure provisions in it, but we would not expect to need to rely upon that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Rich, thanks for hanging out with us till the end. We really appreciate it, and we want to close the call with appreciation to all of you for listening, and we look forward to seeing many of you in Florida in the next couple of weeks. Thanks again.
James Milam: Okay. And then just bigger picture, you guys have done more 5- and 7-year maturities than 10-year maturities, at least in 2012. I'm just curious if in 2013 your intent would be to lengthen maturities or I know there's another hole in the maturity schedule around 2020, if you would maybe look to fill that first.
James Milam: I'm just curious, 10-year bonds costs a little bit more than 7-year bonds, and that affects free cash flow to equity. That's all I'm after.
James Milam: Okay, fair enough. And then so I just want to ask one on the re-leasing, it looks like the rents based upon the numbers that you provided for the 54 skilled nursing facilities are down about 10% over where they were with Kindred. So I guess, a, am I correct in that thinking; b, what is the coverage on the new leases; and then, c, how does that affect your thoughts? I know 2015 is still a couple of years out, but as you look at the re-leased assets coming up then and then that's it for me.
James Milam: Right, but for the 54, if I -- it sounds like the rent is a little bit lower on the 54. That's the reason for the question.
Omotayo T. Okusanya: I guess, I could we talk a little just about what kind of return you expect and what the overall profitability of that business is? I'd also...
Omotayo T. Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful then. I guess for me, it's just, again, I would like a bit more of a defensive move kind of given what had happened at Sunrise, more so than anything else or...
Omotayo T. Okusanya: Okay, that's helpful. Just second question -- one more question, I'm sorry. On the -- in regards to acquisitions on a going-forward basis, specifically life sciences, I know we've brought this up with you at different times, but right now that entire sector is going gangbusters. And I was just very curious if your thoughts towards an investment in life sciences had changed or had evolved since the last time we talked about it.
