Debra Cafaro: Yes. We’re very excited and again consider the Spire investment to be a great risk adjusted return and also a natural evolution of our articulated strategy of growth and diversification. Spire is obviously a highly regarded hospital operator, the second largest private hospital operator in the UK and they do own addition real estate. I can tell you that none of the extra $100 million relates to Spire but, as I said in my remarks we do believe that the UK healthcare real estate market is very evolved, it’s very active. And we would expect to have additional opportunities there with Spire or other operators over time.
Debra Cafaro: Sure. And I think that you’ve hit on a really important point in our investment thesis. I would say that when we talked about this as being a natural evolution of Ventas’ diversification, I would say that a hospital asset in the U.S. and a hospital asset in the U.K. are a little bit of different animals and they beat to different drummers. And in particular, I think what you would find in the U.K. is that there is lots of opportunities for support of the hospital systems, there is significant stability in those funding sources, and the risk reward is different in the U.K. and therefore, the cap rates are different, because the reliability of those cash flows over time and the stability of those cash flows over time has been very, very strong.
Debra Cafaro: Well, they’re both English-speaking, I can say that, but yes, I would say that in general, some of the countries that are basically under the historic British Empire would have traditional systems. And in many cases have similar drivers to their current operating profiles and funding sources.
Debra Cafaro: It’s not part of what we said in last January. It was an existing lease that we acquired from the landlord that has long-term term remaining.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, I mean it would be a pretty small panel this year, but I would say that we all as executives and public companies serve at the pleasure of our Boards and our shareholder constituents. And I think that over time that will change and does change as we’ve seen over the last 12 months in our space. And we at Ventas are very serious about our team and I think we are distinguished by the long tenure team we have and the very deep bench, many of which are here with me today, and that’s one of our great strength. And I would say that in all companies, all of our successes are a product of a lot of people’s efforts and I feel very good about where we stand at Ventas, although I have no intention to leave at the present time.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we can look at it – good question – I think we can look at it in a couple ways. If the net impact of bonds and the acquisitions and debt repayments is, call it, $0.03 accretive, if we were at the midpoint before, that puts us more towards the high end of our range as Rick said. Alternatively, if you take the first quarter and Rick mentioned there might be a $0.01 of items, so maybe you take 108 times four and then you add the accretion going forward, something like that, you can kind of get to the higher end of the range in a couple of different ways, Juan.
Debra Cafaro: We think it’s an intermediate-term process, I would say, and we’ll take a little bit longer than this year to play out. To begin, as capital providers, when assets are changing hands, it obviously can create opportunities, it doesn’t always, but it can create opportunities to finance some of that changing hands and acquisition activity.
Debra Cafaro: That’s the word post, but I do think that those are – I think the important point you are making is those are favorable trends that over time we should obtain the benefit of.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, I think it’s great how the LTACH model has been validated, and obviously, Kindred is one of the, if not weak, top LTACH operators in the country, and so, we have been – we have liked this asset class for a long time and I do think there is opportunity for Kindred and obviously the market sees that, as their stock has rallied to over $25 this year as you well know and they have a great strategy in their integrated care markets and those are the assets that we own. So, we think it is great for Kindred and that we will be a secondary beneficiary of those important improvements and again the validation of the LTACH model by CMS.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Look, I mean we are focused in our strategy and we’ve identified specific jurisdictions where we think there are good trends and investment opportunities and we will stay focused on those, and so, more to follow perhaps.
Debra Cafaro: I mean I think we are looking at healthcare real estate and senior housing in the U.K. in terms of the private hospitals. Obviously, these are privately owned hospitals. At least half of the revenue base is private and the remainder is funded via a very interesting system they have there, called Choose and Book where you can basically go online and book your knee replacement and the government will fund that to improve the timeliness of treatments that they’re paying to the private hospital providers and so it’s a very good mix, a very good system, yes. So we’re going to have to accelerate here a little bit. I think, Tayo, do you have anything else and then we have time for one or two more questions.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say that in our case, it would be the little ones. What I would respond is that we are constantly reviewing as we’ve talked about here globally, domestically, et cetera any and all opportunities to enhance shareholder value at Ventas, and we think we have a great track record of doing that and we hope to continue that track record. As to any specific expectations, I think it’s best to just move on.
Debra Cafaro: I mean these hospitals are humming. They’re in great areas. They have leading market share and – are very well regarded, and so we expect to see continued volume expansion.
Debra Cafaro: I think that, one thing I would say is that both for tax and FX purposes, we have pretty advanced and expert in-house knowledge. We’ve obviously been international since 2007 and we have, again, great international technology that we’ve had for a long time; part of that is FX, and I would expect that we would and have generally hedged either through borrowing and local currency or other kinds of products. Hedge about half of the cash flows to mitigate any changes in local currency and where those hedges end up flowing through our income statement can depend on what kind of hedges there are, but net-net, we’re looking at trying to hedge our net kind of normalized FFO regardless of that geography and we would expect to do that with this investment as well.
Debra Cafaro: If we believe in our investment thesis, I would say that one of the big benefits we’ve had is the capital allocators to be a little bit ahead of the curve, and so, if we’ve done our work and we feel confident in the operator, the market and the investment thesis, we would be willing to do a significant transaction. And we also could use the model that we’re doing in the U.K. where we make kind of a beachhead investment and then look to expand that investment over time. I think we’re confident that we could do either of those models as we target the selected geographies where we think there’s good risk-adjusted return.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. There aren’t any further questions and so we’ll wrap up the call on behalf of all my colleagues. I want to thank you sincerely for your continued interest in Ventas and your support of the Company. We look forward to seeing you all soon. Thank you.
John Cobb: I think that definitely we’re looking both domestically and abroad. We’re looking at the smaller yields and bigger yields like you suggested and you should assume we’re looking at everything.
John Cobb: This is John. I mean, I think it’s very similar to the U.S. I think you’re seeing a myriad of suitors, you’re seeing private equity, you’re seeing pension funds, you’re seeing other REITs, you’re seeing international REITs compete. So, it’s no different than it is here. It’s still competitive. We’re still seeing market transactions and off market transactions.
John Cobb: Yeah. I think we have a big team focused both domestically and international that’s looking for good opportunities that can create value for shareholders.
Raymond Lewis: Yeah, so those are non-strategic assets, Jeff, that we really didn’t have a place for. We’re going to sell those for about $42,000 a bed, something like that.
Raymond Lewis: Jack, this is Ray. We haven’t really seen that impact flow through to the post-acute operators yet, but that is obviously a delayed reaction.
Raymond Lewis: Dan, this is Ray. So, you’re right. The occupancy drop is sort of consistent with historical seasonal patterns. NIC did not report the same type of impact. I think when we look across our portfolio, we did push rate pretty strong this year and had some good success with it. So that could have a muted effect on move-ins. Obviously, we had some weather this year that made traffic decline a little bit. We had some more move-outs as a result of the flu season and some higher debt rates in the communities, and those are really I think the contributing factors to the change in occupancy in our portfolio.
Raymond Lewis: Karin I think you’re right. I think, there feels like, and Todd can talk to this as he’s out talking to the health systems that there’s a lot more optimism about patient flow coming from the ACA and I’ll let Todd talk about that.
Raymond Lewis: No, Todd. It’s in the first year and it’s important to note that it’s in combination with the transactions that we did with Kindred last year. So you remember Kindred had a $15 million rent increase last year. When you add these transactions together, we are fully replacing the rent that Kindred would have otherwise paid us in 2015.
Raymond Lewis: Well, Kindred is a large public operator. I would characterize these credits as very consistent with other credits in our portfolio.
Raymond Lewis: Well, so when you look at historical seasonal patterns, Todd, the occupancy typically declines through the first quarter into the second quarter and starts to head up through the third quarter, and then sort of plateaus towards the end of the third quarter and stabilizes through the fourth. Those are typical historical patterns if those hold true again this year. That’s what we would expect to see in the occupancy of the portfolio.
Raymond Lewis: I mean, I think the historical trend over the last three quarters in the same-store portfolio has been in the mid to high 4% and it’s been fairly stable in that regard. I think, as I’ve said last quarter, we had shifted gears on redevelopment and we’re waiting for some of that redevelopment now to move through the pipeline and come online and I think that’ll provide some acceleration and growth. I think we see, typically as I said, some improvement throughout the year as occupancy ramps historical seasonal patterns and so, that’s what we’re looking at. I think our expectation remains 4% to 6% same-store growth this year and we’re comfortable with the guidance we’ve provided.
Raymond Lewis: Well I guess I would have to get back to you on that, Tayo, because I don’t have that in front of me.
