Robert Probst: The $500 million in dispositions and loan repayments is really backend weighted. The loan repayments open really beginning in the summer. Sorry, guys is really midpoint of that back half. 
Robert Probst: Yes. So, you're right to point out in terms of phasing for the year quarter-to-quarter, we certainly would expect in the second half sequentially to see lower FFO per share and that is indeed the case here. I wouldn't say wildly different, but it does trend down over the course of the year based on the time of the dispositions which again, are uncertain. So, it's hard to say exactly quarter-by-quarter what that's going to look like. 
Robert Probst: Well, the $1.5 billion typically 24 months, 18 to 24 months to start to finish, to open the building. And then a couple of years to stabilize from the air depending on they are pre-leasing; so that's how you should think about the phasing of the $1.5 billion.
Robert Probst: I build on that and they can turn to the $500 million of development or redevelopment spend forecast this year, call it 70% of that is in fact development. And indeed, the majority of that is behind the pipeline just announced. So really this is about accelerating that pipeline beginning of this year. 
Robert Probst: So in terms of deliveries, we take the NIC data and we then risk-adjust that should I say, based on our experience of how long it typically takes to deliver. And in fact that trend has been lengthening i.e. it's been taking longer than normal. I think we were pretty accurate in our forecast for '18 in terms of those deliveries. And as we looked at '19 -- as we look at '19, we expect to have similar levels in our portfolio of new deliveries as we saw in '18. Obviously, the trend-down in starts is encouraging as we said. That gives us some visibility now into '20. Of course, that -- that will be a function of timing of deliveries, but we do expect, based on the starts trend, which has been so favorable to see in 2020, a reduction in the amount of deliveries. So -- hence some of the commentary around the improving trends that we see over time in Seniors Housing.
Robert Probst: Yes, this has been a pretty consistent theme, Steve. I think I asked the same -- got asked the same question this time last year. Wages have clearly been under pressure, no doubt. Tight labor market, we're all aware of that, minimum wage et cetera. What the operators have done is a phenomenal job of cost control, whether that be a business model, the operating model, how they staff managing indirect costs et cetera. And so, if you look at our full year, for example 2018 operating expense grew 2.5%, that's right in the midpoint of the range we've just given for '19. Our operators believe they have continued opportunity runway for cost control. But that is certainly necessary in light of the wage pressure as you point out.
Robert Probst: Sure. So first of all, in terms of the same-store pool I just -- I'll just emphasize again, the ESL assets going into the full-year pool in the 2019, they're not in the full-year pool in 2018 as we transition them. So that's the biggest driver, 80% of our assets, that said, even before you are selling in same-store. We do have some assets, which are actively marketing incentive for disposition, is the term we use. Typically in Seniors Housing specifically, these may be in some higher supply markets and so the trends would mirror those types of markets.
Robert Probst: And perhaps a chance as to discuss ESL little bit. The last call we mentioned, they stabilized. We saw good fourth quarter from ESL really on the cost side in particular, getting their operating model in place. So nice stabilization of performance there. In terms of the impact in '19 in the same-store pool, that's a positive impact to the overall by about 60 basis points in the same-store pool overall. So put another way, you can adjust the same-store midpoint by that amount if you excluded it.
Robert Probst: That's the redevelopments, John. Specifically on that page, you'll see at the bottom for the redevelopments. Developments, we show expected stabilized yields specific to the projects.
Robert Probst: Yeah, the half rule of thumb applies as well in terms of that land bank that we quoted going toward -- half of it roughly is going toward this new pipeline. That still remains as an opportunity.
Robert Probst: Actually, we think it's likely to be pretty consistent throughout the year. Forget seasonality, I'm just seeing year-over-year performance. Some of the things notable last year in the first quarter were the flu. This year we have, as I said, an easier flu albeit above normal levels, but severe weather is kind of a new factor in the mix in Q1. But as we look out over the course of the year, I don't see anything that spikes any particular quarter, frankly on a year-over-year basis.
Robert Probst: Sure. So in terms of supply demand, we -- it's really a market by market conversation. I quoted a few in the past of the -- of the major or primary markets like Atlanta, Chicago, where we have seen a significant amount of supply demand, that continues. Secondary markets, if you just look at the segmentation in our supplemental, you can see it does have -- well, it feels a little bit like a more significant impact in terms of supply. Some of the smaller markets Salt Lake City et cetera, but it really is a market-by-market conversation. And again, I think just pivoting back to the overall trend downward, it's -- and starts is the encouraging piece that we keep wanting to point to. It's clearly as we look at 2020 kind of toward the tail-end coming down in terms of delivery expectations. So that's really good news.
Robert Probst: You know I would add, the loans are, I call it $300 million, $350 million [ph] of that overall total.
Robert Probst: Yes, great question. I'd highlight a few things and this dramatically applies not just to '19, but as we think about '20 and beyond. One of the things we have seen is solid occupancy. And I noted 10 basis point gap versus prior year which had narrowed throughout the year in 2018. And in fact, sequentially we grew occupancy in the fourth quarter for the first time since 2015. So there is something going on that's very positive on the occupancy side. I think it's market share gains and penetration. But that's really one of the things we find very encouraging. ESL you rightly point out, is another. And then the third, I would highlight is redevelopments. We have redevelopments in our same-store pool. I mean, we are seeing some lift from the redevelopments in '19 and in the '20s. So to give you a few of the ideas that gave us that confidence and the midpoint improving in '19 and then beyond.
Robert Probst: Sure, I'll take that one. G&A in the '18 v '17 really follows the good performance that we had in '18. So it's really a function of incentives. Staffing has been quite stable and we continue to be very lean as we think about it and that's a variable therefore that moves around every year. I would start with inflationary sort of increase. On a normalized base as you point out, adjusted for accounting type impacts inflationary increases '19 v '18.
Robert Probst: Yes, so, I love this topic, Tayo. I wouldn't focus on the NIC data, it really doesn't look at apples-to-apples, it's not actual rates and it's tough to divine certainly in our opinion. For our data, though, we can see quite clearly the trend and the RevPAR has two components as you know. It has the in-place increases were residents that have been here year-over-year. And that we continue to see very nice pricing power on it. I mentioned north of 5% for those rate letters that just went out, and so that continues to be very encouraging with very few financial move-outs, by the way. What's driving that risk that you point out, rightly in terms of RevPAR over the course of the year, is the releasing spread. That has been in the mid-to-high single digits down versus previous resident and that is a function, of course, of new competition. And so on a blended basis, we point to 2019 in the 1% range for RevPAR. It really reflects those two factors. But it's blend frankly.
Robert Probst: We do see typically in the fourth quarter a ramp on FAD. We saw that again that's true across the portfolio, including our Office. We saw that again this fourth quarter. And then as we look at the guidance for '19 in terms of FAD CapEx, that reflects really some increases from -- in the Office, in particular, from lease up and is a consequence of that, that's the biggest driver.
Debra Cafaro: Nick as we said, we're intently focused on returning to our historical growth and the timing is not easily predictable within a specific quarter or so. But we know we're going to get there, we know what we have to do and we know how to do it. So I feel good about that.
Debra Cafaro: Well, clearly, we've been very busy building this great research and innovation pipeline, and I think John Cobb and his team for that, in terms of looking forward, I would say there's a combination of across our verticals, a combination of regular way type potential investments as well as more opportunistic type things that may come into focus over time.
Debra Cafaro: Just directionally I would say some starts in 2018, the backend weighted and then a ramp in 2020 and some spend thereafter.
Debra Cafaro: Right. And well, as I said, I mean, we're excited about the investments we're making in Research & Innovation. I do think the environment is more conducive and it really is around the fact that we may be seeing a slight upward drift in cap rates, and therefore, rewarding our patients coupled with an improved cost of capital. And then there are certain, again, more opportunistic things that come and go and where perhaps over time those could become more interesting to us. So it's a variety of factors.
Debra Cafaro: I'll take that one. There are -- there's again a wide array of options, many permutations. We're looking rightly, as you said, at being made substantially economically whole. We do have structured guarantor, his credit has been directionally improved as a result of the other transactions. And so, we're really looking at it from an economic basis right now and then the GAAP impacts and so on are -- will follow depending on whether we do a transaction, if so, what that looks like and that -- the GAAP will follow whatever transaction if any we do.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we -- I would just say that, we expect this to have a positive contribution and that's what we intended when we moved the asset.
Debra Cafaro: It's an unlevered yield on incremental capital, John. Good morning. I'm glad people are noticing some of our good additional disclosure and I'm glad it's helpful. But that's kind of -- that's an unlevered yield on incremental invested capital at stabilization.
Debra Cafaro: And one thing we did say is that with the 10, sort of half are with new relationships, roughly have with existing ones. I'm glad you remember that we do have a land bank with some of our better universities that could support about $2 billion of development. And to tie that altogether...
Debra Cafaro: Right. I mean almost by definition, opportunistic is a little bit come-and-go, to use your words. It is more expansive in terms of things where we have a unique insight or we have a unique relationship that we can employee to capture an opportunity that is unique.
Debra Cafaro: I would say that we are running the West Coast assets. We have been lucky enough to be partners with PMB that is a very well-known West Coast developer of high-quality medical office and outpatient and weak, we recently extended that relationship. It's been a very positive one. And they continue to have a good pipeline of development opportunities and we have an exclusive pipeline arrangement with them. Sutter as you point out is one, and it is -- I've just visited it during NAREIT, I believe and it's looking great and ready for occupancy and right across from a $2 billion new hospital that Sutter is moving into shortly. So we're excited about that one and we look forward to taking investors there as soon as we can.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So good question. So, as you recall as early in 2018, we get a very attractive arrangement with Brookdale that extended our leases and also targeted about $30 million of rent for disposition, added 6.25% yield to Ventas. We have identified an early tranche of those potential dispositions and that is part of the $500 million to which Bob referred. And we're at the very early stage of marketing that portfolio and that's where we stand and that will continue to improve the overall quality of our portfolio and be helpful to Brookdale as well.
Debra Cafaro: Again, it's just -- we're starting to see a slight drift upward and it really is in several of the asset classes. And so I think you're on the right track.
Debra Cafaro: So as you know, high-quality health systems and I'll just point to HCA as a public example of that -- has done have the opportunity to continue to do well. We certainly have a great position within the health system market, it's a large market. And I think we would be very interested in continuing to grow that business if the right opportunities present themselves. We said at the beginning and continue to believe that we will be very selective in any investments we make in the space as we have been to-date. And we will remain opportunistic, that scenario where I think we will be disciplined and selective, but opportunities that could arise, we are in a good position to capture.
Debra Cafaro: We have looked at acute care opportunities abroad over time, and it obviously depends on the market and the yield after currency and taxes and whether we think it's a good risk adjusted return. But we have looked at opportunities outside the US and quality health systems over time.
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for asking. The Board just increased the dividend in December and we feel very confident about our position relative to the dividend at the midpoint. It's in that low 80%s relative to normalized FFO. And as we said, we are committed to returning to growth and confident we can do so.
Debra Cafaro: Right. As Bob said, this has not occurred, and so this is a bit of an estimate, our best estimate, albeit regarding our expectations for '19. While we've modeled it and forecasted as just a Triple-Net roll down estimate, as Bob said, there is a whole variety of things that might happen including, as you suggest, a transition of those assets to other operators and the management contract into our asset sales. And so that's -- we expect really for it to be a combination of those things. But the easiest way to think about it, was how we put it in the numbers, which is in Triple-Net.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we have about a $50 million investment in Ardent, and given the quiet period that Ardent's in, I would prefer to defer that discussion and tell another time.
Debra Cafaro: Again, it depends on when and how it's structured. There could be some potential carryover effect that would make it a little bit larger for '20, but immaterial basically.
Debra Cafaro: All right. Well, thank you. I just want to thank everyone for their attention to Ventas and your interest in our Company. We appreciate it greatly. Our whole businesses continues to be driven by this great demographic demand and need-based diversified resilient long-term cash flows. And our team is really in great shape and we feel good about our relationships with our partners and care providers, our balance sheet, our opportunity for growth externally and our large and growing development pipeline of terrific Research & Innovation assets. So we're feeling good and we look forward to seeing all of you soon. Thank you.
