Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, David, and good morning to all of our shareholders and other participants. We want to welcome you to Ventas' Year End 2011 Earnings Call.  Today, I'm pleased to share an overview of our outstanding 2011 achievements and our outlook for 2012. Ray Lewis will discuss our portfolio and investment activities and Rick Schweinhart will review our financial results for the year and the quarter. After our remarks, we'll be happy to take your questions.  The key take away for 2011 are growth, diversification, a fantastic balance sheet and a dedicated team working together to create shareholder value. These have been consistent themes for Ventas and we believe they remain the predicates for our sustained success.  In 2011, we closed over $11 billion in accretive acquisitions, including our investment in NHP and Atria. These deals made Ventas a $23 billion enterprise, increased our annualized NOI to over $1.4 billion, expanded our revenue base to over $2.4 billion, deliberately driving private pay revenues to nearly 80% of our business and dramatically improved our tenant mix.  Importantly, we improved Kindred Healthcare share of our annualized NOI to only 17% from more than twice that at year end 2010. During 2011, we also become the largest owner of private pay senior living, which is benefiting from excellent supply demand fundamentals and demographics. Even more amazingly, we achieved this growth in 2011 while actually strengthening our already best-in-class balance sheet, liquidity and credit profile.  Here are 2 of the most significant tangible results of our 2011 activities: our normalized FFO per share grew 17% for the year to $3.37 and our debt to enterprise value stood at an outstanding 29% at year end. Also, during 2011, all 3 credit rating agencies upgraded our corporate credit rating in recognition of our outstanding credit profile and enhanced reliability.  These important actions significantly lowered our cost of debt, giving us the opportunity to increase our liquidity and further stagger and extend our debt maturity.  To put this in context, for every $1 billion dollars in debt that we replaced at a 200 basis points savings in rate, our shareholders will enjoy $20 million in improved cash flow. We ended 2011 and entered 2012 with strong positive momentum. And we're energized about our opportunities for the year.  First, we announced our agreement to acquire MOB owner, Cogdell Spencer, on December 27. This accretive acquisition of 72 high-quality, 92% occupied medical office buildings will increase Ventas' MOB portfolio to 20 million square feet and the share of our NOI from this large and attractive asset class to 15%. We will be the largest owner of medical office buildings in the U.S., poised to partner with highly rated hospital systems who need capital to grow or consolidate.  Second, in February, we raised $600 million in 4.25% tenure unsecured bonds to prefund our Cogdell Spencer acquisition. Third, our Board of Directors declared a first quarter 2012 dividend of $0.62, an increase of 8%. This dividend increase continues our track record of increasing our dividend at consistently above average rates, retaining more cash flow for growth, and maintaining a conservative payout ratio of about 70%. Ventas has a highest compound annual dividend growth rate in the REIT sector over the past 10 years and we view our dividend growth as an important component of the total return proposition we offer to our shareholders.  Finally, today, we announced 2012 normalized FFO guidance of $3.63 to $3.69 per share. If achieved, this would represent almost 9% growth in our FFO per share at the midpoint. All of our activities are focused on providing consistent superior total returns to shareholders over the long-term.  In 2011, we delivered a 9.8% total return and over the past 10 years, Ventas' total return to shareholders exceeded 720%. In fact, for each of the last 1, 3, 5 and 10-year periods, Ventas' total returns exceeded those of the RMS and the S&P 500.  Our most important asset is the dedicated cohesive and highly skilled Ventas management team. With the recent additions of Todd Lillibridge, John Cobb, Lori Wittman and other key players, the Ventas leadership team has been together for a decade and continues to demonstrate our core values of teamwork, transparency, integrity, a work ethic second to none, and an unwavering commitment to stakeholders.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Ray to provide a portfolio and investment summary.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Rick. Before we turn the call over to Q&A, I know a number of you have questions about the 2013 Kindred lease renewal. So I thought I would address that subject for you now.  So as most of you know, this is our third renewal cycle under the Kindred master leases. Kindred has already renewed assets representing $23 million in annual rent, leaving about $99 million in annual rent remaining subject to Kindred's renewal options in 2013 or 7% of Ventas annualized NOI.  Kindred has until April 30, 2012, to exercise its renewal options on these assets and at this time, we can't tell you whether or not Kindred will renew its lease on any or all of these assets up for 2013 renewal.  The key points that we believe current rents for the 73 health healthcare facilities are at about market level. The facilities are profitable at current rent levels and they would be attractive to a variety of health care providers if they do become available for releasing.  So whether it's with Kindred or with new Ventas tenants, we feel confident about the expected outcome of the 2013 renewal process.  So operator, we'll be happy to open the call to take our analysts and shareholder questions.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, thanks for joining, Michael. I would say that the leases are set up so that we would always have at least one year to release the assets if there isn't a renewal. And so what would happen is we would basically spend that year's time repositioning the assets and as you know or may not know, we own the licenses in the assets and there's very detailed provisions in the leases that would call for an orderly transition of operations. So there really shouldn't be any so-called downtime like you would think about in an office or retail. Really, there would be a transition of operations on -- going concern kind of business level in the assets.
Debra A. Cafaro: There should be no downtime at all. And if rents are at market and if Kindred doesn't renew and we release the asset at the same level there should be just a continuous rent stream, basically.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I really would make 2 comments. In general, I would say that anytime you can do accretive, diversifying acquisitions that improve your balance sheet and reduce your cost of debt by 100-plus basis points and you really -- that's a signal to say yes, you should go ahead and do those acquisitions. I would also say honestly to those cynics that during my 12 years of tenure here at Ventas, I have consistently tried to position the company, not only to grow, but as you know, to manage risk. And one part of managing risk over the past 10 years has been to continue to manage the balance sheet, but also to continue to manage tenant concentration, because no matter how good a tenant you have and no matter -- you always want to continue to manage risk in your business. So if we can grow cash flows and manage risk I think that, that -- and grow a dividend, that is 8% taker as we have over the past 5 years or so. I think that is a recipe for delivering shareholder value. And I feel very strongly about that. Those are the 2 things that we try to do and the acquisitions that we did in 2011 and the one that we're doing 2012, I think fits squarely within our pattern of growth diversification and risk management.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, because -- well over a year at this point, we would expect that any overtures that we would make relative to unrenewed assets would occur after April 30, because it would be at that point that we would know whether we would have 0 assets or 73 assets to bring to market. So we think that there's a time and place with that, but it would essentially be starting in May of 2012.
Debra A. Cafaro: I can tell you they're divided into 8 renewal groups or what we have typically called bundles. And every bundle has between 6 and 13 assets and at least 1 hospital. And so -- and they're diversified by market and asset type, et cetera. And the renewal options that Kindred has are really by renewal group.
Debra A. Cafaro: It could be something in between, as I said, we could have 73 released to Kindred. We can have 0 released to new tenants or to Kindred and all released to new tenants or something in between.
Debra A. Cafaro: We'll give you that. And again, I mean when we look at investments, we take -- we look at them a lot of different ways. And we certainly would want to take investment into account and looking at kind of the going in yield. And if we do that, it would be kind of a -- if we take out the transaction costs, we'd be looking at somewhere in the mid-7% cap rate on expected NOI.
Debra A. Cafaro: There's a lot of cynics on this call. I would say the following: I believe in diversification. I believe in it strongly. And I think that having a balanced portfolio that has a mixture of asset types and operating models is the best way to manage the company as we grow. And so, we have deliberately focused over the past 2 years on driving our private pay revenue and NOI statistics higher and we think it was the right time in the cycle to do that. But obviously, nursing homes are an important part of the post-acute delivery of care to seniors in the United States. And at the right time and at the right price and the right structure, those are appropriate assets to own as a health care REIT, I believe, in a diversified portfolio. So that's how I would answer your question. I think that's how we'd manage the company.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean we can discuss some of our private operators. I think that the revenue cuts are really coming in, in line with their expectations. And people are, in general, being successful at starting to mitigate the cuts and are looking to a 25% to 50% ultimate mitigation level. And that some operators will be able to effectuate that mitigation earlier than others, but in general, once they get everything in place, I would expect 25% to 50% mitigation.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we do have our Canadian Sunrise asset that we acquired in 2007 and we like the Canadian market. I would tell you that we believe that if you're looking at big long-term trends, in health care and senior housing and health care REIT, you can see potentially over time expansion into either the kind of Western democracy that are aging and/or countries like India or China where there's a growing middle class that would be paying for infrastructure, private pay hospitals and things like that. But those are really pie in the sky. Those outside of North America at this point are really much longer term kinds of initiatives and so, I think you may see health care REITs go there over time, but we're talking decades kind of, not tomorrow.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, Jeff, I think turning back to the U.S. is a good segue. I mean the one great thing that we have in the health care real estate space is that we still have huge amounts of opportunities here domestically. And that is unlike some of the other real estate sectors and again, it's because you do have this trillion dollar health care real estate market where the REITs still own less than, say, 10% of it. And that distinguishes us, I think, among real estate sectors in a positive way because you've got a large sector, it's growing and it's sort of under-penetrated in public ownership. So that really does focus us kind of back on the extensive domestic opportunities. And as you mentioned, life sciences is one of them and I'll turn the rest of that over to my partner, Ray, to answer.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have improved operations. Obviously, offset with the increase and reversion of the Sunrise management fee. We've got Cogdell Spencer and we've got some improvement on capital cost and escalators in our senior housing leases. And basically, some timing or negative [indiscernible] from prefunding the Cogdell Spencer acquisition. Those are kind of the major drivers to the midpoint. And importantly, I mean, importantly I would say no acquisition, which we always give guidance that way, of course. And just give you one example, I mean we had $81 million of loans pay off in the fourth quarter and they were in the 9-ish percent. So if we end up reinvesting that money that obviously changes the outcome, but right now, we're just assuming that, that pays down debt. So things like that go both ways.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well we certainly try to deliver. I think we also try to sort of call it like we see it and we're giving you sort of the assumptions that we have and I think, a midpoint 9% FFO growth without any acquisitions is pretty outstanding, frankly. So I feel good about that and obviously, to the extent that we work the whole year as we always to do to try to do acquisitions that are smart and do better than that. But I feel good about 9% FFO per share growth and at the midpoint and an 8% dividend increase and, obviously, we'll try to do better if we can.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I think if you kind of exclude any kind of new development or things like that, we'll be looking at about in the kind of $50 million to $60 million, if memory serves. I'll confirm that for you.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, exactly. Of the -- let's call it $122 million that's up for 2013 renewal, remember all these goes May of 2013, $23 million of that has already been renewed by Kindred. So that's why we've got the $99 million, that is up, remains up for the 2013 renewal.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. Well, the renewals are formulaic. And so the renewal is a 5-year renewal basically with a standard contractual escalations of basically 2.7%. So those are -- those will just carry on and then a couple of them have the ability for us to have kind of a mini reset right or an appraisal process whereby rents could increase to market. So maybe there's some pick up on that potentially in 2013.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I can tell you. On the 73 assets that are basically are still up for renewal, they have 2.1x EBITDARM coverage, which is consistent with the whole portfolio. Remember, all of these, the whole structure of the Kindred master leases is that it's a diversified portfolio at the macro level, at the master lease level and at the renewal group level. So they're designed to have consistency across each sort of economic unit, if you will.
Debra A. Cafaro: Dan, I think that we have done some development sort of consistent with a structure that's commonly used by health care REITs and some of those came over from NHP, but I do believe we do those in the REIT itself as opposed to taxable REIT subsidiary where we're doing kind of -- we're kind of financing a ground up development for one of our operator partners who has a good track record. And then that converts into a triple-net lease, but I'm almost sure that, that occurs within the REIT itself.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, in general, yes. I mean we like to have newer assets, but those could be in the REIT as well. They don't have to be in the TRS, that's my only point.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, our experience is that acquisitions big and small are relatively unpredictable, which is why we don't predict then, we can tell you what the past has been.
Debra A. Cafaro: Great question. We have done some very favorable transactions for both parties in the past where Kindred acquired some underperforming assets at attractive valuations from our standpoint. We redeployed that capital into other investments and those opportunities will always exist and some of them happened last time in the context of the renewal process. So those kinds of -- thank you for reminding me, those kinds of things can indeed happen.
Debra A. Cafaro: I'm so glad you kind of connected that dot. I was going to follow on to Ray's comments that I decided that we don't want to make the call too long, but I'm very glad you added that. I mean, this is a couple things. One is the reason there's competition for acquisitions is because these are great assets in health care real estate, they provide really good risk-adjusted returns. They performed the best in the downturn of any real estate sector, they've got good supply demand fundamentals, stable cash flows, et cetera. And so it's not surprising that there is a lot of competition for these kind of assets and I know all of you think I'm obsessed with cost of capital because I am, because if we want to buy the best assets and still make money for shareholders, and we really need to have a very competitive cost of capital, which happily, due to all the activities that we've undertaken, we absolutely do. And I think it really is important for our continued success. So that doesn't mean that we throw out all of our kind of underwriting criteria either just because something is accretive doesn't mean it's appropriately valued. So that's really the push and pull and of it. And I would say that we have all of the predicates in place for continuing to drive attractive acquisitions and really, it's just up to us to identify those opportunities that we want to pursue when we think they make good sense. But we, in general, we're happy that people like health care real estate assets and really embrace their profile.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, there are 2 reasons. One is as we all know in life if people have CapEx budgets, they tend to end up spending most of it in the fourth quarter after they do all the plan -- they get it approved and they do all the planning. So timing is definitely part of it. And that's why you can't ever take kind of the fourth quarter times 4, or the first quarter times 4. But also remember, we added Atria in the middle of the year and so it would be -- that would be the second major reason that it would be disproportionate to the full year.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, again, yes, theoretically, that could happen, but basically we talked about this a little bit before and I don't want to get too much into the minutiae of the way the leases work, but there was an incentive for Kindred to renew assets where they thought that the reset rent would go up a little bit earlier and they did that. And then with respect to April 30, there's a lot going on in the reimbursement world and so on, we've got mitigation and so on. So I don't criticize Kindred basically for waiting until they have the most possible information until they decide whether they're going to renew or not. And in the meantime, obviously, we talk all the time and if the companies want to reach a consensual resolution, obviously, we have been able to do so on certain matters in the past and I believe we could do so in the future.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, I think it's a very good relationship and it's been very professional in relation to the renewal process. And I would say good, more than professional.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we basically have $2.3 billion in liquidity right now. As you know, we just did the very attractive 4.25% tenure unsecured bonds and that essentially funds, with our cash on hand, more than funds Cogdell Spencer and so we have minimal other maturities in 2012. And so absent additional investment activity, I think we're in great, great shape. And even with incremental investment activity, we have the kind of capacity, so I think we're liquid.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. And I think that's a great question for bondholders and shareholders alike and because we want to make money for all of our constituents. I mentioned in the outset that if there's $1 billion of debt and we replace it at 200 basis points cheaper, we're making $20 million of additional annual cash flow and if we do that by calling shorter-term bonds and issuing, say, 10-year bonds, we're not only adding to our cash flows, improving our interest coverage and credit stats, making more money for shareholders but we're also managing risk by staggering and lengthening our debt maturity schedule. So as we see opportunities to do that, I think it would make sense for shareholders and bondholders alike for us to continue to execute that kind of plan. So over time, I think we'll try to be smart and optimize those kinds of transactions.
Debra A. Cafaro: So I don't know if Jerry Doctrow is on the phone or not but I do want to give him a little shout out for his years of following our sector with great intelligence and humor and vigor. Most of you know Jerry is retiring in early March and it is a loss for our industry despite the abilities of his able successor. So I just wanted to say that Jerry helped me a lot 12 years ago when I got to the industry and I'll always be very grateful for that. And I know that all of us at Ventas will really miss his presence and his perspective.  So with that, I want to thank everyone for joining today. We sincerely, as always, appreciate your interest in Ventas and your support of the company. And we hope to see everybody in Florida next month. So thanks, again.
Raymond J. Lewis: We are providing guidance on a consolidated basis, Rich. I think just to provide you with some flavor though, I think the Atria will grow at a higher growth rate than the average and the Sunrise at a little bit lower than the average.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, Rich, they are, as we've said different operating models. The Sunrise is a smaller, higher, acuity assisted living Alzheimer's focus. The Atria is a larger, lower acuity independent living, assisted-living focus. That being said, as we do redevelopments, we're adding reprogramming for Alzheimer's and other high acuity space into some of the Atria buildings which could continue to push those rates up. And as we redevelop the independent living and assisted living buildings in the higher quality markets, we're also seeing rate increases. So I don't think you'll see that cliff close, but you could see the Atria rate growth go at a faster rate than the Sunrise rate growth near term.
Raymond J. Lewis: Right. And so just as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the management fee this year will be reverting to the 6% rate. So if you sort of back out that $12 million impact and sort of go 2011 to 2012, I think occupancies up 50-ish basis point, rates up 3%, 3.5%, margins relatively flat, ought to get you that 5.5% growth on the bottom line.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. And Jeff, our view on that hasn't really changed. We think it's a great space. We think it fits well within the healthcare REIT portfolio from a diversification and growth standpoint. It is a specialized business. It requires expertise, not unlike when we got in to the medical office building space, we would want to do it either in partnership with that expertise or by acquiring that platform. And so as and when the right opportunity presents itself, we'll certainly work hard on it. There are a number of other, I think, very positive trends going on in the health care world at large, for health care REITs that could drive more business into our wheelhouse. I think, as Debbie mentioned, there's a huge addressable universe, much of which is owned by hospital and health systems who are facing increasing needs for capital and decisions that they have to make about how they're going to allocate their own precious capital. Pressures in the tax code are also making it more difficult for them to raise additional capital. And so over time, we could see a scenario where more hospitals would be monetizing their real estate, both medical office and other hospital-owned real estate, and that could present some really attractive opportunities to us as and when those trends take hold.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, as I've said in my remarks, last year, we originated about $940 million through that combined Ventas-NHP originations platform. We've got, I think, some really strong originators in the marketplace. Very good customer relationships with a number of tenants both Ventas and NHP, legacy tenants that are providing us with a consistent flow of transactions and we would expect that in 2012 we will continue to do a lot of that type of business.
Raymond J. Lewis: No. I did mention that we sort of buck the seasonal trend where normally, during the holidays, occupancy declines and we've seen our occupancy hold up heading into January. So that's a positive thing and we haven't had to provide any incentives or other discounts to drive that. So we're pleased about the way the year is starting.
Raymond J. Lewis: Sure. So those were independent and assisted living properties in our triple net portfolio. Basically, sold at a 6 3/4-ish cap rate on rent. And as we look forward in our portfolio, obviously, we want to be prudent allocators of capital and where we find opportunities to recycle capital out of assets that are either not long-term strategic or where we think we can sell the assets at a cap rate and invest at a better yield someplace else, we're going to take advantage of those opportunities. And with the portfolio now of almost 1,400 properties, I think there's going to be a lot more opportunities for us to do that in 2012.
Raymond J. Lewis: I think there was a win-win opportunity here. They are, I would say, productive assets, but probably not assets that are central to our strategic objectives. And so there's a chance for us to sell them back and have -- redeploy the capital into perhaps assets that we might want to own longer term.
Raymond J. Lewis: I think, James, given the strong fundamentals in our core medical office and seniors housing space, there is a lot of competition for transactions. And as a consequence, cap rates remain very competitive and pricing on transactions remain competitive. We have a number of relationships and as the incumbent in those relationships, I think we have the opportunity to win those transactions at the margins. So that's helpful for us. And then we have to be selective and really look at the deals that we think we want to own for the long term that have the right, either cash flow growth profile from an operating asset perspective or credit structural support and structure from a triple net perspective.
Raymond J. Lewis: Private equity firms. There is, through the Fannie and Freddie agency financing, very attractive secured financing available, so there are people who have access to capital and can generate positive spreads over their cost of capital that will compete for transactions with the health care REITs.
