Richard A. Schweinhart: Thank you, Ray. First, a recap of second quarter cash flows. Cash flows from operations were $277 million, up 29% from the second quarter last year. Dividends were $197 million, producing a net of $80 million available to invest. In the second quarter, we had approximately $378 million in real estate investments. In addition to the cash flow, we raised $758 million in debt capital in the first quarter, which paid down our revolver resulting in ample liquidity for the investments. We also received proceeds of $90 million from asset dispositions, loan syndications and loan repayments. We issued 1 million shares raising $77 million under our at-the-market program in addition to the $5 million raised in the first quarter. We assumed $69 million of 3.8% debt as part of the acquisitions. With all of the sources of funds, we only borrowed approximately $45 million on our revolver net of debt repayments. During the quarter and subsequent quarter end, we paid down $163 million of secured debt. Our revolver balance at quarter end was $260 million. We currently have unrestricted cash of $56 million and almost $1.7 billion in borrowing capacity available on our revolver. Now let me focus on second quarter results. Second quarter 2013 normalized FFO was $1.01 per diluted share, an increase of 6.3% compared to the second quarter of 2012 per share results of $0.95. Normalized FFO increased 7% to $298 million compared to last year's second quarter of $278 million. Second quarter 2013 normalized FFO increased from last year's second quarter due to our last 4 quarters' investments of over $1.8 billion. NOI increases in all 3 of our segments, lower weighted average interest rates offset somewhat by higher debt balances from our acquisition activity increases in net cash balances during the quarter, resulting from capital raises, asset sales and receipt of loan repayments. Average cash interest rate improved 50 basis points to 4.1% at June 30, 2013 compared to June 30, 2012. Weighted average shares outstanding for the second quarter were 295 million shares up less than 1% compared to the second quarter of 2012. At June 30, our credit stats remained outstanding with net debt to pro forma EBITDA of 5.3x. Our fixed charge coverage ratio in excess of 4x. Secured debt to enterprise value of 10%. And debt to enterprise value at 29%. On April 2, S&P raised our outlook to positive on our BBB rating. We are increasing our 2013 normalized FFO per diluted share guidance to $4.06 to $4.10 from $3.99 to $4.07. The midpoint increase is to $4.08 from $4.03. The midpoint results and growth of 7.4% and normalized FFO per share. We have included the impact of closed acquisitions and approximately $400 million in additional acquisitions that are currently under contract. The guidance does not include the impact of additional capital transactions or unannounced acquisitions. Operator, if you would, please open the call to questions.
Richard A. Schweinhart: And there's another dimension to that as well whether it's a nursing home or a hospital, obviously, the hospitals have much higher revenues and lower percentage overhead.
Richard A. Schweinhart: No, I think if you look at the guidance that we've provided of $430 million to $440 million there were some very basic assumptions built into it that we talked about when we announced the guidance. And so at that time, we said average occupancy would be up about 200 basis points across the year. Average rate would be up around 3% and the average margin would be up about 30 basis points. And through the first half, we've tracked that pretty closely and so we would expect that, that will continue through the second half and we're very comfortable with the guidance range that we've provided on the base portfolio.
Richard A. Schweinhart: So yes, the decline in occupancy in the portfolio of 10 basis points is consistent with historical seasonal patterns and also what we saw in the broader NIC industry data. So what typically happens is occupancy declines through the first quarter due to the flu season and coming out of the holidays and kind of runs -- reaches its bottom around the April, early May time frame and starts to grow, heading into the third quarter. And we've seen that pattern repeat in our portfolio this year. Last year we bucked the trend a little bit, and we talked about that in the second quarter of last year but this year we're following normal seasonal patterns.
Richard A. Schweinhart: Yes, so Tayo, I think the -- on the year-over-year occupancy laws, those are just forecasted and budgeted move-outs. It's really sort of a timing of when leases will move back in or new leases will move back in. And same thing, I think, with the results. I think you really -- with the medical office in the timing of expenses and the recoveries, you're going to get some variability between the quarters. I think that's just what you saw between the first and the second quarter and that's, quite frankly, why I wanted to make sure people understood in my comments in the first half that same-store cash NOI was up 2.6% but in the quarter, it was at 1.4%, so you can get a sense for some of that variability.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think our pipeline continues to be very strong and we're seeing a good volume of different kinds of transactions across the spectrum of assets and that really has not changed, given the fed's commentary. And so that's very positive, and I think as Ray mentioned, we have some great development, redevelopment opportunities with our existing operating partners, and we are continuing to see some deal flow from the 100-plus tenant/operators that we have in our portfolio. And then of course, we're seeing a lot of investment opportunities really from third parties in the market.
Debra A. Cafaro: With the second -- yes, the second quarter was towards the end and in the ones under contract will be for the end of the third.
Debra A. Cafaro: That's a great question. So of our acquisitions in the second quarter, upon closing of the high-quality senior housing assets that are all private pay and in Atria's footprint, we have been transitioning operations of those assets to Atria at the closing. And as we talked about before, Atria is one of the premier senior living providers in the United States with the ability to scale and a really great platform. And so we believe they will continue to grow and will be one of the potential consolidators in the industry.
Debra A. Cafaro: It's both. We are going out and finding acquisition opportunities that we think would be a value added for Ventas. And where we think Atria would be a great operator and they of course, have their own network that would identify opportunities as well.
Debra A. Cafaro: In the acquisitions under contract right now, they're straight down the fairway consistent with our strategy kind of private pay high-quality senior housing and MOBs. But in the pipeline, generally, it would be across the spectrum of healthcare and senior housing assets.
Debra A. Cafaro: In general, it -- again, it depends on -- that's an imputed number and so we produce kind of the cash flow number, which is the EBITDARM number. And as you look at repositioning of portfolio or transitioning it, what you really have to think about is, what is the incremental or marginal cost of a provider to take on those assets. So that maybe as low as 1% or 2%. If you want to use a 5% or 4% management fee, that would get you your 40 to 50 basis points.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, more than that, I would say, but just -- again, the New York Metropolitan area was probably about a 1/4 and construction area is very low as a percentage of inventory. I think that was really the point, there are other markets where we feel very protected because of the infill locations, barrier to entry and the cost to entitle and construct. So we do think we have a really high-quality portfolio that has some good characteristics. And I would also just summarize by saying that occupancy in senior housing is expected to continue to rise into 2014 because of the growth in the seniors population among other things, but absorption -- net absorption is expected to continue to be positive.
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that our strategy has been very consistent, and that -- in that we have really been able to create a lot of value for shareholders by investing over the past couple of years in highly accretive, high-quality assets and we expect that we can continue to do that and will. I would say that as far as the redevelopment and development pipeline that, as we've grown, as Ray said, we have more assets that create good risk-adjusted return opportunities, and that pipeline was getting smaller as we had completed projects and brought them online and so now, we're sort of just refilling that pipeline. And it should, as he said, be sort of a consistent part of our business. So I would say, again, very consistent and we should be able to deploy capital in those investments as well as in redevelopment as part of our capital deployment strategy to create value.
Debra A. Cafaro: No. No, those are all 90-plus percent occupied type assets in some locations and they're kind of plug-and-play.
Debra A. Cafaro: I would say that the deal flow, as we've said, has been very significant and very consistent. I would say that across real estate, generally, there hasn't been a significant movement in cap rates since the interest rates have been rising. I would say that if there is more of a move over time, you would expect cap rates to adjust accordingly. So the spread in the -- between cap rates and the risk-free rate has narrowed a little bit in real estate generally. But that's narrowing from kind of all-time highs that we saw in '11. So I think it's a pretty normal environment and one in which we feel confident we can continue to make money for investors.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I think we've been, again, very consistent about our balance sheet strategy. I think we have been able to grow FFO per share at 10% compounded rates for a long period of time. And we've been able to do that with really strong balance sheet, lot of financial strength and flexibility. And so we would expect to, obviously, react to external conditions but we will maintain good financial strength and flexibility. So we can do both.
Debra A. Cafaro: Of course, we have limited ability to get good data that until the end of the quarter, 45 days really after the end of the quarter.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we've talked about that before and I think it's quite contrary to your hypothesis. I would tell you that the reason that we're doing it is, typically, when we've already raised the capital to do something, which we prefunded as I mentioned we raised to 7 60 in debt at 3.6% in the first quarter for 15 years, it becomes mathematically misleading almost to say, well, we've kind of raised the money and we're going to let it sit there because it artificially -- as you saw this quarter, it temporarily and artificially kind of diminishes earnings. So that seems like it doesn't do justice to the investors to put in one side of it and kind of not the other side of it when we have good visibility to the other side of it. And so it's not an expectation that the acquisitions are under contract. So it really is, we prefunded some things, we have the capital, when you really look at giving people some real visibility into our expectations, that seems to be the best way to do it. We do feel good about portfolio performance as well, which is as I mentioned, another reason to increase the guidance.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, if you look at kind of vertically and horizontally, I would say that the deal size varies from a single asset to kind of very, very large and the asset types if you go across are more multiple asset types in senior housing and healthcare. So continues to be a very wide spectrum.
Debra A. Cafaro: I would repeat what we always say, which is that it is absolutely impossible to predict, with any kind of accuracy, the timing or volume of investments. Everything is in its own due time for a whole host of different reasons and so no, I'm not -- I think it's very consistent with what we think.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I mean, we typically predict kind of a plus or minus 1% to 2% in any given year. We are hearing that some states are having some significant increases, actually, although in general, we tend to keep it -- our projections for Medicaid, as I said, in the plus or minus 1% to 2% range on average, as you look across all the different states.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, we did talk about hospitals last quarter, and I mentioned that over time, big picture long-term secular trends. We really do believe that real estate assets will flow to the most efficient owners. And that you are seeing a lot of consolidation in change in the hospital business and that, that may create opportunities to commit capital. I would say that we are very well- positioned with Todd's business. He has been serving high-quality healthcare systems for 25 years and we have a lot of expertise within the firm that we would consider a capital allocation to the hospital business with the right partner, right pricing and structure. And it may never come to pass, but it is a sector that I think is large and interesting as you look at health care and health care reform going forward.
Debra A. Cafaro: Ray is going to answer, but I would say that again we provided a range 4 30 to 4 40 where we're right on track with our expectations and we do believe the portfolio isn't and will continue to perform well.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, the line of credit is down in the $200 million to $300 million range. We haven't factored, as Rick said, any capital raises into our second half guidance, there were sales in at the end of the second quarter that our dilutive relative to the second half, the $160 million that we mentioned and then we have, of course, factored that into account.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, within senior housing, again, the distinction that we would make is that in our senior housing operating portfolio with Atria and Sunrise, we are seeing high-single digits growth rate pretty consistently, and those are the best assets in the best markets. And so that has really been a market-leading portfolio, I would say, consistently outperforming industry statistics. And so that high-end of performance really has continued.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think you can expect it to be around that range at least in the near term as, again, health care reform a lot of the post-acute really comes from hospitals and so you have to look at hospital volumes and you also have to look at the fact that the providers are increasingly shortening length of stay and so that has an industry-wide effect on occupancy level. So I think you should expect it around here.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. It's -- they're all equity investments and I would say that other than maybe $100 million, it's private pay senior housing.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you, Jillian, and I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. As always, we really appreciate your interest in the company and your support of Ventas. We hope everybody have a great rest of the summer and look forward to seeing you again soon. Thank you.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean, where we can find the assets that's still our strategy of being the best assets in the best markets. The opportunity to put those in with Atria is one of the values of our relationship with them. So we really want to capitalize on that.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, so as you know, the redevelopment pipeline targets assets in our portfolio where we can add additional value by adding programming such as memory care or upgrading the facilities to drive rate. And so far, with the projects that we've completed and that have stabilized, we're achieving the 11% returns that I referenced in the opening comments. I would say the pipeline is very consistent with the projects that we've done, historically. And so we would hope that they would achieve similar types of returns as we implement and stabilize those.
Raymond J. Lewis: So yes, Jeff, I mean, it is something, obviously, that we watch as NIC announced their data. I'd make a couple of comments. One is I think the NIC data is informative, but it lacks texture, in that it really talked about absolute units under construction, and it's really important to put those into perspective by market as a percentage of the inventory and also consider what the occupancy in those markets are and what the growth rate of the seniors population and adult child population target market is within those MSAs. But sort of setting that aside, we've gone back obviously, looked at our portfolio to understand what's going on in each of our markets and as a general statement, our assets are in highly varied entry infill locations within their markets. When you look at our portfolio about a 1/4 of our NOI comes from the New York, I'm not talking about the shop portfolio, about a 1/4 of our NOI comes from New York Metropolitan statistical area where construction as a percentage of inventory is about 2.3%. So very modest construction. And then when we look at the rest of our portfolio, there's no other MSA that accounts for more than 5% of our total portfolio NOI. So we're very diversified across the markets. But as we look forward on the growth, I would say it's pretty consistent in that 4% to 5% range long-term growth rates, and near term, we see a pretty consistent with what we've been reporting.
Raymond J. Lewis: That's in addition to. We're constantly looking at our portfolio to identify opportunities, and one of the benefits of having over 1,400 properties is that there's a lot of good opportunities like that in the portfolio.
Raymond J. Lewis: We're not really targeting a maximum amount or a minimum amount. I mean, I think our goal is to try to find the projects that generate the attractive returns and to phase them in and have a consistent flow of transactions. That's not so, Jeff, you shouldn't look at our $200 million pipeline and say we'll do all $200 million of that. Will pick the ones that we think make the most sense and then we'll probably find some others in our portfolio over time that will add to the pipeline.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, it's about 2.3%. I think in total, there's about 570 units under construction in the New York MSA.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I only can speak to the seniors housing space, Rich, and we're very comfortable with that level of construction.
Raymond J. Lewis: So I will say we're happy with how it went. We transitioned all the assets at the same rent levels. So we -- through that process developed a playbook that will serve as a guide for this releasing process. Every single one of these things is going to be different, obviously, but we learned a lot in the last go-around and one of the things, I think, Rich, that we learned is it's really important to get in front of the regulators as quickly as possible. There are things in the process that are outside your control, so speed, focus and getting in front of the third parties is a critical success factor. And so we'll build on what we learned in the last go-around and we've got a good playbook for the 2015.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, yes, pretty much what Debbie said, I think the only other thing I would add to that is that as I mentioned we've seen occupancy follow normal historical seasonal patterns and trending upwards heading into the third quarter. So...
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I mean, expenses will pick up in the third and fourth quarter. Third quarter is particularly heavy on utilities because of the air-conditioning and also vacations in the third.
Raymond J. Lewis: Not ours, unfortunately, but so, yes, I think that's right, look, we're comfortable with what we've provided in guidance so...
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, I think that's right. Again, as I said, all of the projections or assumptions that we based our guidance projections on are tracking right in line with our performance through the first half of the year.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, and Michael, just to add on to that, I think where we have the assets in our triple-net lease portfolio, the growth rate has been less but the performance has been very stable.
Raymond J. Lewis: And as expected. So I think it's fair to say that our seniors housing operating assets grow at a better rate by virtue of the quality of the buildings.
Raymond J. Lewis: No, not particularly. Just to remind everybody, I mean, the triple net portfolios are typically full of multi-facility master leases that will have additional structural on credit support through guarantees of security deposits, et cetera. When we look at the construction across the country, we have a highly diversified portfolio there. We don't really see any major flashpoints in construction against our triple net portfolio. There are some smaller markets out there where you would look at it and say, wow, there is 20% construction as a percentage of inventory and then when you actually dig into the numbers, you realize that it's one building that's being built and there's just not a lot of inventory in the market. Occupancy is 90%. So I think it's really important to again do the analysis that gets a little more texture around the construction data.
Raymond J. Lewis: One other thing within our portfolio is, we dropped off the first quarter at '12 from our trailing '12 statistics, which was probably Kindred's best quarter of recent memory. So...
