Debra Cafaro: Thanks, Rick. Before we go to Q&A, a couple of things. One is a clarification on one thing that Rick said. It was net cash provided by operating activities from the statement of cash flows increased 87% to $245 million in the first quarter from $131 million last year. And then the second thing is I do want to add a comment on our 2013 Kindred renewal, as I know many of you have some questions about that. So as expected, Kindred has now renewed officially 3 renewal groups of the 2013 renewal assets for a total of 25 assets and $46 million of the annual current rent. So we expect to re-lease the other 64 assets comprising $77 million of annual rent, or about 5% of our NOI. We have gotten over 100 unsolicited inbound calls from companies expressing interest in these properties. And we have developed a comprehensive plan for re-leasing, and we expect to launch that process in the second quarter. So just a reminder, these 64 licensed health care assets are profitable. We believe that current rent on them is about market. And we're very confident that the assets will be attractive to a wide variety of quality health care providers and look forward to executing on the leasing plan and bringing you all up to date in the coming month.  So, operator, we'll be happy to open the floor to our investors' and analysts' questions. 
Debra Cafaro: Quentin, we're very focused on maximizing the value of these assets. And while we would consider potentially selected sales, our real focus is on re-leasing the assets to qualified health care providers. And that's the path that we're going down. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, what we believe is it's all about balance and diversification, and we think that skilled nursing assets have an important place in the health care delivery system. And so we believe in the asset class. I will tell you that now that we have over 1,400 assets, I think we will be more active capital recyclers and more rigorous in our kind of disposition, strategy and methodology. But overall, I think that it's all about balance in the portfolio. And skilled nursing assets are an important part of this health care delivery system to seniors, and so we're not contemplating sort of a wholesale exit from the business. And just to repeat, I mean, we do intend to go down the path of re-leasing these 64 assets. 
Debra Cafaro: Actually, those go through 2015, just to be clear. And look, I think that we'll be happy to address that once we re-lease the 64, and happy to do that. I think right now, we're focused on having an excellent execution around our re-leasing projects. And these are good assets, and they're profitable. And we look forward to a good outcome. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Well, certainly the focus of our investment activities has been on the private pay side, and that's been, as Ray pointed out, really great for our company. I think you're discussing, really, the CMS preliminary rule that came out regarding long-term acute care hospitals earlier this week, and that was a rule that had an uptick in spending for 2013 of about 1.9%. And that proposed rule's subject to a 60-day comment period and was at the more positive end of our expectations for the 2013 Medicare reimbursement for LTACs. And we were particularly pleased that CMS really endorsed the LTAC model in its proposed rule. And the rule may stay as it is or even get a little bit better in its final form. But it, again, it certainly is a positive development for our LTACs in general and for the re-leasing project. 
Debra Cafaro: Bryan, you've got to come over to the private pay, high-end senior living nomenclature here. Those are communities. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. One, which is why we don't predict it. But one of the things that I'm really loving is that, and we talked about this as we were getting ready for this call, is we have sort of this great group of people now in the investments who are at Lillibridge, who are from NHP, who are from Ventas, and new and old. And that is giving us a lot of channels for growth. And we intend to take advantage of that appropriately. And I think, as Ray said, we're seeing some good opportunities from that. But that blending of those channels is something that I think is a real positive of where Ventas stands right now. 
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Let's get metaphysical. Look, I think they're at market. I think we said in our original release on this that people should run sensitivities, but if you were up or down 10%, it's about $0.03 of earnings. That is not defining "about," but it's just a mathematical sort of quantification of the magnitude of an outcome. But we – the assets are profitable, and we think the rents are at market, and there's a lot of cash flow here that we have to work with to go re-lease the assets to operators who are in those markets. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, the good news is that Kindred has spent -- kept these assets very much in good condition and has upgraded many of them. So they're very good assets. And in terms of different operators spend different amounts on CapEx, really, so a nursing home might be $500 a bed, an LTAC might be $1,000 to $2,500 a bed, something like that. 
Debra Cafaro: So they're obviously both high-end major markets, great physical plan. And that's what they have in common, and that's why we have them in the -- under the management contracts, because they have higher growth potential. I think, again, one benefit of our expanded portfolio really is that we have a ton of data on the MOB business and on the senior living business across the country in various markets. And where we want to go is really the way the apartment guys have gone, which is to really use this data and -- for the benefit of our company and figure out, before other people do, where trends are going and things like that. And that's not really limited just to -- and that will help us in our acquisition efforts and our asset-management efforts. So I think that's something that really is a tremendous benefit to the platform that we've built. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean, again, I think Kindred is -- Kindred has articulated that these are good assets. They just -- Kindred is really tacking off onto a slightly different strategy. But the fact that we've had 100 inbound, unsolicited inquiries about this portfolio says to me that operators out there are hungry to grow their EBITDAR and their cash flows, and we have good assets in EBITDAR and cash flows to transact with them. And so that's really the takeaway that I have, which is a very positive one. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean, I do think and have said across all, really, health care and senior housing that we do expect to see continued consolidation over time. And we hope to have opportunities to participate in that as the capital provider, which is obviously right down the stairway of what we do. 
Debra Cafaro: We like making money. Even if it's -- we like good risk-adjusted returns, even if it's on a single building. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. We're going to -- yes. We have a great balance sheet and what I mean by that is we're going to continue to drive down cost of debt. We're going to continue to try to obviously enhance liquidity, stagger debt maturities, push out average weighted maturity levels and cap different markets opportunistically. And that will help us continue to grow and make money for shareholders. But the other thing, I think, is that given our credit statistics and our performance and the performance of our assets, I think we should continue to move up the credit curve, and we'll continue working on that as well. 
Debra Cafaro: I think the restraining order is still valid. Yes, we talk to them all the time. And the progress that we've made on the integrations is obviously important to them. And the -- our reported results, obviously, and our credit stats and our diversification are all tremendous positive. 
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So, look, it depends, first of all, obviously, what the Supreme Court does and then, of course, what legislative reaction there is to what the Supreme Court does. The impacts of Health Care Reform really have the most to do, I would say, with managed-care and hospitals, because the principal aspects having to do with the individual mandates so that there is a bigger pool of people within the health care insurance sector and then the requirement that the insurers actually ensure pre-existing conditions, for example. Those obviously have a big impact on managed care. And on the hospital side, obviously the hospitals gave up some market basket increases over 10 years to pay for the fact that there's going to be greater volume and less bad debt because everyone will be covered. And so those sectors really have the most -- the Health Care Reform Bill, up or down, has the most impact on those 2 sectors. SNF paid for some of the reforms that really aren't getting as many of the benefits as hospitals are because they don't have an emergency room. So they might be net winners. But the real answer is it's highly speculative. It depends what the Supreme Court does. I would guess that if the bill is struck down in whole or in part, there will be a legislative reaction, which I cannot predict. And so it's hard to speculate, really, on the ultimate outcome or impact. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, some of the -- again, some of the pay-fors are very related to the bill, but I don't know the answer to that question. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say that cap rates for skilled nursing probably hit their -- I don't if you want to call it the peak or nadir, but the lowest cap rate and the highest valuation maybe last year before the 11% reimbursement changes. And so they're probably, depending on quality and operator structure and so on, they're probably gapped out from that point. But it really all depends on some qualitative factors. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. One thing that's interesting is that, and I've done a lot of work on this, is that as -- the capital markets, as you know, are 12 to 24 months ahead of actual property level kinds of response in many cases. And so what we've seen in the past with pricing is that even as interest rates go up, sometimes you have this lagging effect where cap rates continue to fall and even invert for a period of time. So I can tell you, as rates were rising up there for a while and now they've fallen back again, we did not see really any immediate change in property level pricing. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And this is very consistent with the past. In transactions like the ones we've done with Kindred and Brookdale, there is commonly a lease termination fee in connection with a termination of the lease. And so that's in the first quarter. 
Debra Cafaro: We -- look, I've given up prognosticating about interest rates, and some of the -- and we've talked about this. Some of the smartest people I know said 5 years ago rates could never go lower, and they've progressively gone lower and lower. So again, we're just trying to stagger maturity schedule, make sure we're pre-funding ourselves so that we don't get caught in a market disruption if Europe or anything else happens, intelligently redeploying the proceeds, hopefully intelligently, and continuing to lengthen, on average, our maturity schedule. But don't go whole hog one way or another. Just continue to average in, hopefully at progressively lower rates if we can and so that any 1 year doesn't cause a material change one way or another in our income statement or cash flows. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean, we're happy to report that in May we will have our last high-yield bond gone away. So that's really good. And then we have mortgage debt that is coming due going forward. And, hopefully, we'll refinance that, both on an unsecured basis, at least in part, and at lower rates. 
Debra Cafaro: It will -- remember, yes, I mean, it will on a cash basis. Again, it may not to the extent that it was assumed debt that was -- that – where the income statement books interest expense potentially at a below cash level. So it would be cash positive, and depending on what we were pre-paying, it could be income statements the other way. So we'll talk -- we can talk about the details of that with you. 
Debra Cafaro: Let's talk about that, because that's a great question. We want to have a balanced, diversified portfolio. That's what we've been working towards for a dozen or more years. We want to have a balanced and diversified by tenant operator, by asset type, by business model so that again, we have this 26% of higher-growth senior housing operating and that's broken down further by Sunrise and Kindred -- Sunrise and Atria as operators. So it is relevant that Sunrise is half of that, let's call it, 26%, and Atria is the other half. And we do look at that. But I would say again to everyone, those -- that portion of our portfolio is really like senior apartments. It is really -- we are renting to the grandmothers and grandfathers who are in those units, and we are directly getting the cash flows from those assets just like multifamily, and then we are paying the manager a management fee. And so there is no – and what's different about that from the triple-net portfolio is there is really no credit aspect to the relationship. It is a diversified, very granular, very reliable like multifamily set of cash flows because Mrs. McGillicutty is going down and paying her rent every month. And there is virtually no bad debt in that portfolio. And so we think about it. It is relevant, how -- what that slice of the pie is with Sunrise. But it is very different. We view it as very different and much more like multifamily. And in that way, lower, more reliable, if you will, because there's no credit exposure. So hopefully, that's a -- it's a complicated answer, but hopefully it answers your question. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, one of the interesting things about health care and senior housing is that, that's where there is demand. That is demographically under -- you have demographic underpinnings or tailwinds. And so people want to go where the demand as, and it's much more so than in many other segments of real estate. So we have some great MOB developments under way. One is with AA rated, totally pre-leased with Sutter Health and Northern California at about an 8% unlevered return. And I'll let Todd or Ray talk further about the competitive environment. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, it has been evolving over time, as you know, from more of a long-term custodial model to a higher-acuity, rehab, shorter of length-of-stay kind of business. And a lot of the nursing homes that we have, obviously, are in that niche, and that may continue as there's post-acute bundling and so on and integration of post-acute care. So, yes, I would say that, that's a trend that is continuing. And one thing about health care is it's always changing. And the services -- the good operators are able to change their health care delivery as the environment is changing. So that is true, and I think that will continue. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, I mean, obviously, if the health care delivery system is asking to have patients go and be treated in the lowest cost, most clinically appropriate setting, it certainly could be positive for the skilled nursing business. And this is all long-term secular trends that will continue to evolve. So everyone, thank you so much for joining our call, for your interest in Ventas. We very much appreciate it, and we look forward to seeing our investors here in Chicago at the Green Street Conference and then again at NAREIT in June. So thanks to everyone. 
Raymond Lewis: Well, there's a couple of things there. We had significant occupancy gains and also rate gains, as you point out. And then with respect to the expenses, we did have some seasonally lower expenses in the portfolio, as I mentioned in my comments. In particular, utilities were about 12% less year-over-year given the moderate winter that we had. And then repairs and maintenance were similarly about 9% less year-over-year. And those 2 things, I don't expect to continue for the balance of the year, Bryan. But those were seasonably unusually low. 
Raymond Lewis: Certainly, Sunrise has been performing very well in our portfolio. And these assets have some additional upside. A couple of them were more recently opened or are still undergoing their lease-ups. So there's some additional occupancy room to run in these portfolios. I think they compare very favorably on the benchmarking against our existing portfolio. So we do think there is some good growth embedded in these assets, but it's primarily by virtue of the fact that there's still a little headroom on the occupancy. 
Raymond Lewis: I mean, before management fee, yes, the margins were up about 260 basis points year-over-year in the Sunrise portfolio. So I mean, that gives you sort of the order of magnitude of some of the expense controls. Now there's obviously a little revenue in there, because you're getting some leverage off of your labor, some margin off of your labor. But it was a moderate quarter expense-wise. 
Raymond Lewis: I mean, I think it's probably in that 32% range, sort of where it's run historically. But we'll see. 
Raymond Lewis: Well, the margin before the management fee, yes, is around the 32% range. It might run a little lower after management fee. 
Raymond Lewis: Well, my Chief Investment Officer is reminding me that we did $1.1 billion of other stuff at the same time, Bryan? So, look, we're seeing a good deal flow from our regional originations network and from our existing relationships. The $56 million that we did in the first quarter is really just the way that the timing has come in. We're going to continue to work on a lot of stuff. The pipeline is active. As I said in my comments, I mean, I still think we can do some good business this year. So -- but it's a lumpy. And... 
Raymond Lewis: Yes. Jeff, I think what we're seeing right now is that there is a modest amount of senior housing development going on. Construction starts are still generally less than 1% of existing stock. There are very limited construction financing options for people who want to develop right now. So we do get the opportunity from time to time to look at some pretty attractive development opportunities. I would put these Kelsh [ph] investments in that category. So we are doing a handful of these things, but I don't think it will become a significant part of our investment volume. 
Raymond Lewis: No. I mean, I think, like I said, we're seeing a handful of things that come across the desk, some attractive opportunities. The data still indicates that development activity is very modest. 
Raymond Lewis: It's hard to get financing. Many of the large companies disbanded their development departments, and so there's really not a lot of capacity for development right now. Now, we watch that very closely, and as the strong fundamentals of our sector continue to play out, perhaps there will be more folks that look to build new buildings to take advantage of that. But we're not seeing that right now. 
Raymond Lewis: So, Ross, this is a question we get fairly regularly, and our answer remains the same, which is, we like this space, we think it belongs in the health care REIT portfolio. It's a specialized segment that requires specialized expertise. So it's not something we would dabble in. But if and when we found the right opportunity to either partner with or acquire an experienced operator to get into the space, that would be interesting to us. But when that might happen or how that might come about is hard to predict or pin down. 
Raymond Lewis: So with respect to differences in operating models, the Sunrise is a very high-acuity, primarily assisted living and Alzheimer's model that's focused on the most need-driven population. And they really, really focus on providing that high quality of care and enabling the resident to basically live out the rest of their lives to the extent medically possible in their buildings. And that's sort of always been their business model, and that's really what they distinguish themselves and are best at in the markets that they serve. The Atria model is a little bit different. It's an independent and assisted-living model, some life guidance or Alzheimer's care, but it's a lower-acuity model. It's much more marketing driven. It's much more lifestyle driven. Bigger apartments. It's serving a bit of a different population. And I think they do an excellent job at serving their target market as well. So, in some respects, adjacent business models with some overlap but not purely overlapping. 
Raymond Lewis: Well, yes. I mean, a couple of things in that question. I mean, one is, there's -- it's a trillion-dollar industry, health care real estate is, of which the REITs own maybe 8% or so. So I mean, it's still a highly fragmented industry. There's still plenty of opportunities to acquire things. There are still plenty of good assets out there to be acquired. And so that is pretty interesting and pretty attractive to us. I think one of the opportunities that's embedded in the question as well, Dan, is the opportunity to provide dollars like we have in our Atria portfolio to redevelop high-quality assets in high-quality locations to either add additional programming or upgrade common areas to drive rates, those sorts of things. And we're seeing that in our Atria portfolio. I know a number of other operators are doing that right now, expanding existing buildings to add incremental units. Those are very safe investments that can drive pretty attractive returns. And that's something that we think, with 1,400 properties in our portfolio, is a huge, huge opportunity for us that we're working on. 
Raymond Lewis: Absolutely. And likewise, we're poring through our portfolio and saying who should we be calling to say, "Are you interested in redeveloping?" So the communications are going both ways. 
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I mean, I think the occupancies are fairly flat. They're holding in there. So that's encouraging. 
Raymond Lewis: Well, the annual increases take effect typically in January. So in a month, you're not going to see a big move in rents other than January. So again, I would say flat. 
Raymond Lewis: And the way that I look at it, Tayo, is we're a quarter into this thing. Things ebb and flow in this business, and we hope that we continue to be doing very well in this portfolio, but we're a quarter into it. 
Raymond Lewis: No, Todd. We really haven't. I think our pipeline is fairly brisk in the medical office building space. I think the – and, in fact, leasing activity is picking up a little bit. I think people are sort of adjusting to the new normal of having a little bit more uncertainty in the world and trying to proceed with their businesses. So I think perhaps maybe a year ago it was more of a wet blanket than it is now. 
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I mean, I think the stabilized rate is probably in that 90% to 91% range. That's really what we're sort of looking at. We have had some good success with rental rates, as you point out. We did have some scheduled move-outs in the first quarter that brought our occupancy down slightly. And so we expect to recover some of that as the year plays out. 
Raymond Lewis: Yes. Conor, I think it's really important to note that the request for proposal process and the decision-making process of the hospitals in the MOB space is a little bit different. And they are very concerned because this is their campus. This is their franchise. But they're doing business with people who are experienced, reputable and that they can trust, and so -- and who've done it before. And so our Lillibridge business has among if not the best reputation in this space for being a good partner for the health systems. And that's a real advantage for us when we go in and sit down with hospitals and talk about building them a new building. So it's not something -- there are high barriers to entry from a relationship standpoint in this marketplace, and that's something that people can just sort of jump into as an opportunity set. And that's, quite frankly, one of the reasons why it took us as long as it did to get into the medical office building space, was because you do have to have that credibility. You do have to have that reputation if you wanted to do business with the best hospitals like we do. 
Raymond Lewis: Sure. I mean, Philip, price wins, okay? I mean, let's just be -- this is -- at the end of the day, you have to have the best price. But if the margin, your reputation, your ability to be a good partner, particularly when you're talking about some of the seniors housing sale leaseback or operating asset transactions, that can help you win a deal when you've got a strong price on the table. And that's what we focus on. We have people that come to us and say we want to do business with you because of your reputation, your capabilities. You can be a great partner for us going forward. But we still have to match the price. 
Dan Bernstein: And then also, I want to turn to the transaction side of the business. And there's nothing wrong with doing smaller transactions, but everybody seems to want the large cap REITs to do these big mega transactions. 
Dan Bernstein: I agree. I agree. But with some of the lack of construction that we're seeing in the MOBs and seniors housing, do you think there is -- is that going to impede the REIT's ability to make some larger acquisitions in the next couple of years and maybe look more towards the assets that are already at the public REIT -- other public REITs or public operators? Because a lot of the stock out there is from the '90s and built in '05, '08, even some of the stuff like you just bought with Sunrise. That's all I'm alluding to. 
Dan Bernstein: And I just wanted to go back to, Debbie, your comment right at the beginning of the call, where you're going to go ahead and continue to make progress, I guess, on the balance sheet. Can you define what that progress would be? I mean, you already have a fairly good balance sheet. 
Michael Bilerman: Yes. Debbie, I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the bond activity that you did and just I guess how you're thinking about things. And I know you try to be balanced in everything you do, but it just strikes me in terms of issuing the debt, which you got very favorable rates down in the 4s and then tendering for the '16 and '17 maturities using about $460 million of proceeds, which includes your $40 million of make-whole. You're saving about, let's call it, $10 million a year, right, by doing that, but you pay $40 million, right? So you're effectively just bringing all the... 
Michael Bilerman: And is there anything that, as you look at the maturity schedule today, that we should be mindful of trying to pull forward even further? I mean, the bottom -- what you're doing is obviously accretive on an FFO basis by $0.03 or $0.04 a year just by doing what you did. 
Michael Bilerman: Is there anything that you can pre-pay it today? I mean, as you think about your '13 maturities, you got 500 of... 
Michael Bilerman: Right. But as you think -- as you think towards 2013 where you've got $1 billion debt coming due in the 5.5% blended split between unsecured and secured, the likelihood is that's going to have a materially lower rate than 5.5%, if you think about it. 
