Debra Cafaro: I would say that it's our view that this business that we do, that's follow on business with existing customers will certainly continue, but the timing and volume of acquisition activity will always be lumpy and difficult to predict. So we are trying to give you some great color on our year-to-date acquisitions, which again were 85% new business with our existing customers.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say that it could be very end of this year, early next year, and we're looking at 200 plus or minus. And in terms of '15, we are working on that and are likely to provide some additional guidance on volume and yield, when we have to about 2015 projections. So I do think we have some opportunities in the market that will be attractive for us to dispose of some additional assets in 2015.
Debra Cafaro: Well, one thing I would like to say is that we feel really good about the -- almost $4.5 billion that we are closing and underwrote this year between HCT, our Holiday deal and our other transactions that we described. I think the one thing that we some times see earlier than the analysts and the investors is where pricing is going, because we do see such a large volume of transactions. So I would say that healthcare assets continue to be attractive, because of their demand characteristics and so on. And the cap rates continue to be kind of in and around the 6% to 7% range, but can go lower based on specific characteristics of a given transaction. I mean as you mentioned about treasuries, I mean, I did comment at your conference and I think we said again today that we tend to ascribe a little bit to the PIMCO view that we are going to see a little bit persistently lower rates, because of the global economic situation.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we are excited to see that we are expecting another $4 million of additional exchange enrollment in 2015; $2.5 million of which we expect to these previously uninsured individuals, and we do expect to see increased utilization from those trends. Actually Todd and I were talking about this as we got ready for the call, and I think we are starting to get anecdotal and more quantitative evidence of whether traffic is up in the MOBs and so on. We do expect 20% increase in outpatient business over the coming years. We also think that as hospital admissions increase from these trends, we may see a positive overflow impact into the post-acute business. And interestingly, the LTACs are starting to see some good increase in terms of a Medicaid population that they hadn't had before. So we are seeing some impacts from policy being the low cost, most clinically appropriate settings, and we expect that these numbers from the CBO and from other sources will start to translate into meaningful quantitative utilization statistics in the future.
Debra Cafaro: I mean that really ties. We're right on the same wavelength, it ties to the comment I made earlier. Remember, they are still is expected to be positive absorption in senior housing in 2015. I would say that -- we've talked about before, one way that we make money for investors, obviously is to try to invest in the right segments at the right time. And so trying to make early cycle investments like we did in Atria, like we did in Lillibridge, where we saw the opportunity for cap rate compression and/or NOI increases, and that's how you obviously grow value for investors. And so really coupling the idea of portfolio optimization where you maybe pruning selectively and then redeploying that capital into earlier stage investments is very much top of mind, as we think about the go forward.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. That's just a non-cash charge that relates to movements and swaps and things like that. It's not a cash item.
Debra Cafaro: I think with respect to the MOB portfolio, we are in that $200 million plus or minus range. And then in terms of 2015, again, we'll provide additional detail on that going forward.
Debra Cafaro: Right. Well, that's what we're evaluating now for 2015. And I would guess, it could be 250-ish to 750-ish, but really we haven't settled in on a specific plan and we'll be happy to provide more detail on that as we do.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we are aspirational as you know and always set the bar high at Ventas in terms of our wanting to be excellent and continuing to provide our investors with good growth and good channels for continued growth. So part of that has been the evolution of our thought process around international investing, which as you know Simon has done, and many of the other REITs have pursued successfully. I would say that our brand, the Ventas brand is a business-to-business brand; and when we think about it as a leading global brand, we think about it in terms of what investors, capital sources to Ventas think about us, so our equity investors, our fixed income invertors, et cetera. And then what our customers and potential customers think about Ventas as a partner and capital provider. So that is the brand, not a consumer-type brand, but one that is recognized and respected by our business-to-business peers. And we also do that by obviously building the brands of our operating partners like Lillibridge and Atria. So on the focus question of international, we do have a fairly refined sense of the types of jurisdictions that we would consider investing in. They have to have the right demographics. They have to have the right -- if it's a reimbursement-type asset, they have to have the right policy supports for funding of those assets, including cultural support. And we obviously care about political risk and obviously the efficiency of the capital markets in those jurisdictions. So those are some of the things that we look at. And when you go through our criteria set, you end up with a handful or so of potential jurisdictions, where we would consider committing capital.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I still go back to the fact that we have a $1 trillion healthcare market here in the U.S. that is really fragmented and dynamic. And I believe that the majority, we might even say the lion's share of our investment activity will likely continue to be in the U.S., and we have lots of opportunities here. So unlike some of the other sectors that are very concentrated here, we don't need to go abroad. It's more of an evolution, a natural evolution of our continued growth and diversification and continued efforts, as I said, to provide long-term growth.
Debra Cafaro: I would say that we are very creative and experienced in terms of deal structuring, and we would be open to good opportunities. The one thing I do think is very interesting about Ventas and the healthcare REIT model is, typically, when U.S. REITs go abroad to operate, people talk about, well, don't you need a local partner, right. That's a very common reframe when you go abroad. Well, healthcare REITs like Ventas are always working with a local partner. So it's a very natural way I think for us. For example, with Spire, they are our local partner and our local operator, and that's a very consistent structure to what we're used to in our business model. But yes, we would consider equity investments and other type investments in entities in a way that Simon did with Klépierre, should they feel like they're attractive investment opportunities.
Debra Cafaro: We started to get a little visibility into their shareholder base, and I do believe that the shareholders will approve the transaction. I have every expectation of that. I would say that this is a little bit different from some of the other private REIT transactions, in terms of post closing sales dynamics, and what I mean by that is this was already a public company, and I think the patterns will tend to follow more along the normal kind of M&A arb type lines, then they will be more private REIT be getting liquidity type lines. And so we expect a pretty conventional public-to-public M&A pattern. And I think we should potentially get some lift from the closing of the transaction, because we should get reweighted in the indices upon issuance of the 1.8 billion to 2 billion shares to the HCT shareholder base.
Debra Cafaro: Again, I think that you should assume that Ventas had seen the tremendous volume of deal activity, certainly domestically, and now I would say internationally. And I think we just feel really good about talking about the $4.5 billion of deals that we're doing.
Debra Cafaro: Tayo, I think that this is very much in line with our expectations. And when we talked in the second quarter, which was only, I don't know, two-and-a-half months ago, we talked about the seasonal patterns that that Ray is referring to.
Debra Cafaro: We acquired an asset that was through a relationship we got with NHP that is being managed by our friends at Brookdale.
Debra Cafaro: And remember, again as we said last call, these were the top performing assets, it's an irreplaceable top quality portfolio, and so it should be able to do better.
Debra Cafaro: Well, my dad was a mailman and $4.5 billion was far from modest in a year for him. So I'm feeling like we're doing a lot. So I would say in the quarter, we closed $1.1 billion and we also invested a total of $1.3 billion, including development and redevelopment. So we're feeling good about that. I think the allocation to capital to a redevelopment and development business is a good risk adjusted return that we see continued capital allocation too. And as I said, we are good investors, we're consistent investors. We've created a lot of value over a long period of time. And we think when we pick our spots, we can continue to invest accretively and strategically, and we'll continue to be smart investors.
Debra Cafaro: I want to strongly caution all of you from running with any of those numbers. What we will be happy to do is when we come to you about 2015, we'll be happy to give you some visibility into expected asset sales. I do think and we've been talking about it for some time now and we're starting to implement with the MOB sale that we talked about, a strategy to recycle capital, optimize the portfolio. And those are all positive sort of typical real estate activities. And I think we can probably provide more color on that, which we'll be happy to do in the yearend call.
Debra Cafaro: Again, we're trying to provide great visibility into property level performance. And if you look at the supplemental page, its 13 and 14, you'll see that we've presented them in both. I don't know if it's 13 and 14 or 12 and 13. But we've presented them in both, and we're talking about them in local, because it gives you that visibility into performance. And we really talked about in our guidance saying that we're assuming sort of a constant exchange rate. And so reporting in local currency is just a different way of saying the same thing.
Debra Cafaro: No. Actually, it's much better than that, because the long-term acute care hospitals and IRFs are part of the post-acute continuum. And so we have a tremendously high quality portfolio there. And so we're basically taking the whole post-acute continuum and quoting a very high attractive quality mix. So it's actually a great statistic for about 26% of our NOI. So that's a good question, thank you for asking. But we're going to have to hustle here, because there are a couple more people we want to make sure we get to, Michael.
Debra Cafaro: I think we talked about some statistics of the senior living portfolio. I mean in particular the managed portfolio, last time, there are 29 managed senior living assets and eight operators, who will be new care providers and customers for us. And they have about 94% occupancy and NOI per unit per year of about 17,000. So they are very high quality, and compare favorably with NIC and other kind of wholly private-pay portfolios that don't have skilled-nursing beds or super high acuity all timers in them.
Debra Cafaro: I mean, we really like the redevelopment, because we think its great risk-adjusted return, there're small slugs of capital with existing customers, it improves our portfolio, helps our assets win in the marketplace and our tenant operators win. But focusing on kind of ground-up development, I think we are super selective. And we have done ground-up development in Cape Cod with Atria and that's gone really well. We'll do pre-leased MOBs, and we have the in-house capability and partnership capability of doing that really better than any one. And I think if we find kind of, as I said, really compelling projects that have ground-up development and meet the characteristics that we believe are appropriate, then I think we will pull the trigger. But there is a very high bar for us for ground-up development.
Debra Cafaro: Well, some of the countries within the euro zone do meet the criteria that I outlined; really great capital markets, efficient, you can borrow very efficiently, and they do have the policy support for healthcare and favorable demographic, so some of those countries would fit within the criteria and framework that I outlined.
Debra Cafaro: I would say, last year that the third quarter was the lowest year-over-year growth, and we would expect the fourth quarter to be kind of flattish, and potentially a little bit up. Those are the patterns that we have historically followed.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you so much this morning for all your patience and your interest in the company. We really look forward to seeing you in Atlanta, and give you chance to meet our new CFO, Bob Probst, and we are very excited that the conference will come right as he begins. And since this is Rick Schweinhart's last Ventas earnings call, I want to thank him again for his tremendous leadership and partnership over the last 12 years. So with that, we'll say goodbye, and look forward to seeing everyone in Atlanta. Thank you.
Raymond Lewis: So Jack as you pointed out occupancy did improve sequentially. This is consistent with typical historical patterns. As we look back across the portfolio performance overtime, I think we've always seen in the third quarter that we get a bump. But we were also aided as you point out by Canada. I think the strategies that Sunrise has implemented as well as the new personnel that they put in place are starting to gain some traction and we're hopeful that that will continue. And then I think the last thing is that our operators are really pushing on the sales front. And we've seen the move-in trend to be pretty good relative to historical levels. And notably, the move-outs that have been higher in the first and the second quarter have abated. So I think all of that is feeding our occupancy growth rate sequentially.
Raymond Lewis: Our operators haven't pointed that out to us a driver for the move-outs. I think they're really just saying that we had an unusually high number of move-outs in the first and the second quarter, but they haven't pointed to any particular demographic driver of that age or otherwise.
Raymond Lewis: I think as we look at our SHOP growth rate, same-store stable at 4.4%, kind of in line with our 3% to 5% expectations that we've consistently articulated for that portfolio, so that's good. But you're right, I mean we consistently look at our portfolio and evaluate properties based on their performance, their forward looking environment with respect to the markets, the physical characteristics of the asset and how they line up against their competitors. And I think we're always looking for opportunities to recycle, and we may in fact do some of that overtime. So I think that's a good observation. I would say, I still think there is good upside across the portfolio generally with respect to occupancy. We have tended to outrun the NIC occupancy a little bit earlier and our rates have been higher than NIC, but I think that's reflective of the quality of our portfolio and we expect that it can continue to perform well going forward.
Raymond Lewis: Nick, that's a great observation. We noticed that as we were preparing for the call as well. We went back and looked at it. And I think there really wasn't any pattern that we could draw from it. I think there were some circumstances of isolated and episodic underperformance in some of the non-top 20 markets, but you're right. I mean, that is a pool, where if we see some patterns or trends there that emerge where we may look to dispose off some assets over time.
Raymond Lewis: No. The stable portfolio does not include the redevelopment assets. Really what's going on in the stable portfolio is normal patterns that we've seen, where the third quarter has typically grown less than other quarters in the year. And I think it was similar to last year. We just have, as I said, an extra day in the quarter, higher expenses, those sorts of things and I think we may have seen a little bit more of that on the expense side this year. So that is what I would attribute it to, Tayo.
Raymond Lewis: And then, Michael remember that the way that we hedge currency is through borrowing, and that shows up below the NOI line. So I think the best way to look at the property level performance, particularly now that we have 29 more properties in Canada, is to look at local currency. It's starting to become a bigger driver, and I think you'll get a much better picture of the true underlying performance in local currency.
Raymond Lewis: I think our view is that we're still in a very good spot in the seniors housing cycle. I think you're right to point out that we haven't seen a tremendous amount of construction relative to the inventory in place. The demand fundamentals remain very good. And so I think we still got a couple of years here of good visibility into positive net absorption in the space.
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I think as I mentioned when I answered the question, we did have a little bit more of the expenses in this year than we've seen in previous years, and so I think that's sort of a difference there.
Raymond Lewis: Certainly, as we finish our redevelopments and lease those up; we continue to work in Canada, continue to focus there to get that turned and back to where it should be. And as we work with our operators to push rates where we can and manage our expenses, give rope and drive occupancy where we need to, I think that we can see some reacceleration in the growth rates.
Raymond Lewis: Yes. I don't think, Michael, that those are stabilized yet. I still think there is a way for those to go, to get back to their strong historical levels of performance. But I will say we're pleased with the progress that was made during the quarter. The basic things, as I said, were getting the right staff in place at the buildings and executing and blocking and tackling. And I think if they can continue to do that, they should be able to build on that momentum and get them back to where they have been, which is 94%-plus occupancy and strong year-over-year rate growth with best-in-portfolio margins. And there is still room to run there.
