Justin Hutchens: So, first of all, price volume optimization is an ongoing focus for us. You can see in our numbers the RevPOR growth year-over-year has been solid. Obviously, there was an impact from Sunrise. So, the $6.2 million would have been $6.4 million, had not been for that bad year-over-year comp. So, strong pricing power, really strong volume in the third quarter. So, we're really putting together, I think, the right balance of price and volume to drive growth.
Justin Hutchens: So, we're seeing a number of opportunities that are really building and particularly in recent months and weeks, include the number of seller institutional -- sellers that are dealing with debt maturities or fund maturities. And we're starting to see the returns become more interesting to us. We're seeing call it, 6% to 8% in place, and it really depends on the type of asset you're buying. If it's something that has more growth, it might be low to mid-6s that can grow to an 8% or better, and then a stabilized senior housing asset in the mid-7s, and we target low double digit and in some cases, even mid-double-digit unlevered IRRs.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it's Justin. So first of all, just backing up a little bit, where we always start is evaluating are we in the right markets. And so we've done a lot of work over the past years to make sure that we're well-positioned to benefit from the recovery. If we're in markets that we didn't think we're going to provide attractive growth for our respective assets, we've had dispositions. And we've used that part of the toolbox in terms of making sure that the assets are well-positioned, we've obviously made investments into our communities. And then -- we then have the operator selection and operator selection has been just a regular part of our toolbox. Certainly, shouldn't be deemed as a surprise that we're tweaking and trying to make sure we have the right fit, the best operator really to create value in those respective markets and assets. And to your point, we are pleased with the results we're getting. We had a recent transition. We had a number of things that we worked on to make sure that we could get quick results and that was getting boots on the ground. We have the management teams and the CEOs of the companies in the communities right away. We secured the lead bank so we can start executing on leads right away. We transfer the website. And the early results are good, and we're going to stay close to it and we're really pleased with the execution thus far.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it's Justin. So, the pricing power over the past few years has really been very, very good. We have at a relatively low occupancy, this broad-based demand is allowing for appropriate pricing really to ensure that we can cover all the costs associated with delivering care and services and to deliver growth for the business, and we remain very focused on that, both from an internal pricing standpoint and external. And if we can get it right. We tend to look for RevPOR export spread usually around 2% to 3%. And that's where we're focused. And the price volume optimization is working because we're really getting growth in RevPOR, and we're seeing the occupancy growth as well.
Justin Hutchens: Why don't I start with the second part of the question and then Bob will jump in with the first part. So, we have a number of projects that are underway. We have 170 projects that should complete by the end of this year. We started on this endeavor in October of 2022. So, relatively quick execution on a number of improvements across our communities, mostly mid-market focused and also unit upgrades. We do have, obviously, the ability to measure the results. And what we do is we just simply take light communities and compare the results in those that have CapEx versus those that didn't. And where we're seeing outperformance in our communities that have benefited from the CapEx, the early results are showing a 20% plus ROI, but we're also seeing growth across the broader portfolio. So, we're benefiting from the broad-based demand across the portfolio. We're leaning into markets and assets where we want to improve our market position through investment, and it's all really coming together and working for us.
Justin Hutchens: Okay. Hi, it's Justin. Let me start with the first question. So, we do have -- we have 75 communities in our same store that are operated by Holiday by Atria. Those communities were performing relatively better, and they continue to do that. I can tell you that they're now managing a more streamlined and focused portfolio with a high sense of urgency. They want to do well. I mean this is a company that's very focused on this. They've been extremely focused on sales execution and getting tour conversions up and they've had good results in the third quarter, and we're going to stay very close to this and monitor it closely, and expect to see good results. And then in terms of Brookdale, we are really happy to see improved performance across our portfolio, and it's been consistently improving. And has coverage, good coverage, and we'll look for more progress in that portfolio moving forward.
Justin Hutchens: And we certainly track the resolver markets and particularly as it pertains to independent living. But quite frankly, this price volume optimization I've been speaking to has been working for us, and we've seen really both move together price and volume moving together. And so I'd say the pricing power remains significant, and we're pleased to see the pickup in occupancy as well.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, sure. So, we are looking at smaller opportunities to really continue to expand our existing relationships and add new relationships and using a variety of different sources of capital to do that. I mentioned benchmark. That's an exciting new relationship for us. And certainly, we have the capability to do larger transactions as well. So, we see most of what's on the market and a lot of what's not on the market, and we're very interested in expanding in senior housing.
Debra Cafaro: I think it's important to know Austin, also that last year was an extraordinary measure that had never been taken and so we -- this is just returning to normalcy with the January 1 increases.
Debra Cafaro: Great. Question. We'll tag team that. First of all, we do see our cost of capital and the yield of senior housing investments, which were most attracted to coming into line. You noted a number of advantages that we have in terms of funding. We have liquidity. We have the VIM platform and of course, we do see these -- the volume of senior housing coming to market and yields increasing so that we feel optimistic about the cost of capital and the yields coming into an attractive focus. And I'll just turn it over to Justin to talk about what kinds of opportunities are building in the pipeline.
Debra Cafaro: We really intend to lean into senior housing, where we have significant expertise and really ought to be a great owner of senior housing with our platform and our relationships. And as Justin said, double-digit low to mid double-digit IRR. So, we're very interested in that area. First and foremost, you saw that we did close in the VIM platform a medical office building, which has advantages for the VIM stakeholders, in particular, in terms of being reliable, compounding cash flow.
Debra Cafaro: That was a multipart question Juan. Good morning. So, the -- a portion of the Kindred lease for 23 LTACs is up for renewal in 2025. We've talked about EBITDARM coverage being about 0.9 and what's most important, obviously, is what the earnings capacity of these assets is likely to be post 2025 in terms of thinking about the outcomes. Right now, you can see that Kindred has adopted some initiatives for improving the operating performance, which we know are focused really on cost savings, in particular, labor and contract labor. And we're seeing that even in the quarter to date, those are beginning to show early signs of improvement. And so that's how we're really thinking about the 2025 renewal/maturity. LTAC certainly have a pool of qualified operators across the country from publicly traded select to a variety of regional operators, and we're familiar with all of those.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean one of the things I talked about is at our largest project, which is in Charlotte, North Carolina, which is really at this intersection of universities and medicine and research. It's our largest project. It's one of the fastest-growing cities, and it is already 80% pre-leased. We just had Siemens sign a large lease there. And we're really at kind of the mid construction phase. And so that's the most significant, but we are seeing other leasing activity. We only have a couple of other developments underway and we are seeing leasing activity there.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning Jesus. I'm going to ask Pete to talk about the opportunity in the medical office building portfolio outpatient medical that he's taken over and is deploying the Lillibridge playbook. There's a lot of opportunity, and we're obviously off to a good start there. And Pete, I'll turn that over to you and--
Debra Cafaro: We'd love to help you out, but we have a firm policy on not commenting on other transactions, and we have a great outpatient medical and research business, as I described, and we're really interested in investing in senior housing. And so I think you should defer those questions to the companies themselves.
Debra Cafaro: Thanks so much. We're very pleased to deliver a strong quarter for our shareholders and improve our outlook. And all of us at Ventas really appreciate your attention, your interest in our company and we look forward to seeing you in Los Angeles. Thanks.
