Robert F. Probst: For the full year, just to reinforce, we expect to grow. So the guidance of 0% to 2% is the full-year outlook. As we look at phasing, I expect that will grow throughout the year. And fairly consistently, there are puts and takes. We mentioned for example the flu season in Q1 highlighted that the occupancy challenge from that is going to affect Q1. However, for the first half we also have the carryover benefit of the management fee savings on Sunrise. So net-net-net, as we look across the quarters, we expect fairly consistent growth. No hockey stick type movements either way.
Robert F. Probst: So, 1.3% was the growth last year. And if you unpack that a little bit, we had an interesting year in the sense of a significant tenant departure early in the year, then having to refill that pipeline in terms of tenancy in the back half. That's what we saw in the fourth quarter, we saw the sequential improvement and 2% growth in the fourth quarter, just in line with our expectation, and reiterating the same steady type of growth in 2017. I'd highlight we have fairly significant rolls in 2017 relative to history. So that's our challenge to meet and beat in 2017 on the top line. So that's really how I think about it. It's going to be a top line driven business but very steady and predictable.
Robert F. Probst: Sure. So as you know, Smedes, in January for most of the business, not all but most of the business, the annual rent increase for in-place residence goes out. And the point I made this year is, we had more aggressive, it would be the right word, accelerated rate increases for this year versus last year, and particularly so I'd say in the Sunrise portfolio, and Atria has historically had the same methodology but I think we saw more alignment between the two operators this year. So, strong growth and stronger than last year in terms of that rate later, which I mentioned is really important to the full year revenue number.
Robert F. Probst: Sure. So let me start with deliveries first. And so, we saw elevated deliveries really in the second half, beginning in the second half principally of last year, and we expect that to continue to increase in terms of new deliveries in 2017 versus 2016. At the same time, when you think about new starts, we've seen through the NIC data that for two quarters now for our trade areas we've had 5% construction to inventory, so level amounts in both quarters. And as we look at the data, we said, some early signs perhaps that that new starts may be slowing. And so that gives us some hope about that, but the delivery certainly in 2017 will be elevated even versus 2016 levels.
Robert F. Probst: Sure. Yes, let me unpack that a little bit. In terms of occupancy, we finished the fourth quarter about 120 basis points down year-on-year. Our expectation as we come into the first quarter as I mentioned is with the flu and with these new deliveries that that gap would widen. I would put that, that versus prior year, I would put that in the 200 basis points down range. At the same time, really importantly, the pricing that we expect to see if we delivered REVPOR of 4%, I think given that we were more accelerated in our rate letters this year, we expect to see something north of that in terms of rate. And that's not, to say it again, because of the wage pressure in the 4% to 5%, that's for labor I should say, that 4% to 5%. Total cost will be below that growth rate as we drive efficiency and utilities and things like that. So that's the algorithm net-net-net to get us down to the 0% to 2% outlook.
Robert F. Probst: Sure. Good question, Michael. I keep coming back to the value proposition of senior housing and let's not forget the big picture of the cost of replicating the services that you receive in the senior housing community. It's twice as expensive to do so at home, not to mention the benefits of being in a community. And that I think is a truism every market that we go into and everything we hear. And the value-added of the services in your report highlights this, of assisted living services, the value it provides to residents. And I don't think that generally speaking [indiscernible] we priced that value necessarily to the point that we can. And so, we are seeing in 2017 the opportunity to do that. Because of the value proposition, I see the opportunity to continue to do so. I come back to the framework though of looking at the high-barrier markets where you have the demand, where you have the wealth, where you have little supply in your competition, that's the area where we have pricing power and that's where we're focused, and I think that can continue. But clearly, the supply is going to have an impact in the balance of the portfolio.
Robert F. Probst: Yes. So we have not only the annual increase but also street rate. We expect to see year-over-year growth. Again, that's driven by those engine-room markets where we see nice increases, not at the level necessarily of the rate letter but still nice growth. So it's both that we see particularly in that 70% of our portfolio, that is the high barrier to entry markets.
Robert F. Probst: First of all, thrilled about the Canada performance, it grew mid-single for the year, it's great, 7% in the fourth. And if you look at occupancy, pushing 95%. And so I'm just sounding like a broken record here, but the opportunity as we think about 2017 is very much with a 95% occupied building to get some pricing.
Robert F. Probst: Again, we have a range. So at 0% to 2%, you could probably back into math to suggest that to be true.
Robert F. Probst: So FAD, relative to what we put out a month ago, in the range in terms of dollars, I think we're about $1 million below the $1.27 billion of our outlook, and that was really CapEx timing as much as anything. I would step back and say, in terms of FAD CapEx focus areas, MOB is one area of focus in particular, but I wouldn't infer anything kind of beyond that.
Robert F. Probst: We have about $125 million of what I call FAD CapEx in the year. It tends to be more back half weighted, typically the fourth quarter, to ramp a little bit in the fourth quarter. But again, it depends a little bit, Chad, just on what's going on in terms of the projects. You could have a [indiscernible], so it would be lumpy for example. So, there is an extreme seasonality to that number.
Robert F. Probst: If you look at the 70% versus the 30% at REVPOR, the 70% equilibrium markets, there's not a significant difference on REVPOR. What's different is the growth rate between the two.
Robert F. Probst: We absolutely still have the program, John. We changed a little bit the presentation to really highlight on that one page, I'll call it the FAD CapEx breakdown, sustaining CapEx, versus the prior pages which demonstrate the development and redevelopment. So really just tried to differentiate and distinguish the different types of spend. But the program is very important and a huge priority for us. As we've said, in fact we're going to…
Robert F. Probst: Increase our amount of spending from $140 million to $300 million, round number, 2016 to 2017. So it's key, it's a core priority.
Robert F. Probst: That generate returns as distinguished from the FAD CapEx which are profit sustaining type initiatives, roofs and boilers and things like that.
Robert F. Probst: I'd say, one thing to point to is the data we referenced that could suggest some slowing is NIC data, where if you look both for IL and AL at starts, in both cases they are the slowest that we have seen since 2012 to 2014 in that range. So, it's a couple of data points. Anecdotally, around financing would be another one, difficulty in financing, difficulty of lining up construction at a reasonable cost, et cetera, et cetera. So those are some of the facts that would indicate it may be slowing, but it's still early to call that.
Debra A. Cafaro: We are excited about our investment in Ardent, which as Bob said is performing very well. We're executing on the game plan, which is to scale that platform as we hope to fund the acquisition of LHP in 2017. And LHP is a real gem. So I think our strategy of acquiring really high-quality assets, scaling the business, and we're very focused on executing on that this year. And in addition, we have said all along that we are going to be very highly selective, which we have been and we'll continue to be, but we have a gigantic secular opportunity and we will continue having conversations with people, and should there be additional opportunities that we think will create value, we will certainly pursue them. So that's where we stand on the business right now.
Debra A. Cafaro: And I think one of the real benefits that Bob has brought to our senior housing business in working with our care providers is really understanding pricing and where we're making money and making sure we're pricing appropriately for the care and the home that seniors are receiving, and so really deconstructing what the pricing should be and matching it with the services that are being provided and the quality of the residence that's being provided. So, double-clicking, triple-clicking into pricing and making sure that we are matching pricing with needs and services.
Debra A. Cafaro: I'll take that, Michael. So as we talked about before, Kindred spent a year or two preparing to move into patient criteria, which Select Medical, another LTAC provider, went on successfully almost a year prior. And so Kindred was highly prepared to make this transition. And essentially, Kindred has been adopting a strategy of really identifying patients who are eligible for LTAC reimbursement as well as developing a strategy where they can care profitably for what are called site-neutral patients. So, I have every confidence that Kindred will be able to go into criteria in accordance with its expectations and work through the reimbursement and mitigate some of those impacts as we look to the back half of 2017. So, that's a shorthand way to describe a very complex transition.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. I mean, what we've talked about in the past is, over time we would expect it to be maybe 20 basis points, 10 to 20 basis points, all else equal, but there will be a trough and then of course they'll elevate out of that in the back half of 2017 and into 2018. So, in and around that neighborhood, and again, very expected I guess and that we have confidence in Kindred's ability to execute and we have good long-term lease arrangements with them as we go through the transition.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. First of all, we're very excited to be in this business with the university-based R&D tenants, and it's UPenn Medical, it's Yale, it's Duke, Wake Forest, really leading institutions who account for 10% of university-based R&D spending in the U.S. And I think the opportunity – and also Wexford is the name in this business, so being partnered with them I think is a real advantage – and the business opportunity is really very much like the MOB opportunity. For example, which is to say we have these big institutions, they have a lot of demands on their capital, and they don't need to own or build all of their real estate. And so, we have this great nucleus of assets now, we have a great development partner who is renowned among the universities for what they do, and the business plan is to scale that platform by doing more business with the universities who are already in our tenant base and to do business with additional leading R&D universities, very simple. And what's exciting about this acquisition is that, A, the assets we acquired are excellent and are performing well, and then B, the demand for what we're doing is very strong. And so, we see additional follow-on opportunities in the pipeline with one very well-known university, we also as Bob said have green-lighted a couple of other projects, one adjacent to UPenn in downtown Philadelphia, another one related to WashU, and the pipeline is very robust. And so, we think this can be a great channel for growth for us. It's really come in sort of fast and furious and our job is to make sure we're doing good underwriting and that we're available to build this as a real growth opportunity for the Company. So, we're excited about it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Of course it always depends on the amount of pre-leasing, et cetera, and what the credit quality is, things like that. But in general, we'd…
Debra A. Cafaro: I do, and if you look at Ardent pro forma with LHP, they will be in six states as I mentioned. Only two of those are Medicaid expansion states. Our general view is that the potential impact on the companies as a whole would potentially, assuming no mitigation, be less than the potential synergies from the transaction. And so we have a built-in buffer there as well as obviously as a landlord we have over 3x coverage. But just at the operating level, we think that what we're doing is really smart and we have a built-in cushion there should there be any impact from a change to the Affordable Care Act. I do think it's interesting, and I caution investors not to equate equity operator prices with the reliability of lease streams, but I would note that if you look at like an HCA for example, their stock price was $66 last year at this time, it's $84, $83 to $84 now. I mean, I think there is recognition that these good companies will continue to be good and what these excellent operators do over the decades is they know how to hold the levers in this business to create positive cash flow, and that's what we would expect Ardent to do with a very seasoned CEO that's been through this for three decades. And so, we feel good about it.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, good. I mean, we're really focused on closing LHP and are excited about that because it's a gem, and what comes with it, as you point out, are these really valuable not-for-profit relationships with academic medical centers and other large not-for-profits like a sanction. And so, that is one incremental step toward this gigantic opportunity. And again, we'll continue to have conversations, but our focus right now is really closing LHP and then we'll take it from there.
Debra A. Cafaro: Should there be ACA pressures, which honestly I think there may be a lot of easier policy priorities to accomplish in the near term, but should there be something, I think they will be first of all pushed out, and secondly, we have – we announced that there would be significant synergies in the merger between the two companies, which again only have two of the six states in Medicaid expansion. And so, we think that's more than enough cushion should there be impact from an ACA repeal. But the key thing is, what is the replacement? The replacement may be fine, and so it may have no impact. The key thing is, what is the replacement, and of course we would expect that that replacement would not take effect for one to multiple years.
Debra A. Cafaro: As we said, we're going to be very selective and we're going to play at that top percent of operators and assets that have significant market share, that have quality outcomes, that are efficient, et cetera, and so those conversations will continue over time and it's a really gigantic opportunity, it's a $1 trillion revenue business, the acute-care business.
Debra A. Cafaro: Really I talked to Todd, he is here with me, and we were at the J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference, and honestly, the hospital acute-care providers are going about their business, which is creating efficiencies, driving quality, all the things that they were doing before. And many of the changes that are in the health care system are so already embedded in what they are doing, I would say that that is really what they are focused on, execution of their business.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. So I would say that again let me just repeat a little bit of what I said, which is that the acute-care providers are going about the business of driving efficiencies, quality, improvement, M&A, et cetera, and they are some of the biggest customers obviously in the MOB business, and we have a really high-quality portfolio that's affiliated with some of the top hospitals. And so, while uncertainty generally can delay decision-making and things like that, we may see some of that this year, I do think that we are well-positioned to continue creating stable growing cash flows in our portfolio.
Debra A. Cafaro: So I think what's really interesting is that we are seeing huge continued interest at very robust pricing as I mentioned across our asset types, and it's coming from pension funds, it's coming from sovereigns, it's coming from private equity. And I think that is a sign that people value our assets and they see the big opportunity in our business. When we talk about being disciplined capital allocators, as you know, we have always been about doing things that create value for our investors and hopefully being good partners with our customers at the same time. And so, I would not conflate those two words. I think we are disciplined when we think about our cost of capital, when we think about risk-adjusted returns and when we think about what is going to create value, and that's always been a hallmark of Ventas'. And that's partly why we have such a good track record of total return, that's why we have a good track record of capital allocation and growth in income, as we take that very seriously, and we think about deals on their own and also how they affect the balance and mix in our portfolio. So, we will be disciplined, we've always been disciplined, and take all those factors into account as we continue to make investments.
Debra A. Cafaro: I mean, it's very minimal. It's like, for example, if there was a fire and the building was closed down or a flood or something like that, that type of thing, very minimal.
Debra A. Cafaro: Again, I think the pricing is really an enhanced way to appropriately have the operators be paid for the care and services that they are providing and to match pricing with the value that the families and the seniors are getting, and we are doing that more effectively I would say in 2017. And Bob will take the rest of that.
Debra A. Cafaro: I can and would encourage you to listen to Kindred's call later because they'll give a more fulsome update because they are on point there. Our understanding is that it's going well and there's a lot of interest. As I talked about earlier, that there is a lot of interest in all of our asset classes and this would presumably be no exception. And so, we are anticipating on balance a second half execution of that transaction.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. So in those numbers, we're talking about this selective redevelopment and development program we talked about, we would include within that ground-up development like our Class A downtown San Francisco medical office building, it would be our newly opened senior living community, Foster City in Northern California, it would include any life sciences, as we mentioned potential developments with UPenn or WashU that we talked about. And it would include some redevelopments that we've done over time where there are significant impacts on the community where we for example add a life guidance or memory care unit or build another wing or convert parts of the building to other uses, those types of things. And we tend to, as John said, we tend to look at 7%-plus returns depending again on the profile of the tenancy, the pre-leasing, the credit quality in the ground-up developments. I mentioned the San Francisco MOB, we've got AA rated credit, it's substantially pre-leased building. That's one type of yield. As we're doing these redevelopment projects, I'd say high single-digits, low double-digits unlevered expectations for returns.
Debra A. Cafaro: We are agnostic. We want our operators to be great at what they do, leaders in their markets, provide good quality care, and operate with a lot of integrity and compliance. So that's what we like. And we have the lion's share of our portfolio as we've reshaped our business over the last couple of years, is with those leading operators. So we have a few more questions. I'm sorry, but we have to hustle, we have a few more questions that we still want to take, John. We'll be happy to…
Debra A. Cafaro: There could be – again, when we give the $1 billion, it's pretty straightforward. We've got $700 million that we are funding on the Ardent acquisition of LHP. Then we have $300 million of other, some acquisitions of stabilized assets, some are developments of life science that we've talked about. And so…
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I think the best risk-adjusted segments are the areas we have identified for capital allocation, which will be really high-quality hospitals, definitely growth in the life sciences segment, principally by development but also by potential acquisitions, and follow-on opportunities, and customer oriented activities. That's where we have been focusing the last couple of years and that's where we'll continue to focus and that's where we think we have the best return, in addition to of course the development/redevelopment that we just talked about.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think the trimming – so we are talking, I think it's important to identify this capital recycling that we are doing in 2017 of $900 million of dispositions and then $1 billion of investments. So the $900 million straightforward to, it's the Kindred $700 million and then some dribs and drabs $88 million we just closed on some senior housing with a customer that was a good mutually beneficial deal. So that covers about $800 million of it, and the rest is kind of dribs and drabs to get to the $900 million, and I've already gone over the $1 billion. So that's the capital recycling that we've talked about that really is value creating.
Debra A. Cafaro: The divestitures were really with one of our customers, their underperforming assets. So we were able to sell those at a fixed yield and increase their cash flow and improve our portfolio. So, everybody was happy. So that was something that was a unique sort of solution that worked for both companies.
Debra A. Cafaro: Non-strategic assets that we thought we got a really good price for and that were more valuable to the tenant user than they were to us. So, good transaction there.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good. Okay, so Brookdale as you know is an important customer of Ventas and they are an important industry participant with 80,000 employees and 100,000 seniors that they care for every day. We have a good relationship with them. We have excellent agreements between the companies. And we continue to try to work with Brookdale, as we do with all of our customers, to continue to enhance and improve our mutual businesses.
Debra A. Cafaro: All kidding aside, I mean we care deeply about the success of Brookdale and we will continue to try to work with them as we have with our small disposition deal that we have in the market and as we have with our other customers to try to continue making them a success.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you. With that, I think we're going to close the call. We're going to thank everyone for their patience and we really appreciate your tuning in to hear us talk about our great year and what we hope to accomplish in 2017 on your behalf. So we look forward to seeing you and thank you again for your interest and attention.
