Debra Cafaro: Good. Juan we have about equivalent strong coverage of two times EBITDAR at the SNFs, and LTACs and obviously combined in the whole post-acute portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: Well I would tell you this, most of that post-acute rent is from Kindred as I mentioned and Kindred’s guidance is for a better fourth quarter than its third and so we believe the really good operators are good in part because they provide quality care and also because they manage through constant changes in reimbursement. And so as we showed during our Investor Day, we felt very good about that. So we think Kindred will be managing through the reimbursement changes in the fourth and throughout 2016 relatively well. 
Debra Cafaro: And this is what typically the industry standard is, is either 4% to 5% on skilled and 2% to 3% of revenue on hospital assets.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah so that would be about in total on our Kindred portfolio about 30 basis points to get from EBITDARM which is two times to EBITDAR.
Debra Cafaro: So we feel good about the way the year is starting in SHOP and Juan we're going to move on to our next questionnaire. Thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Smedes, this is Debbie, I would say that as we've talked about the last couple of quarters we've been very selective in terms of our investment activity, very focused in terms of our capital allocation and there definitely has been a period of price discovery ongoing and volatility certainly creates a wider bid/ask spread and so until we get through that time period I think you will see again very selective investment activity on our part. But we are mid ways through that process I would say. And there are deals that we want to do and that we can do and those again will be development, redevelopment, it will be hospital, it will be supporting our customers with the right kind of assets to help them build market share and we still think there are opportunities for us to play but very selectively.
Debra Cafaro: Hang on I will. Okay let me answer that for you. Okay. And I have to look at the supplemental to what you refer. There is certainly some Medicaid in the Ardent portfolio. So Ardent is a very high quality operator. It had a great year. I would tell you that we like both the shift in our overall portfolio to 83% private pay NOI as well as the new channel for growth that we have in Ardent. And as you saw in our Investor Day, we have really focused our portfolio on working with healthcare providers who are excellent and experienced at managing through changes in the healthcare services environment. And we certainly are in dynamic policy environment now and we think Ardent has the right characteristics to be able to manage through that.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah okay. And by the way I was very pleased to see that you have embraced our framework on post-acute services in your recent report and we agreed with everything until you got to the stock recommendation.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah so all healthcare services have as a quality mix and we particularly like State for there is Medicaid expansion and Ardent certainly has a good quality mix that includes some Medicaid patients.
Debra Cafaro: One interesting data point that we have is Bob mentioned that we did sell some assets in the first quarter and we sold a senior housing asset in Salt Lake City for fixed cap and generated a very significant gain on that. And so that's one data point that would suggest that cap rates for senior -- quality senior housing remained pretty strong certainly for good quality assets like we owned.
Debra Cafaro: They are the same assets and if you look at Brookdale's disclosure, you’ll see something similar. Brookdale had some purchase options on NHP assets and basically we have helped Brookdale exercise those purchase options as they have basically purchased the assets and we've provided purchase money financing that is secured and guaranteed with those assets over a five-year time period.
Debra Cafaro: Yes I think in general the healthcare services business over long periods of time will generate low single digit same-store EBITDARM growth. We have always structured our leases and our investments in those businesses with a margin of safety through property cash flows, coverages, credit in structure. And so you’ll see ebbs and flows that are predictable and contemplated in those cash flows, but over time they’re as you say in the low single digits and if properly structured will provide good risk adjusted, reliable rents and rent growth.
Debra Cafaro: As I mentioned without commenting at all expressly or impliedly on any particular assets, I would tell you that we’re actively working with Ardent and EGI on acquisition and investment activity. If you go back to our Investor Day what you would see is what our criteria for investments in the hospital space are and it’s very high quality market share and numerous other characteristics that we laid out there. So that you should focus on as you’re looking at where we would be likely to invest with Ardent.
Debra Cafaro: Yes that's on our post-acute business, which is on the South Kindred. So you would re-quote EBITDARM…
Debra Cafaro: Because again there are different management fees that different people apply. And so it would be about 30 basis points to get to EBITDAR coverage, which is very good, very strong and we still believe in our portfolio…
Debra Cafaro: Yes at the asset which again is further enhanced by corporate and other guarantees and structures that just pulled multi-facility master leases.
Debra Cafaro: No, no, no. The senior housing is really call it 15 basis points. The margins are different. That's why it's different because it's a percent of revenue and so our senior housing has been at about 1.3 times EBITDARM for good while, very stable again.
Debra Cafaro: And we all know in New York, three miles is far and in some other areas seven miles would be the equivalent. So that's really how to think about it.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So on triple net, some are CPI based and others are contractual base and in MOB there is a significant CPI component.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Yes. I would say the following. Kindred is the leader in post acute care in the United States. As was announced, Kindred settled in a very proactive way with the Department of Justice relative to acclaim the Department of Justice made for a company that Kindred acquired for activities that occurred before the acquisition. Kindred had a reserve of about $125 million for that and has settled that for approximately the amount of the reserve and is in good standing with all programs and has an excellent compliance functional, which is one of the many reasons that we like to do business with them and our other providers.
Debra Cafaro: They are fully settled with the Department of Justice. Again, the claims or pre-acquisition of a company called Rehab Care and Kindred has a very appropriate mix and a high-quality mix between the specialty hospitals and the skilled nursing. And we believe consistently has good compliance and codes appropriately. So I think you may be misunderstanding some data, I'm not…
Debra Cafaro: I would say thank you for raising that. We do think that some acquisitions as we said and some redevelopments and developments are good capital allocations. On the ground up development, we are exceedingly selective and I would point you to the fact that the one medical office building ground up development that we're doing is expected to be 75% pre lease with the AA rated hospital system Downtown San Francisco connected to brand new hospital. That meets my hurdle for ground-up development. In terms of senior housing developments ground-up, we've got only two projects underway. Very good market areas in Palm Beach County and San Francisco and there where you are looking at different cycles and economies and so on, we are a partial owner and have brought in third party, pension fund capital as a partner to spread the risk and narrow that. We think those projects will be very successful. Atria is going to manage them. They have good developers. But again, the typical Ventas go with opportunities, but also make sure you're managing risk. So those are our three ground-up developments and I think you'll see us continue to be highly selective in those. On redevelopment, we think there are good opportunities. We have been allocating more capital and those as we've said provide good risk adjusted return.
Debra Cafaro: As I mentioned we have and have always had a very strong balance sheet, got $2.2 billion of liquidity. So we're in a great spot, needs are all self imposed decisions on us to be consistent with our strategy and our principle.
Debra Cafaro: Yes I think our portfolio optimization efforts have began last year. Will continue this year as we look to dispose off non-strategic assets maybe certain markets. We have a lot of very attractive assets that we think would be desirable in the marketplace as we continue to refine and distill our portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: I think you saw in the first quarter that we did sell the Salt Lake City asset that was high quality SHOP assets and again fixed cap rate, $20 million gain on sales that sort of thing, certainly within the sandbox of possibilities.
Debra Cafaro: Mike I think you’ve gotten clean up today. So we have a good triple net senior housing portfolio, it is characterized by good coverage, good operators. Brookdale is about 40% of it and it has been growing year-over-year. We look at that portfolio differently from SHOP in general because of the significant pooling credit support etcetera and coverage that we have and so we do not believe that it is -- we believe that it has acceptable levels of new supply, but we have reliable cash flows there principally because of the cash flow coverage and the triple net leases that we have that are in pooled bundles that are diversified. So we focus mostly on our high quality SHOP portfolio as we look at construction and development trends.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, those coverages I think are trending little bit of our NOI frankly. I think they don’t even and in general we feel comfortable with those, they’re small, they’re small leases and kind of move up and down over time.
Debra Cafaro: So if there are no further questions, I want to once again thank everybody for your attention and your support of Ventas. We know that every environment gives us a chance to distinguish ourselves and create value and this time is no exception and I think you can count on us to do so. So we look forward to seeing you again soon. Thank you.
Bob Probst: Sure, Juan, so I think there are a few questions in there, let me start with the fourth quarter and characterize the non-recurring expenses where they hit. So about $1.7 million so that takes, when you adjust for those, the NOI growth from 1.1% to about 2.4% same-store for the quarter. So pretty much in line quarter and year if you look at it that way. And these non-recurring tend to normalize over the course of the year. So I think that’s a reasonable way to view the year overall. The margin and expense versus revenue profile in the fourth quarter to note reflects that one-time type benefit in 2014. So when you align for those in margins are really in line, expense grew in line with revenue, so that’s the fourth quarter. As we think about ’16 and how we model ’16, overall on a blended side I highlighted a 1% to 3% outlook for SHOP overall, really has two building blocks to that and really important to highlight those. The first is we call it the 70% engine room of growth, the markets like New York, Los Angeles, the coastal markets in which we have a strong hold. We think those markets are going to grow mid-single digits. So that’s a continuation of the momentum we’ve seen in those markets in 2015. That will be partially offset by call it the 30%. That is the list of markets, which may be affected by supply challenges and really to think about what those challenges might be, it’s hard to model exactly because it could be a function of occupancy, it could be a function of rates, even a potential expense impact, but overall we think that on a blended basis, that performance for that 30% will bring down the overall average. So it will partially offset the strength and momentum we see in the 70%. Therefore overall coming back to your 1% to 3% growth overall showing the benefit of a great portfolio which we think we have. So within that I can give more assumptions, but that’s the overall flavor for ’16.
Bob Probst: We think it will be a range and indeed we went back to try to truly understand this and modeled where we have assets where there has been new supply coming online what happens and we've had pretty good experience of call it 40 properties where we’ve seen that. And there tends to be a wide dispersion of outcomes there as there will be in any portfolio. But overall our guidance range reflects what we think the essential median is of that, so you can do the math as you did to reflect the overall for that, but again that’s partial offset to the 70%.
Bob Probst: Sure thank you I should have mentioned that. So I highlighted first of all strong rent into - rental increases effective January 1 mid single-digit, which is really great news. We’re really pleased to see that. We’re really pursuing a rate driven strategy. We think that’s a wonderful way to drive profitability and seeing those rate letters go out in that performance thus far holding is very encouraging, that together with the fact as you know that we have the flu season challenge in the prior year that we're lapping would suggest just from a phasing point of view the first quarter would be a better comparable for us overall for the year. So we're pleased with the start. Obviously the occupancy that we begin the year with is below last year but again that's reflective of that rate strategy I highlighted. So very intentional as we think about our first quarter performance.
Bob Probst: Sure. I think it's important to highlight the point you make, which is we've assumed in our methodology that all new supply will compete. We think that's a conservative point of view because as you say price point model AL versus IL, location, operator, all matter. We've taken a very conservative position we think to assume that there will be some level of competition irrespective of those items. So that's a conservative point of view. Indeed what we do see though is different ways that folks compete within the market. As I said it could be occupancy, it could be rate. The key for us is really to drive the operational excellence. I'll come back to that that theme to really win and grow in those markets. So when you have a great team, you have great processes, you can differentiate through yourself, you have a great track record to compete against the shiny new penny as I describe it and win. And that's what we were really focused.
Bob Probst: I just we learned something last year no doubt as the year progressed there was a lot we talked about whether it's flu season or challenging year-on-year within any one quarter, but certainly the reality of increasing supply as the year unfolded presented itself and we saw that impact particularly in the fourth quarter as I highlighted. So as we think about '16, we think we played it down the middle Andrew. We've looked at the momentum in the current markets and as I say we expect that to continue. It's really a question then of modeling what is the supply in fact going to be. And only time will tell, but we try to be as factual as we could be as I said looking at experience and therefore we think we've played it right down the middle but we'll see.
Bob Probst: Yeah there is no hockey stick a good start to the year first quarter would be the easier comp from a flu season perspective, but we shouldn't expect wild fluctuations quarter-to-quarter.
Bob Probst: Sure, again I think quarter-to-quarter volatility is a fact of life not only in SHOP but in MOB and particularly in the cases of fourth quarter, we had some unexpected R&M cost increases. There tends to be some variability and volatility in those and we got hit particularly in the fourth quarter and late in the fourth quarter for that matter. So, I’d really come back to the full year performance of 2% that’s very much in line with the expectation for '16 steady and stable as she goes should be the way I would highlight that. So kind of a unique quarter just in the fourth.
Bob Probst: Sure, on a blended basis, so for the total portfolio I would say, flattish on occupancy. Again I come back to we're very much pursuing a rate driven strategy. When you look at NOI sensitivities, rate very much trumps occupancy and therefore we think a good profit approach and therefore as we look at it, the NOI is driven by rate and again very much encouraged by the start to the year those rate letters are important. So that mid single digit rate increased starting Jan 1 really is central to that full year performance.
Bob Probst: The majority, there is some staggered timing on it. Not everybody starts on the 1st of Jan. So different time periods, but the majority. 
Bob Probst: They are absolutely the high barrier markets and at the Investor Day, we talked about the fact 50% of our SHOP portfolio was in Coastal markets and when you look at those that is where we really see the strength. We see high rate, high RevPAR, we see high margin and we see very limited supply in New York, our largest market is the case study of that. I've highlighted the last two quarters of strong performance in NOI. That strong momentum really reflects that great position, great market scale this idea of cluster markets and very limited supply. And so those together drive that engine of growth I’d call it that we’ve seen in '15 and expect in '16.
Bob Probst: Ross, this is Bob, we’ve modeled it every which way. I would tell you that 3% assumption really looks at a 75 plus population and its growth rate in '16 and the CAGR of the next five years. If you looked at 80-plus within our trade rings you come back to the same number, that central tendency I would say of 30% of the portfolio being exposed really comes back no matter, which methodology. The 3% therefore is the combination of population growth and then some level of obsolescence which is relatively small. Overall averaging assumption, it will differ by market, but we think as we've pressure tested it, we think it holds up very well.
Bob Probst: Another good question. There has been a lot of debate around that. And it really comes back to looking at where the source of business is and how far folks are typically willing to travel, which for each of the properties our operators understand that as they do their marketing. It's intuitively make sense for the highest density areas you're not going to go very far, you're going to walk, you're going to drive a short distance whereas the more rural or suburban areas you're going to drive and so it's really a function of that. John, you can look at it and cut it different ways. Your denominator changes depending on how broad the ring you draw there. So it doesn't necessarily change the numbers overall, but we think it ties back to where the business is coming from.
Bob Probst: And again, the three miles for us is the top 10 most dense markets. So it would be the Manhattan of the world that you would expect to see. And that's what we've done.
Bob Probst: So yes, we have some modest occupancy growth and some modest rate growth. I would highlight that rate growth is not as significant as we saw in 2015 and to some degree CPI linked. So lower inflation, lower increases, so that's really a revenue and therefore profit mix isn’t as rich and that's really kind of the most fundamental driver of that.
Bob Probst: Yes. So triple net lease is right, but it will later add back to the fact very stable and integrated business.
Bob Probst: Thanks Steve. We indeed have $500 million of dispositions factored into the guidance as I highlighted and $350 million of new acquisition. So that together with cash flow is driving debt reduction. As part of that we have rolled over as you've highlighted some very low cost debt end of the year, clearly as we look at interest rates here at record lows. We're actively considered different ways to optimize but ultimately, the key being that we we're looking to de-lever and have highlighted that this guidance brings us full out six times by yearend.
Bob Probst: Well, we'll see how things go, but we would do a bond to refinance it at the fourth quarter of the year. But if interest rates make it attractive, we may think about doing that earlier. We'll see.
Bob Probst: Yeah, absolutely I highlighted a word in the prepared remarks saying that we are deliberately reducing leverage and have said that for the last couple of quarters, we have the benefit of being able to be patient and have been patient. We issued some ATM over the last quarter or so. We're continuing to dispose off assets, $700 million last year and now projecting 500 in '16 and we've record cash flow and those things are going to get us under that six times target and so it’s not math, it’s very deliberate and strategic.
Bob Probst: Sure, we have incorporated in the guidance some assumption around some wage pressure. Again there has been a lot of talk around that. There are really two forms of that, that can be supply driven or can be tied to minimum wage. Its inherent in our assumptions and I come back to the rate driven strategy, you need to maintaining and cover your margins and you see to drive labor cost productivity and you need to be efficient and the outlook we've given supports that.
Vin Chao: Hi, most of my questions have been answered, hi, most have been answered here already, but just going back to the debt conversation here, leverage coming down below 6, I was just curious how much of that's just a function of the math? You looked at the acquisition opportunities and the disposition opportunities and the math just works out that way, versus a more targeted approach to say hey, let’s look to take our leverage down here, things maybe worse, just curious how that played out, macro wise when I say worse.
Vin Chao: Okay. Thanks for that. I think I was just trying to get at timing wise if there was any change because of some of the things are headlines are out there that are making a little bit more concern nearer term but…
Vin Chao: Okay. Appreciate that and then just maybe a cleanup question here just, you talked a lot about the SHOP outlook on the revenue side. I was just curious it sounds like you think inflation is going to be pretty low here this year, but just wondering how you're thinking about the expense growth in SHOPs.
