Robert Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'm going to share a few thoughts on our first quarter office and enterprise results and finish up with our second quarter outlook before turning the call to Q&A. Our Office segment, which includes our medical office and research and innovation businesses, performed well in Q1, delivering 4.6% year-on-year same-store growth. Medical office year-on-year quarterly same-store growth was 3.5%, led by strong retention, contractual escalators and parking recovery. R&I increased 7.9%, which also benefited from escalators and leasing, as well as from $1 million in holdover rent from an exiting tenant. Adjusting for this holdover rent, R&I growth was 4.6% in the quarter and Office same-store NOI growth was 3.8%. In terms of overall enterprise performance, we were very pleased to have posted growth in the first quarter for the first time since the onset of the pandemic. We delivered FFO of $0.79 per share and organic SHOP revenue and NOI same-store growth of 10% and 14%, respectively. Meanwhile, total property same-store NOI increased 5.8%, excluding HHS grants. And this growth was achieved while Omicron raged for the majority of the quarter. These results speak to the quality of the Ventas portfolio and the commitment and skill of the Ventas operators and team. Leverage improved sequentially by 30 basis points to 6.9x in Q1 as a result of senior housing NOI growth and HHS proceeds, partially offset by acquisitions closed in the first quarter that have been pre-funded in 2021. In this rising interest rate environment, 90% of our debt is fixed rate with the duration exceeding 6 years and an average cost of debt of 3.4%. We are pleased that we extended debt maturities in 2021, having paid down over $1 billion of near-term debt while raising over $1 billion of new debt with a weighted coupon of 2.65%. And our liquidity remains robust, with $2.2 billion available at the close of the first quarter. In terms of Q2 guidance, we expect net income to range from minus $0.03 to plus $0.01 per fully diluted share. Q2 normalized FFO is expected to range from $0.69 to $0.73 per share. When excluding HHS grants, our Q2 guidance midpoint of $0.71 compares to Q1 FFO of $0.71. We expect SHOP to grow approximately $0.02 sequentially. This is largely offset by two items previously communicated, a $0.01 sequential reduction from the move out of two life science tenants, which will enable redevelopment into high-demand lab space, and $0.01 from lease resolutions with a handful of smaller operators in the senior housing triple-net business, with future upside participation in the cash flows at the assets. Further impacting the SHOP Q2 year-over-year same-store guidance, we expect revenue to grow approximately 10% at the midpoint, led by occupancy increasing by 400 basis points, as well as improved rates. We expect to grow shop NOI in the range of 2% to 10%. At the guidance midpoint, Ventas expects operating expenses per day in Q2 to remain consistent with Q1. Flat operating expenses per day sequentially in Q2 is higher than normal seasonal trends as a result of incorporated continued inflationary pressures, notably on labor, utilities and resident services. Looking sequentially, overall SHOP segment NOI is expected to grow approximately 4% from Q1 to Q2. Looking beyond Q2 for SHOP, based on the favorable supply/demand backdrop, the strength of the revenue engine and the expectation of some moderation in inflationary pressure in the back half, we continue to expect sustained improvement in SHOP same-store cash NOI through 2022. Final Q2 guidance assumptions include no new unannounced material acquisitions or capital markets activities and 403 million fully diluted shares. For more information on our guidance assumptions, I would direct you to the business update deck posted to our website. I would also point you to Pages 29 and 31 of our supplemental, which provide insights and disclosure including segment NOI guidance and an NOI to FFO trending schedule to allow for easier insight into unique items in our results. To echo Debbie’s comments, I’m excited to have BJ Grant join Ventas as our leader of IR. BJ is an accomplished REIT investor, has deep knowledge of healthcare and Ventas and will be a great fit with our team. To close, we believe the senior housing recovery that is now underway, the actions we have taken and our continued focus on execution position us for sustained value creation. That concludes our prepared remarks. [Operator Instructions] With that, I will turn the call back to the operator.
Robert Probst: Sure. Thanks, Steve. And there is a really helpful page in the business update on Page 12, which speaks to expenses. And just to frame this, I know you’re asking about labor, but again, I want to put labor in the context of the overall expense base, because we are seeing inflationary pressure not only in labor but in other areas such as food and utilities and so on, and that’s embedded in the forecast. But specific to labor, contract labor within that, which is, call it, 5% of labor with 95% being in-house labor. We did see some modest improvement in contract labor towards the end of the first, and we expect that to continue modestly improving into the second, as we continue to get some success in hiring, as Justin articulated. Importantly, the overall labor, we are assuming continued inflationary impacts in targeted ways in order to enable that recruiting. If you step back from it all, we are holding our cost per day flat sequentially Q2 to Q1 in a quarter which is seasonally lower, typically to reflect that inflation. And hopefully, that helps frame the answer.
Robert Probst: I’ll take the second one first and let Justin talk about April 1. So you’re right, REVPOR traditionally, at least over the last 5 years or so, if you look sequentially at the growth rate year-over-year, we tend to drift down over the quarters, with the first quarter being supported by the in-house rate increase and then the re-leasing spread dragging that down over the balance of the year. The dynamic – and that was in the supply backdrop really. That was typically the case. What’s really encouraging here is the firming street rate or new resident pricing would suggest that, that drift should improve, i.e., ultimately, a positive re-leasing spread over time as discussed. So we should have a better profile over time, notwithstanding the fact that the re-leasing spread is still lower. But over – as a trend, I would expect that would be better than the supply area, particularly given the backdrop of the fundamentals. You want to talk about...
Robert Probst: Hi, Rich, so sequentially, we would expect 80 basis points of sequential average occupancy growth. The start to the quarter in April is 20 basis points, suggesting it to go, if you like, in the 50 on average per month for the balance of the quarter. Remember, back to the key selling season, that begins to accelerate here in the coming months. If you looked at last year, how we trended, that looks as if last year are also favorable. So that would suggest a good setup for the guidance number.
Robert Probst: I would just add, sequentially, which, to your point, three versus two, this key selling season in occupancy manifests itself.
Robert Probst: Sure. In terms of leverage, it’s a little bit of a broken record, but the recovery of the $300 million of NOI we lost in SHOP in the pandemic is really the key to unlock the leverage ratio back into 5x to 6x. We are trending in that direction, which is encouraging. In the meantime, we have been doing other things such as upgrading the portfolio through asset sales, for example, last year, reducing near-term debt, extending duration, things like that, to make sure that we are in a good spot, which we are.
Debra Cafaro: I’ll take that and then turn it over to Justin, but we’ve been very successful in both markets over time. Canada has really outperformed during the pandemic. Occupancies remain very high and the market has been favorable over long periods of time. And of course, the U.S. is the engine of growth in this quarter with 26% year-over-year. So we like the growth potential there as well. Justin, do you want to...
Debra Cafaro: Well, thank you for the question. As I mentioned, we are and have been taking a lot of decisive action on the portfolio with the team and just in general, to execute, to make sure people understand the Ventas story and the opportunities. And really, we have a consistent strategy that over time has delivered superior performance, and we look forward to the opportunities ahead. And again, look forward to driving TSR, as I mentioned.
Debra Cafaro: Juan, Page 11, of course, has April leads and move-ins which are, as Justin mentioned, ahead of pre-pandemic levels, leads were very strong. And do you want to talk about sort of entering – and we’re entering the key selling season, obviously.
Debra Cafaro: Right. And I would say, even potentially within real estate, relatively advantaged, because that would result in some more slack in the labor market as well. So, it would change the expense equation here, while the demand and supply are favorable. So, that’s I think an important point to understand. And then in terms of April, I think we are actually doing well compared to prior April.
Debra Cafaro: Well, this was all part of Justin’s mandate, as these – we keep talking about these decisive actions, operationally focused, positioning the portfolio to capture the upside. And obviously, when he first came in March of 2020, there was a lot of focus on sort of the COVID reaction and stabilization. And so now where we have been taking these steps and the Sunrise is another good example of what we are trying to do to position the portfolio, Justin, you can comment, in particular, about how you have done this.
Debra Cafaro: We have taken a view generally that there is – this is really sustainable demand. And again, the fundamental backdrop in our markets is favorable because of the incredible drop in starts, so supply is low and it’s going to stay low. We have this window of opportunity, where the senior population is starting to grow. And then we have an attractive kind of compelling portfolio. And so that is a backdrop, Justin always says that the table is set. That certainly is a good backdrop for a window of opportunity over time. And our view is, and I think Justin mentioned it, too, is if you can drive rate, in-place rate in the U.S. went up 8% in January at this low occupancy level in the low-80s, as those occupancies increase and these demographic supply-demand fundamentals improve, that should further support those – that kind of pricing power. So, a lot has to go right. There is a lot of uncertainty. It may not be a straight line. I need to caution all those things, but certainly, there is a case to be made.
Debra Cafaro: Well, when we look at 2021, the $3.7 billion that we had, it was really I think 70% senior housing, 20% life science and 10% MOBs. I mean we have been fortunate to have had an early thesis on MOBs and grown that business, and Pete’s done a great job running it. And we have done these bolt-on type of acquisitions, like the one we did this quarter with our hospital partner Ardent, which was a relationship-driven opportunity. So, that’s what I would say about our capital allocation priorities, and we have been very consistent in that regard.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. And some of those restrictions really are continuing. They have been, from a healthcare standpoint, a much more rigorous kind of government controls on activities. And so it will take a little while for this to kind of run off, but it is a great portfolio and a really high performer, and we are very confident in the future performance.
Debra Cafaro: Great try. Let’s focus on – we are very focused on executing and delivering in the second. And you are right about the expectations for the second. And we have said we expect sustained NOI improvement through the year.
Debra Cafaro: There is two, one is in RTP and one in the Wake Innovation Center, and they both could be very in demand for kind of lab space. So, that’s what we are undertaking.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Okay. Well, thank you, Abby, and thank you to everyone who joined us today. We really appreciate your support and participation and are excited about the quarter, excited about the senior housing recovery that’s underway and look forward to seeing you soon.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. And I’d just say that as we’re underwriting deals, we always drill home to the local market, and we’re following the philosophy of right asset, right market, right operator. Certainly, the broader Canadian market tends to have a better supply demand dynamic over time. They have been 90% occupied for the last 10 years. So it’s been supportive of a very stable and growing investment in Canada. And then the U.S., looking ahead, with supply being so low and starts being so low over the next few years, we like our opportunity to grow organically, but also to make investments in the U.S. as well.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it’s Justin. Yes. So we are very encouraged by the trends, and we certainly have demonstrated pricing power, as we mentioned, and to do so at 83% occupancy is just a real good indicator of the demand for senior housing, which has been strong and growing and performing above pre-pandemic levels. So we would expect pricing power to persist. We demonstrated first with rent – in-house rent increases that around 8%, which was solid. The next lever we can pull is street rates and narrowing the re-leasing spread, which is happening already. We would expect it to continue. There is aspects – there is parts of our portfolio that are already positive in terms of re-leasing spreads. So we certainly think that can be achieved and should be. And I’d just say that we’re encouraged by the trends and expect the environment to support more improvement in that area.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. One thing about the key selling season, which is really May through September, we would expect that literally 99% of our net move-ins occurred during this period. So this is the red hot part of the selling season for this sector. We’re around 83.3% occupied in April, off to a good start in the quarter. And as Debbie mentioned, the underlying demand has just been really solid.
Justin Hutchens: Hi, it’s Justin. So the first part of your question really refers to the macro backdrop, and we’ve obviously been through other cycles, including one that had a housing demand and price decline. There is – there can be – if it’s dramatic like it was during the Great Recession, there can be an initial shock to the system. But what we saw during – post kind of the initial period of the Great Recession is that senior housing performed really well. It performed well and had a backdrop for a few years of limited new competition, more so than what we’re seeing now. We have a real opportunity with the starts being so low and the deliveries being so low relative to that period. So the other thing, too, is that house wealth and income demographics in our markets are very supportive. The affordability for our product is very, very strong. So we think we’re well positioned in that regard.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. We are way ahead of April of last year in terms of absolute leads, and we are still well ahead of 2019. So, we are not – we are more encouraged than anything.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. I mean one thing I will just mention is that Jack Callison and the team at Sunrise have just been performing really well, and we are just – couldn’t be happier about having a partnership with them. And what we like about this new arrangement is it’s pretty simple. If they deliver higher NOI to us, then they will get a higher management fee. If it’s lower, it’s lower. So, we love the alignment. They are fired up about creating value over time, and we will both benefit from this. And we definitely anticipate more of our portfolio to have this type of contract. We have several already, but we will continue to put this type of arrangement in place.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I would just say that there has been a lot of action taken. And we certainly believe that the vast majority of that’s way behind us. So, we will look to see the operations improve as the rest of the sector recovers.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. Sure. So, the main thing that really happened was the Omicron variant. And in Canada, our communities had restrictions. They have always been much quicker to kind of shutdown when there is a little bit of an outbreak or a threat of an outbreak. And so that slowed the move-ins down. Canada is 93% occupied, it’s going to have kind of structurally higher move-outs because it doesn’t have the benefit of this U.S. portfolio that drops so much, because it’s just been such a strong stable performer. So, January and February had soft move-ins, March and April, off to a good start. So, we do think there is potential to recover. We are looking forward to Canada getting back on track. But I would just really point to COVID, really to the driving part.
