Bob Probst: Sure. I will take those and thanks for the question. Good morning. Let's start with SHOP midpoint of the range and then I will do the high-low. Midpoint of range occupancy, we expect to improve the gap year-over-year relative to the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter was down 160 basis points versus the prior year 2019 to the 2018 and we expect to improve, i.e., narrow that gap over the course of 2020. We expect modest RevPOR growth. We had nice in-place increases in the 2020 first quarter and that's helping. That will be offset in part by re-leasing spreads to get to modest growth in RevPOR. On the expense side, we highlighted some of the issues including labor inflation, insurance inflation and the extra day of leap year and those are all baked into the plan. I would say, on the OpEx growth side, we have not assumed that will continue to hold overall OpEx below 2% which is what we saw in the last few years. And when you add all that up, that gets you to the midpoint of the range that we quoted. On the, I will call it, the good side of the range, the real levers, I would say, are particularly around cost. So their ability to continue to drive the labor inflation down through efficiencies in the operating model, procurement, et cetera would be the upside that really is key to get to the good side of the range. On the other end, it's really about the revenue and pricing and what happens in the marketplace as we continue to absorb the supply that's still out there. So really, a revenue driven equation on the downside and that's really the upside-downside as we portrayed it. On the second question or I should say, the flu. Yes, the flu is incorporated. We don't believe it's a big deal this year. But it is incorporated. Triple-net coverage, a complex equation, for sure. I would say a few things. One, what we told you last year remains true, i.e. lease modification impacts transitions, et cetera and becomes 20 and 20 is the simple phrasing. That is true. That's incorporated in our guidance. We have also incorporated some room for further modification should they be necessary. And so that is in the guidance range for FFO as we look at the overall. So long answer.
Bob Probst: The benefit is baked into the range as it's not baked into our guidance. I would say, it approximates 100 basis points.
Bob Probst: Thanks. I will take that one. Thanks Michael. So it's always hard to compare on G&A using different measures. Scale, your operating model are two variable that can drive material differences. As we look at our G&A, I would highlight a few things. When you look at year-over-year, for example, in 2019 we saw the lease accounting standards change where we begin to expense leasing commission costs. That is in the run rate, if you like, but a year-over-year impact in 2019 and in the base. As we look at 2020, we would expect effectively to, on G&A, try to stay flat. And thereby, by definition of absorbing headcount costs including Justin. So that's going to mean efficiencies and being sharp as we always are but that's our budget.
Bob Probst: Yes. Rich, good question. Thanks for asking. Because the profile, as you know, of 2019 was in the second half, we saw the revenue drop. We called it out, obviously, in the third quarter. They carry forward into the fourth. So if you just kind of drew a line to think about 2019, obviously it started high, finished low. And coming into 2020, that's our start point. And so all else equal, we would expect to see a tougher comp in the first half of the year and then normalizing, if you like, as we get into the back half of year. So that's just going to be the normal phasing as we look at it. And as we look at the year-over-year guidance range, that is a fundamental predicate, absolutely for sure.
Bob Probst: Yes. You will have some competing forces there. So in terms of FFO phasing, the dispositions, we talked about $1.3 billion of dispositions being used to reinvest behind R&I and debt repayment will be over the course of the year. So that is dilutive because at $0.08 versus the fourth quarter. So you will see that phasing in over the course of the year. So some offsetting forces.
Bob Probst: Right. So the key variable in here you mentioned, there is dispositions and loan repayment activity, i.e. sales over the last several years, again reinvested in either debt reduction or future growth through R&I which have been dilutive to FFO. That together with the senior housing market driven performances, effectively those are the two key things that answer that question.
Bob Probst: Right. So again, we in our guidance have incorporated the impact of that which happened last year. So we talked about the $10 million becoming $20 million in terms of activity in the triple-net operator portfolio. That's in. And then we provided for some additional activity, if it's necessary. So we have contemplated having to deal some others. So that's in the guidance.
Bob Probst: I will do overall for the company that's in the guidance. I will let Chris talk a little bit more specifically about senior housing. But the guidance range for 2020, this is FAD CapEx, Steve, is $180 million at the midpoint. Round numbers, we were $156 million in 2019. And the vast majority of that increase is a function of senior housing and again, very much a result of this targeted and accelerated spending in senior housing. So I will turn it to Chris to give a little more meat on that bone.
Bob Probst: Right. So simple source of uses here, Jordan, is we have got the $1.3 billion of sources coming in from the dispose. The uses of those are twofold, roughly $600 million of that is going to be redevelopment spend principally behind the R&I pipeline and development and $700 million is going to be debt repayment. And we run that all through the grinder that's flat on a leverage basis versus 2019.
Bob Probst: Sure. I will take that one. And obviously, I would say, the themes are very consistent with what we talked about last in that regard, namely the secondary markets, particularly in the fourth as in the third, continue see on a proportional basis more revenue challenge. And again, that's where we saw supply come earlier and the need to digest those units come first. So as we look into 2020, that said, second, some of the secondary markets have begun to see that turn. And as Chris was describing where, for example, we are focusing some of the capital, those would a good opportunities to spend targeted capital there. On the other hand, primary markets, so these are broad brush, you have to get of course get into specifics, but primary market is where supply came later and the digestion will come later, put it that way. And so we will expect in 2020 to see some of those primary markets having to deal with that supply. But at the end of the day, it's just timing because the trends are inexorable. We see the demand growth. We see the penetration growth. The starts trend, which has been favorable now for several years, those come together and manifest themselves in the upside that we keep talking about. And it's just a matter getting from here to there.
Bob Probst: That's a lower number than 160. Obviously, there is a related question which is pricing. So both of those need to be answered together. We need to be smart on both occupancy and price. Revenue, when all is said and done, growing revenue is a job to be done. And so that's really positive.
Bob Probst: Yes. Thanks. So there is two pieces of price. I will touch on both. One is the in-place resident increase that happens this time of year and that's been healthy, I would say, consistent with last year. That's encouraging and an important part of the revenue. And then to your second question which is, I would think in terms of the re-leasing spread when resident leaves what are we seeing on pricing? There remains a competitive market. There is no question about it. Therefore our guidance for the year of modest RevPOR growth incorporates both those thoughts. But so far, I would say, the start to the year has been in line with our expectation.
Bob Probst: Well, I would add the two things. One, there is significant incremental dedicated horse power is this portfolio. Obviously critically important to us. Dedicated focused and with an individual who has an incredibly unique set of skills with background as a REIT, with deep expertise within the operations to be able to come in, complement and accelerate that which we are already doing, but really can bring that extra bandwidth. I would call it the multiplier effect that he is going to bring operationally and strategically for the portfolio. And so we are excited about that. And the portfolio itself and the operators themselves, again, as we painted to you before, we think we are in good markets with good operators. So it's really then how do you optimize within that.
Bob Probst: So yes, just to clarify, the $600 million of dispositions are turning around and going to be invested in $600 million of development or redevelopment this year. That's on existing projects. John mentioned that we announced $900 million-plus of new projects last year. And so it's really investing behind those, first and foremost.
Debra Cafaro: Good. Well, we are excited about this. I have long admired Hamid and his success in this area and I am excited that we can use our infrastructure and platform to give investors a choice of how to invest in these core life science and medical office and senior housing assets. So there are defined criteria, you would imagine, for the fund and over time as the fund grows which we expect and hope that it will, there will be just really a choice of which is the better home for the assets making sure, of course, that we treat all of our stakeholders fairly.
Debra Cafaro: Well, right now, it's our expectation that everything will be growth and importantly, we believe that it really does augment our aggregate capacity to grow. And so from here on out, we would expect John's team to be sourcing investments and if appropriate they will go in the fund and otherwise we will happily take them on balance sheet. So we are excited about the expansion of overall capacity.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean there are defined investment criteria that are identified that would be core life science, stabilized core life science, senior housing and MOBs. And things like our growing research and innovation pipeline, ground-up development with our exclusive partner Wexford, would clearly be, for the Ventas account. So there are pretty clear demarcations but where there may be overlap, again our job is to be fair to all the stakeholders. And so in the aggregate, expand our reach and our acquisition capacity.
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's equity and debt availability on top of what we are already seeding the fund with in the initial closing. And then again we would expect assets under management to grow from there.
Debra Cafaro: Right. Very clearly, from here on out, we would expect us to augment our total acquisition capacity and it would only be newly acquired assets which if they meet the criteria and are otherwise appropriate would go to the fund. So we are initially seeding it with the $500 million that we talked about and then from there it will be John's team that will be sourcing and closing the investments and if appropriate, that's how the fund would grow from here.
Debra Cafaro: Good. I am so glad you asked that. And note that we did this right before the trade deadline. So we are excited about it. I mean what we really think that Justin will bring and again, we have this bias to action. We are taking a lot of actions to do what we told you which is to put Ventas back on a winning path and to realize the upside in our portfolio in our senior housing portfolio. So what he is going to do is work very closely with our existing highly capable team. He is going to bring that complementary operating background that he has that will make us better and he has pre-existing relationships with most, if not all, our operating partners, as you know. And so he can work with them and our team on operating strategies and capital plans with the overall objective, of course, to improve operating results. He will also, as we mentioned in the press release, serve on the ESL Board of Directors.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean one of the great things is that Justin coming here really is attracted to Ventas' team, our strong track record, our commitment to our stakeholder and the upside in our business, broadly speaking in our senior housing portfolio in particular. And he is obviously well versed in the U.S. senior housing market. He helped build the business during a dynamic time in the senior housing market and I think he is confident that he can have a very positive impact on the company and on our portfolio once he joins.
Debra Cafaro: Good. So we have been working on these action plans, obviously, on our own and as well as all the other actions that we outlined today. We have been full speed ahead on them. And Justin will start to make his contributions really when he comes here in April and we are really looking forward to that. And as I said in my remarks, the tailwinds of demographic demand in senior housing are compelling and the fact there will be an upturn in senior housing driven by those demographic tailwinds is both undeniable and inevitable. And so we are focused on 2020. We want to continue to take actions as we have today to position us to capture that upside and that's what we are all focused on.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It' just a market structure and I am surrounded by a phalanx of counsel, who is encouraging me to restrain my comments. So I will. But it's just a market structure.
Debra Cafaro: Again, principally, again, if there's asset management fees, as you would expect and other as the documents provide.
Debra Cafaro: We continue to have a robust pipeline. I mean Wexford has a terrific position in the marketplace with these leading research universities. And we have a team dedicated at Ventas to work with them.
Debra Cafaro: Well, working with Chris Cummings and our existing team, we want to partner with Justin as a team to improve performance and obviously a part of that is looking at the portfolio with fresh eyes. We believe we have a portfolio that will perform in the long term. Look at capital plans, obviously look at pricing strategy. So it's all part of the overall leadership of our senior housing business.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, these are enterprise decisions. We will all work together to optimize both portfolio and enterprise. And he will be really leading that effort with Chris and his team. And we look forward to the results of that improving Ventas performance and position and realizing the upside that we know is in the portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think clearly, the actions that we are taking speak to those points. I think that bringing Justin being one of them in terms of expanding and complementing our strength with significant operating experience and perspective. I would say that really understanding the longer transition period in the ESL portfolio and communicating that more to you and generally obviously having consistent SHOP policies and so on, so that investors can really understand organic performance across companies which I think we have now tried to offer between us and Healthpeak which I think is a step forward. So obviously lots of lessons learned. I think over a 20-year time period we have really focused on delivering and on excellent performance. And I think we have had a short period here where we have not met our own expectations. But we are doing everything within our power to get back on the winning path and I am confident that the actions we are taking will do so.
Debra Cafaro: Well, first of all, again, look, yes, so we understand. So there are two things, as Bob described that affect our 2020 guidance. It was the end of the third quarter which mathematically lowers our start point going into 2020. So obviously when that happens, that has an affect on 2020. And then the cumulative absorption of the supply in our submarkets. And we know that that second aspect is improving and the NOI will inevitably follow. Plus, again, working with the operators on capital plans that are targeted and accelerated as well as bringing on more operating focused experience to work on pricing and so on. So those are all the actions that we are taking that we believe will drive improved performance.
Debra Cafaro: Not at all. So let me try to take it again. So the fund helps us grow our platform to provide augmented investment capabilities and capacity. And so basically, we have seeded the fund and then anything that grows the fund's assets under management will be new investments, typically at 40 cap rates and the fund will provide another arrow in our quiver in terms of access to capital and will enable us to acquire things that, in some cases, would be inefficient for us to acquire on balance sheet. And as I said before, we have an unlimited capacity to invest on balance sheet and then eventually in the fund as it continues to grow. And if you look at Prologis, for example, as an example, then you would see that it helped overall enterprise grow and that's what we are aiming for. And in addition, as we mentioned in the release, we will be the 20% GP of the fund, so we will maintain a significant interest in those assets as well. So it's an overall win for everyone, the new stakeholders in the fund as well as Ventas shareholders.
Debra Cafaro: Great question, because we do see upside there over time. And so first of all, historically speaking, we chose not to pursue a partnership at that time and so I think that's important for you to understand. And then secondly, we have taken these initial steps to do a joint venture. There is institutional interest in generally partnering with Ventas and in senior housing in particular. And we believe that continuing to recycle capital and attract capital and gain more partnerships with investors is a positive development for Ventas. And this could enable us to do that.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Thank you for the question. So obviously the dividend is an important component of our total return and we feel good about where the dividend is because we feel good about investing in our portfolio this year, which has increased FAD this year so that we can realize the benefits of the upside in our portfolio. So as we look forward, we do see the benefits of senior housing turning up. We also see the benefits of the R&I development pipeline that we have been heavily investing in with those assets starting to come online and contributing to cash flow and EBITDA as they open in later 2021 and into 2022 and they will make a significant contribution at that time. So the combination of and then the steady growth of the office and healthcare portfolios all combined make us feel comfortable.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. We have been trying to get at and respond to your questions. Fundamentally, if we have a 2020 and realize the benefits of Justin's contributions and we see cumulative supply declining in our submarkets as we expect and we continue to take these other actions that we have described which includes targeted capital plans, simplified pricing and so on, the combination of those things makes us confident that the portfolio will perform and we will realize the upside in the portfolio. And we have to demonstrate that over time. And that's what we are committed to doing.
Debra Cafaro: So good. Yes. I mean I think that your point is well taken. We have talked about our investment framework that we have used over the years and that we are augmenting today with the launch of the fund and enhancing. And basically, as you know, we have created a history of accretive acquisitions through basically really high-quality, relatively lower cap rate assets, such as 1030 Mass life science building. We have our kind of right down the middle investments, such as our successful LGM investment last year, which is performing well in both the stable assets as well as the lease-up assets. So generating kind of between a 5% and 6% unlevered return. And then we have a smaller category of higher yielding that could include development. It could include healthcare, government-reimbursed assets and so on where we allocate a certain amount of capital and the overall combination of those investment activities is what has driven the accretion from investments historically. And we would continue to stick with that framework.
Debra Cafaro: Sure. It's $1.3 billion, inclusive of the contributions which are effectively sales to the fund. And I believe, in the aggregate, it's a sub-5% cap rate.
Debra Cafaro: Michael, thanks for being patient and thanks for your question. As Bob pointed out and we have talked about before, we were very happy to see the improved report from Brookdale yesterday. I am really excited and happy for Cindy and the management team. They have done a ton of heavy lifting to get to this point where they are really starting to see some traction and some positive trends. So we feel really happy for them and good for us as well. In terms of Holiday, again, we continue to have fixed charge coverage that makes rent reliable. And that all having been said, Bob mentioned that our range does include in the triple-net side, the possibility that we would decide, if appropriate, to take action on different tenants in our triple-net portfolio and that's all baked within the guidance.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean good question and an important one. And often you do see some lesser spend on a triple-net lease in some of those circumstances. So what I would say is the leases generally provide for some required CapEx spend and/or investment. We often will work with the triple-net operators to provide additional capital at a return to continue to invest in the assets. And then lastly, ultimately as the owner of these assets, we can also just make investments in them as we deem appropriate, either on transition or otherwise, to keep them competitive in their markets.
Debra Cafaro: Good memory. In fact, when we did our positive deal with Brookdale, it seems like a lifetime ago, but we sort of anticipated, first of all, that their operating performance would improve through the efforts that Cindy and the team are making. So again, we are happy to see that. We did work with them to identify some assets that we both thought would be better outside the portfolio in other operators' hands. We have sold some of those and some of those are included in our 2020 disposition guidance. So good memory and we are doing that.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. So again, thanks for your patience Michael and I think you are our last questioner for today.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So I really appreciate and we all at Ventas sincerely appreciate your participation in today's call, your interest in the company and your support of the company. You continue to have our commitment to do everything we can do to benefit our stakeholders, our company and our employees and our partners. So thank you. We look forward to seeing you in Florida in March.
