Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. The loan is part of our normal business. Over the last five years, I think we've collected about $1.7 billion in loans that we've made on health care properties or to health care operators. This particular loan took a $20 million allowance in the quarter. And we continue to be current in terms of interest, receipt of interest payments. And it's under some compression of coverage because some of the assets haven't recovered from COVID while interest rates have been increasing. And so it's really a timing issue if you want to think about it that way. And so we would expect to work through that, and we have a lot of experience and tools and rights at our disposal to do that.
Debra A. Cafaro: And it's a multiyear NOI impact as well we will see going forward. We'll be investing into this multiyear recovery in senior housing and the supply-demand fundamentals in our market.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, Ronald, we're glad you like the deck. We obviously pride ourselves on our analytics, but your old colleague, BJ Grant, is helping us put it in the best format for our external constituencies. So we're glad that you like it. And I'll turn it over to Justin to start to answer your question.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, what I think you should like about it is we now have the vast majority of our SHOP business in the same-store pool. So that makes it more meaningful for investors to understand the performance of the business.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, I mean start out with the principle that FAD CapEx is really routine recurring non-income producing kind of steady state activity. And then Bob will go further.
Debra A. Cafaro: Nick, it's Debbie. On the $300 million, a couple of hundred million as we show in the deck, is based on office dispos, some of which are purchase option-driven. There's a -- we got full repayment on a Freddie Mac loan in January, that was $43 million, I think, at a double-digit interest rate. We got paid in full on that. And then the balance is other small items.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good. I mean, it all starts with the demand side, as you know, with the record 80-plus population growth in 2023. In terms of supply, I would analogize where we are to a little bit after the financial crisis because during those years, construction and development starts, obviously, were paused for a period of time because of the great financial crisis. And this is similar really to what we're seeing from kind of the pre-COVID period that you referenced but then also kind of during COVID and then continuing now because costs are still quite high, particularly capital costs. I mean, construction loans are extremely expensive now. And so the costs remain, for the time being, very high. And there's -- would tend to be because starts are really low in our markets, Justin can give you the specifics. But we believe we have a good multiyear window here where we know kind of the demand profile and can capture that while, at the same time, deliveries should remain muted, very muted because they'll be seeing the effects, again, much like we did after the financial crisis, where deliveries were low. And I think at that point, occupancies got up in and around the 92% level. And that's really where we want to be able to see if we can get back to that kind of 92% level in this nice window that we have and kind of that's the game plan.
Debra A. Cafaro: And you would think as you take capacity out of the market through higher occupancies, that you may maintain some all or more of this pricing power.
Debra A. Cafaro: And this is true across healthcare at large and is principally a function of the labor force participation rate and other kind of macro factors. And the key is really to take the actions at the hiring level that Justin mentioned about positive net hiring, where you're at least getting your fair share of that workforce.
Debra A. Cafaro: And then on Colony, I would say there's a range of outcomes basically bracketing the FFO contribution in 2022.
Debra A. Cafaro: Sure. I mean, I think again, as we said, there's a post-COVID impact on some of the assets and rates have increased. The full loan stack is really closer to [L plus 3], 330-ish, if you will, in the senior and the junior. And so the original underwriting was very conventional, kind of 75%, 80% LTV. And so it's just a timing mismatch, if you will. And the borrower, we believe, is taking actions on the portfolio side. And the rates are the rates, and so we value the collateral in making our decision at the 12/31 balance sheet and made reasonable, consistent assumptions about valuation.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thank you so much. I want to sincerely thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We really appreciate your interest in the company. We look forward to seeing you. We're all very optimistic and aligned around our 2023 momentum and opportunities and are ready to get after it. Thank you very much.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. I'll start, and Bob you probably want to jump in. First of all, it is a large initiative. We have 100 communities that are in the process of being refreshed. We do believe that it will be impactful. It's about $1 million of pop. It should help improve performance. Certainly, we've considered that when we gave our guidance for 2023. And there's more to do. But at this stage, we picked our highest priorities and we've been executing aggressively. So we look forward to these projects coming online during the key selling season.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So in regards to leading indicators, you've noted they're looking really good. We've had, we think, the highest fourth quarter lead volumes on record in terms of leads. Movements were solid. You noted the conversion rate. We had an operator that put in place a website upgrade intra month in December. It slowed down leads, a bit slowdown move-ins. Those move-ins have since recovered in January already, so no worries there. We expect to follow normal seasonal trends. And so you'll see move-outs be a little bit higher. We've had -- it's normal to have additional clinical move-outs. It's normal to have additional financial move-outs. And then so far in January, we're off to a strong start with move-ins at 104% of 2019 in the U.S., 111% in Canada. So all looking pretty good from a leading indicator standpoint. In regards to the margin question, there's 1 thing that we're all excited about. Obviously, Debbie noted it, I noted it, and that's the pricing power. That's really helped to accelerate our margin expansion. Occupancy growth does as well. So we do anticipate margins to continue to expand. And also, to Debbie's point, we're anticipating and hoping to get back to that 2019 level again. And margins will -- should settle out but also should continue to grow because of the strong demand for the senior housing sector.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, that's a great question. So let me start with describing the 300 basis points, and I want to relate it to seasonality. When we grew 300 basis points in 2022, we had two things helping that growth metric. One was that Q1 of '22 performed better than typical seasonality. So very strong start in '22. There really wasn't much clinical activity at all. And so that was helping us. It was also comparing to a prior year, Q1 of '21, that was pandemic impacted. So you have a stronger start in '22 and you have a favorable comparison. Moving ahead into '23, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're experiencing normal seasonality. So we have a lower starting point in Q1, so effectively Q1 has lower occupancy than Q4. It's in line with normal seasonality. Typically, you see about 100 basis points change downward from Q4 to Q1. And then what we'll see this year is an acceleration in growth. And as I said, we're expecting more move-ins. We're expecting more net move-ins. So in fact, the growth rate in '23 will be stronger. The effective growth rate is stronger, but the average overall is at the midpoint of 150 basis points of growth.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. Well, everything is included in the full year guidance in '23. And as Bob said, everyone is contributing. Canada is at a higher occupancy. It does tend to generate less growth overall, but it is contributing growth and we'd expect the U.S. to be on the higher end of the average of the guidance range, Canada a little bit on the lower side, but with everyone contributing to the growth.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. Well, first of all, really similar to how everyone is contributing to the NOI growth in '23, all of our operating partners are contributing to the improvement in managing the labor cost and it's done a few ways. One was to professionalize the recruitment of line staff where that had been a local priority. It's become a central priority for operators. That's done through automation. It's also done by gearing your recruitment professionals towards that person. There’s more emphasis on retention as well. There was wage increases at our competitors that were put in place all the way back starting in '21 and throughout '22 to help to be more competitive. And then just extra emphasis where you have -- the leading indicator is always agency which we probably noted in our numbers that’s been coming down. But the communities entering agency or markets entering agency, that’s an indicator to make, put additional focus on that locality.  So really good execution. And there has been, I think, changes that have been made that will be lasting in terms of just process improvement.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I mean, I think you summed it up perfectly. I would just point out again that the 80-plus population, what's different from that period is growing at record levels and will continue to for the next several years. So that's obviously very supportive on the demand side. Supply, most are supplemental, we have starts. In our top markets, it's like -- it's in the basis points. It's like 10 basis points, exceptionally low. And that supports the window that Debbie is describing over the next few years. And this is a sector that has tremendous demand fundamentals. So the capital we'll see through those and will bring supply eventually. But we do have a window that's formed that's really exciting and supportive of the recovery that we've been talking about.
Justin Hutchens: So it's Justin. So I'm going to go back to what I was just talking about, which is demand. So another part of this is just affordability in our markets, which is very high and there's demand for the services. So you have the combination of people needing the service and people having the ability to pay. And with numbers that we've never seen before in terms of demand at the doorstep. So that should be supportive of pricing power moving forward. There's always some sensitivity relative to inflation and CPI. But what you're really working to do to generate earnings growth is to create a spread. And we've been effective in doing that in this cycle.
Justin Hutchens: It's Justin. You're absolutely right. Agency was close to zero pre-pandemic. Obviously, there's been big shifts in the labor market since then. And we've had it enter our sector as others. We've managed to bring it down, which you've noted. In our 2023 guidance, we assume lower agency than we did in '22 year-over-year. And so that's supportive of our moderating expenses. But we are, in fact, carrying that Q4 run rate, which is like 2% of revenue forward throughout the year. There is -- I mentioned in my prepared remarks the guidance range. It assumes lower expenses and more occupancy at the top end, works the other way on the bottom. So we've incorporated that into our thinking. But we're anticipating that agency remains relatively stable.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So great points or observations. I'll start with the clinical side. The clinical side, I would just describe as kind of normal. It's certainly wasn't representative of the headlines that they were around flu. It's very normal kind of typical seasonality in both December and so far in January. We have had financial move-outs, which is also typical around this time because I mentioned over half of our residents received their in-house rent increases. And we've also mentioned they're relatively high this year as well. So that's contributing to the move-out trend and which is normal. That's kind of the point I was trying to make, and we're -- in that regard, we're kind of back to normal trends. And then from a move-in expectation standpoint and net move-in expectation standpoint, we expect those to continue to improve due to the demand at the doorstep.
Justin Hutchens: How about I'll start with the pricing question? There's a page in the deck for those that have it, Page 20, that addresses this. First, the contributors to RevPOR, strong in-house rent increases running around 10%; care pricing, 11%; and then street rates have increased as well. So really, everything is going up in that regards. One thing about care, it's adjustable throughout the year, represents about 15% of our RevPOR. And then there's just normal attrition, typical attrition. And so in other words, not every resident is receiving the full benefit of these increases throughout the whole year. So that's why you're seeing a 6% RevPOR rather than around 10%, which the numbers above might indicate.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So first of all, we're fortunate to have a wide variety of capital sources to further acquisitions. We'll prioritize our key asset classes, senior housing, obviously, is one of those, life science, Medical Office as well. The market itself is not normal. There's exceptions to this, but there tends to be fewer market participants right now. The deals that that we're seeing are getting repriced. Again, there's exceptions to that. Pricing could be unclear on the stabilized assets. But we remain very interested in expanding the portfolio and growing in our preferred asset classes.
Bob Probst: I'd add, the $1 million of pop, we've mentioned 100 properties, that's obviously $100 million. The timing of that clearly isn't all in one quarter. It will be spread over the course of time. But these are NOI-generating opportunities. ROI-generating opportunities are indeed embedded in the forecast we've given you in terms of the NOI growth. And I believe top use of our cash, best use of our cash is to reinvest in these assets, given the backdrop of SHOP and in senior housing.
Bob Probst: Well, first of all, we started this last year. So you mentioned the fourth quarter seeing some acceleration. That clearly is part of it. Second point to make is just in terms of classification of the CapEx spend. This is ROI generating a redev. So you'll see that acceleration in readout. At the same time, FAD CapEx will increase. Again, the top priority is investing behind our SHOP assets. So you'll see that increase at the same time. But it's a multiyear program.
Bob Probst: Yes. Mike, I'd say, first off, all the pools, all of the operators are contributing really attractive growth across the board literally as you look at it. This is broad-based growth in recovery and improvement across the portfolio. And you mentioned new senior, new senior importantly part of that contribution. And when you look at the fourth quarter of '22, you'll see almost the same asset pool, and that growth in the fourth quarter reflects that broad-based strength.
Bob Probst: I would just -- I'd emphasize 95% occupancy in Canada and we delivered 12% growth in the fourth quarter. That business is performing well. But obviously, the U.S. is the engine driving the overall midpoint.
Bob Probst: The second premise is, ICE is really function of either transitioned or acquired assets, bringing up to market standard. And part of what you will see in '23 versus '22 is a reduction, significant reduction in ICE because -- simply because we haven’t had that activity in the last call it a year. So that flushes out of the system. Bringing you back to core CapEx in FAD, which I would expect to see some acceleration in, I mentioned that earlier. Again, our best use of cash to invest behind the properties, both front of house and back of house. So you will see an increase in that. And more meaningfully, the increase in redev, which is really these front-of-house refresh ROI projects, which we mentioned a $100 million number as a placeholder. So both will be going up. I think net-net-net, I would think about it in terms of the bottom line FAD contribution in 2023 also growing driven by the cash flows of the properties.
Bob Probst: Great. I'll take that. So Page 14 of the deck we posted yesterday is helpful here because it really focuses on the impact of rising interest rates. Of the $0.16 I noted in the bridge, the vast majority is interest rates. And the vast majority of that is really the curve on floating rate that we see and show in the deck. FX is a contributor but a small contributor. And in large part because we have, in Canada, Canadian debt, and that's a natural hedge to what is a stronger U.S. dollar, which is having translation impact on NOI. So that's the primary driver. In terms of the $500 million this year of refinancing, again, that's in Canada, principally. And we've been able to secure some attractive pricing on mortgages in Canada. That's going to be a key source of funds as well as some agency debt here in the U.S., which we're planning to issue, which we'll use to pay down floating rate debt. And those are really the two key drivers of the guidance in terms of refinancing.
Bob Probst: Yes, it depends on the 10-year. In the 5s would be a reasonable expectation, depending on where the 10-year is.
