Debra Cafaro: Good morning Michael. I would say that we are involved in both undertakings. As you know, when we first invested with Ardent and with Sam Zell, we believed it was a scalable investment opportunity because of the high quality team there and the good platform. And that has played out exactly as we expected, and I would continue to expect that there will be opportunities with our partners to grow there.  And we also, in a very selective way could pursue opportunities with high quality health systems, so long as they share the kind of characteristics that we’re looking for, which I would describe as many HCA type characteristics, which are basically great market share, good payer mix, good branding, opportunity for margin improvement and so on. So, we’ve very consistent in that regard. It is a gigantic market and we’re focused on a very high quality slice event both with Ardent and separately.
Debra Cafaro: Well again, we are going to be consistent and very selective in the types of investments we will make in this trillion dollar highly fragmented sector. We’ve talked about Todd’s expertise over the years. We really are expert both in our management team and our board in identifying the kinds of opportunities we think fit with our strategy. It is helpful certainly that we may have more clarity given the Senate majority leader’s view that it's time to move on to, as I said tax reform and defense bills and so on, and so that’s helpful. But this is long-term secular thesis that we have that will play out over decades and so we’re going to continue to pursue that with consistency and strength and I believe we will be successful at it.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we were very happy to acquire Todd’s business in 2010 and combine forces with him and we like his name, and so we're going to keep it, and he likes it too, so he will probably use it. Like all of our executives Todd has a 12-month no-compete from - after leaving the company and we hope he will stick around for a while doing lots of good things for us, after he transitions the MOB leadership role.
Debra Cafaro: Well we are in a great spot. As you correctly point out, and I think we can compete and win in transactions where we are focused on winning. And that’s a great spot to be in. We have really picked our spots and been very clear about our capital allocation priorities over the last couple of years, and I think we have the ability to really execute on those. And so we feel really good about that.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we like what we see in terms of value creation. The institutionalization and performance for example the MOB’s is now sort of a mid-to-high 4s cap rate. I think in seniors housing, we have grown with customers we have been selective and we're focused on some high quality redevelopment both in MOBs with our center project in down town San Francisco, and in senior housing with our new projects with Sunrise and Atria. And then we continue to build this Life Science business where we see great opportunities and selectively in the hospital and health systems business as we discussed. So, there is lots of opportunity for us to do that and when we see investment opportunities that really add to our strategic direction, add to our portfolio accomplish things and our high-quality, I think we can very well compete and win on those opportunities.
Debra Cafaro: And what’s really interesting, just another stat on that is, the existing tenants that we have, these universities, Brown and Yale and Duke and UPenn just the existing portfolio, 25 assets, those universities account for 11% of all US R&D spending by universities. We think we can expand with those tenants and are working on that. Then there is another cohort that really accounts for the next kind of 30% of US University R&D spending, and that’s where we are targeting and we have ongoing discussions with Wexford with virtually all of that next cohort. So, that’s kind of the target market Rich.
Debra Cafaro: We pretty much as John said, I mean I think we have a great opportunity with limited apples-to-apples competition because of Wexford's brand, relationships, and track record where the University see us and then our institutional nature partnered with them. So they see that, those completed projects, they see the brand names that have already had success with this. They see us with our institutional long-term hold, and I think we really have the market pretty much in an attractive spot for us to win a large percentage of these development yields and that’s why we’re excited about continuing the opportunity.
Debra Cafaro: Good question. You know what I would say is, everybody wants to go where the demand is. And the demand is in healthcare and senior housing. And so it is a great spot to be in. I would say that there may be some successful at the margin opportunities for that type of conversion, but in general based on the sort of regulatory environment and new rules that are coming out for example that are pushing outpatient services that hospitals offer back toward the campus because of pricing changes. We think that the conversion of retail to medical would be a limited phenomenon over the next five years. And obviously the box size is relevant as well. But I really think the way hospital and health systems really provide outpatient services is being driven by the regulatory environment back closer to the hospital campus and that’s very important.
Debra Cafaro: Well we’ve gone from 70% when I started to 1%, so we're pretty happy about that. We will continue to be opportunistic and smart as we have, I believe we’ve been in our capital allocation, which as I said includes disposition activities. Right now we don't have any plans in that regard, but we will continue to be patient and opportunistic and if we have opportunities to do anything in our portfolio in any of the asset classes, we will always look at that if we think it’s going to create value.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, and that’s consistent. I think what we have always said is, this is a huge market. It’s fragmented, there are a lot of high quality, highly rated health systems that we’ve been doing business with for 25 years. We think this scalable Ardent platform with the management team is a great place to do bolt-on acquisitions and we have shown that that has been occurring and we’re very pleased with the way that is playing out, and with Ardent's performance. But there also is an opportunity in this gigantic market to pursue other potential opportunities on a very highly selective basis. And that’s consistent with our thesis from the beginning.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I think that we have a bias towards a leader who will be results oriented, proven record of accomplishment, and a deep understanding of the healthcare industry. I don’t - if they have a nice head of hair and a great smile like Todd that would be an added bonus, but that’s generally the direction we’re looking. John’s team is really in-charge of all of our investments, including MOB investments, and so it will be great to have a partner who can assist in that regard, but the MOB leader is really running the business.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean that is obviously - Amazon has been a disrupter in a number of areas. We believe, again why are people going to healthcare and they are going to healthcare because that is where there is incredible, inexorable, demographic demand and so everybody wants a piece of that. I do believe that technology will change and enhance the delivery at healthcare services as it has been doing for quite some time. And basically it hopefully will drive down cost of providing healthcare in the country. But we believe that we will continue to see increasing utilization of our assets from this demographic ways that has started and will continue to come.
Debra Cafaro: Certainly not in the near term and so over time, I mean again we want healthcare delivery in the United States to be enhanced and delivered efficiently and so our job is really to align ourselves with leading providers who are always going to be there delivering high quality healthcare services for this ageing demographic and that’s our business model and that is what we are really focused on.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning. Good question. Look, right now as I said, we’ve got this big task in front of us with great opportunities to allocate capital in a very value creating way and we are really focused there. I also said that we will continue to be nimble and opportunistic as we continue to grow cash flows and no reliable way. And so we will remain open to other opportunities. Our focus is on the investment opportunities with Wexford in the university-based business that are staring us right in the face with their very robust pipeline, and so that’s really what we’re focused on.
Debra Cafaro: Well we have a great MOB business, I think its value is perhaps underappreciated by investors and that’s one reason we really wanted to highlight it. We’re happy that we invested at the early stage of value creation, and really built this business seven times from 2010, but we continue to look for opportunities to grow, but also to prune the portfolio as we think is appropriate, and so that’s where we stand.
Debra Cafaro: Great question. Kindred commented on the business in its first quarter call, and I think that you’ve got it exactly right about the pattern that in the early quarters you would expect unmitigated impact to be larger and then as Kendrick’s mitigation strategies take hold that impact will be lessened and improved considerably. I mean that will take place in the back half and then into 2018. I mean the bottom line is Kindred is the best LTAC operator ever. I mean this is their historic business, I think they are showing good opportunities to increase their compliant patient population, improve and take some site neutral patients, to control expenses, and to improve mix in terms of Medicare advantage and other favorable asset types because of course as you know, now you can have shorter lengths of stay with those patients and I think Kindred feels good about the fact that Medicare advantage and Managed Care payers believe that there’s a good value proposition that Kindred could provide on a shorter length of stay basis than the historical norm. So that’s what gives us confidence in Kindred's ability to operate this portfolio and manage through the patient criteria changes successfully.
Debra Cafaro: Well great question, and I think that the way we think about it is, our value creation opportunity is generally to invest early in asset types where we think there will be cap rate compression, and/or cash flow growth and we evidence that the example, I would say in the MOB business and in senior housing, and we have been consistent at Ventas in our ability to see those trends, invest early, and create value for investors through cash flow growth in the assets and/or cap rate compression. So, what I would say is, we have this really great business with a diversified portfolio, and one of the ways that we’ve been able to deliver reliable growing cash flows over cycles for almost 20 years is this underappreciated ability to allocate capital around the wheel as I call it, where we can and have been able to consistently find good risk-adjusted return investments, so that if one asset class happens to be exceedingly valuable, we have lots of other places to go to find good investments that deliver good risk adjusted return and meet our investment criteria. And that has been, I think an underappreciated, but very important part of our long term success. And so that’s how we think about it. We have a great business. We have five verticals. We have a great investment team, and expertise and relationships and we will use those for the benefit of our shareholders to make progress.
Debra Cafaro: All right. So with that I think we will end today's call. I’m just shocked and disappointed that no one congratulated me on winning the Stanley Cup, but it’s been a great summer so far. I’m really, really pleased with where Ventas is in our performance, and we hope everyone has a great summer and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you so much for your interest in the company and your attention this morning.
Bob Probst: Hi Smedes, thanks for the question. The range obviously of 0 to 2 for the year, which we reconfirmed today really recognizes that new deliveries are primary drivers of the performance and the balance of the year, difficult to predict clearly. So we think it is appropriate to have a range for the back half of the year, and we are pleased with our start, I think it is hard to say we are right where we expected to be, whether it be top or bottom line. With the balance of the year that range is really a function of those new deliveries. So, we will have to see how that plays out.
Bob Probst: Anecdotally it is continuing to get more difficult, financing is getting more difficult finding good operators is getting more difficult. I mentioned that we said three now - periods in a row where the construction to inventory metric has improved, so that’s encouraging. So anecdotally and quantitatively I think we’ve seen some positive trends.
Bob Probst: Well coming back, we agree we feel very good about the balance sheet and the financial position we are in. Our net debt to EBITDA is a really good. Our fixed charge coverage is fabulous. Our liquidity is really strong, our cash flow is very strong, so we feel really good about our position and have multiple options. In the quarter itself we did make commitments to investments of about $110 million. We funded that in part with ATM that’s just one of the clubs in the back that we use as a relatively small amount, but efficient and it is one of the ways that we will fund new investments, but dispositions are another and we view that very considerably over the last year including $1 billion this year. So, multiple ways to finance ourselves.
Bob Probst: Yes, we in the low end of the range what’s implied in that Jordan is that we could see a widening of that year-over-year gap, sequentially. Conversely at the high end, we could see an improvement and it’s really again a function of the timing and pacing of new deliveries, so that’s what dictates the range in the back half.
Bob Probst: We started the year seeing 4% to 5% wage growth and that’s been pretty consistent in the first half of the year. In the quarter, we posted overall expense growth of 3%, so by definition the operators are doing a really good job of not only flexing that labor relative to occupancy, but also driving indirect costs down and are very much focused on that, but the 4% to 5% wage accounts in volume I would describe it, consistent volume wage growth has been pretty consistent.
Bob Probst: Well there certainly is a point where fixed cost kicks in. I don't think we are there. I think there is certainly plenty of headroom, and again this is a very market-by-market centric conversation, but I think there is still continued room to be able to flat labor for sure.
John Cobb: Yes this is John Cobb and I think, we think the size of the market is 4 billion to 5 billion or pretty big. We feel that with the Wexford brand and our brand. We have a great value proposition to the universities. Where we see the 6 to 9 is really on the development side. We think that when you, we can build to those yields, which is what we’re doing in new city and Penn and then WashU that once we build and fill them up to 95% occupancy we think that’s where we get the value creation.
John Cobb: Sure. I’ll take that Steve. The 200 basis points down is right in-line with what we talked about last quarter. We entered the quarter at lower point as you know from the flu, which was more severe and occurred later in the year then this is normal. And then we saw the new deliveries come online as I mentioned. The regions and the locations of that new supply of the same that we’ve been talking about for over a year and a half now, I highlighted Dallas, Salt Lake City, Denver, Atlanta is a few most notable, but the same markets that you read about when that report comes out are the ones that we’re seeing. It is contained to the same 30% of our SHOP portfolio that we’ve been talking about for some time. So, it is not new, but there was an increase in the amount of deliveries in those markets in the second quarter.
John Cobb: You hit the key one, which is slowdown in deliveries and the ability for lease up and absorption to happen. And one of the things - I want to make sure everyone notice the fact that the demand growth is stronger absorption with 3% year-on-year as per the NIC data which is really encouraging, but obviously a lot of units in lease-up. So, we need to have some time for that absorption to happen. No seasonality typically, one would see a pickup in the back half, but it really comes down again to this question of pacing in new deliveries.
John Cobb: That’s really a first quarter phenomenon Tayo and we are back in the normal season I'd say. So nothing unusual like that that’s occurring now. It’s really about the summer season and gaining market share and operating with excellence in the context of supply demand.
