Robert Probst: Sure Tayo, within the guidance it's very clear with the two drivers are year-over-year, it's full of suppliers as outlined. If you look at the market level clearly that's most pronounced particularly the supply in the US. We expect Canada would continue to perform well in '18, clearly driven by a rage given the high occupancy. But, if this is really been a movie that's been on what we saw over the last year, we've been very consistent and accurate on the forecast. You saw that happening in the fourth quarter on the heels of a new supply, so it's really continuing that trend line.
Robert Probst: I think that 1.5 billion has 350 million of loaner payments and then the balance is property asset dispositions including ESL that we described.
Robert Probst: You are correct Schmidt, it is up, you'll recall '17 was already at elevated levels, '18 we are seeing more of the same, and we've added some assets in that pool, so pools are changing but at the end of the day, the team has done a great job in retaining tenants. I mentioned we had over 80% tenant retention and that's great. We hope to have the same going into '18, but these two years in particular has been at elevated levels.
Robert Probst: Total OpEx which you know is 60% of that is really labor driven, the rest remaining 4% labor increases, very much in line with what we saw in '17, which itself records reflecting some of the pressure we see on the tight labor market. We expect to see some offset with non-labor expenses, managing those down and also again flexing labor in '18. Albeit there is some moderation of that as we think about the active development. These are the flexing labor in 18 and so, though there's an offset, it's not a full offset and that's inherent in the guidance.
Robert Probst: Look we've always been very lean and efficient and there's no change there. We had some modest increases in cost just really driven by compensation, inflation etcetera. But, no significant headcount changes, no significant moves, very much controlled as always.
Robert Probst: It's a really good question Nick, and very hard to quantify, despite many people trying to do so. It clearly does affect occupancy; we talked about accelerated move outs, and difficulty in move in just because we can't sell. And, that's been the occupancy impact, a number I can share with you is, we do track each of those particularly track, how many days are closed for selling to new potential residence year-on-year. And, that number has gone up by 250% year-on-year in terms of base closed for selling. Ultimately what that translates to in terms of occupancy, hard to say. But, as we've seen flu in the past, does not appear to happen is, it's not a timing issue, it doesn't rebound. You've altered your occupancy where that kind of carries forward throughout the year, so, hard to put a number on, but, clearly an impact.
Robert Probst: We've talked about this before and given the 100 basis points as a rule of sum, and it is notably a straight line being the big difference, where the straight line rents farther, so we don't see that escalation which we view in the cash number. What's notable here, we want to highlight is the life science business, which is now an important part of the overall same store, has significant straight lining, so, that really is the new news if you like. But, the 100 basis point difference has been really consistent.
Robert Probst: Certainly in the 5.5 looks like the assumptions we've given you and obviously we the ratio depends on both the EBITDA and the indebtness and that combination gives us 5.5. Clearly there is opportunity for investment, though we had 57 year end 2017. We've always been very comfortable in 5 to 6 and therefore the ability to use the balance sheet to go after acquisition or investment opportunities is clearly there. And the drive power and financial flexibility for us to do so, is an important reason why we are raising the proceeds to be lower. But, the math tells you it's 5.5 as assumed.
Robert Probst: Just to clarify John, there are two key drivers on the guidance on occupancy, one is flu, the second is the supply impact. Those together are driving we estimate 200 basis points of occupancy decline year-on-year. So, it's the key note of impact as opposed to an individual impact within that. Clearly within the industry data if you look at it, occupancy pressures throughout the industry, you see that in neck, no difference. I think what you need to SHOP portfolio has been the pricing power in ways we've been achieving and that's what I said is really fueling the bottom-line, but occupancy seems to be in line within these interns.
Robert Probst: You right to say, we did see some erosion in the fourth quarter and indeed as we think about the guidance for '18, I mentioned for the year overall was 4% roughly in '17, we are expecting 3% in '18 on the annual growth. The driver of that is I've got the releasing spread it is, in select markets where there is new competition, we are expecting pressure, and that's what drives that differential.
Robert Probst: No again, we are at 5-5 with those assumptions. A couple of things to know, the 1.5 billion is at a 8% blended yield on average, right being used to pay down debt in the range of 4%, 4.5% and we are also at the same time investing $425 million in development and redevelopment spending which is not yielding immediate NOI, that's future investment for future growth. So at the end of all that, it's 5 more times.
Robert Probst: We really expect the quarters to look quite similar year-on-year. We don't see a wild variation, I mentioned the flu impact and how that tends to continue kind of drop down occupancy and carry forward through the year, so that will therefore affect all the quarters, but beyond that I don't see anything that's driving any unique changes quarter-to-quarter beyond normal seasonality.
Robert Probst: Yeah, I'll comment on the Canadian pricing first, which is - it's more of an IO market for us than the overall portfolio, so on a relative basis, it looks lower but it's really based on the equity. And we believe we have placed strong pricing power by the way in Canada. I mentioned that is what gives us confidence in 2018 and continue to grow the bottom line in Canada on that price and we are at plus 90% occupancy there, so that gives us the opportunity to so do.
Debra Cafaro: Tayo, this is Debbie and congratulations on your forecasting, you get a prize for that. The - what I would say about the transaction is, you know we are very happy that we have successfully completed the transition of the asset and our investment in the operating business at ESL and we did that in January successfully. We kind of separated, you have to think about the impacts in a couple of buckets and I think on the NOI side for the period of time that we own, you know obviously we'll have 100% of NOI from the asset. And, we expect that NOI to have operational upside over time, so excited about that. And, then we've treated the joint venture essentially as in the disposition bucket when we talk about the billion and a half of expected dispositions that would be the pro-radar share of what we would be potentially partnering with the global institution on capital source on. And, receiving proceeds from that, and so, we would expect that to add an attractive evaluation obviously, and the amount and the evaluation of the asset while we expect to be positive will be refined as we get closer to completion of that transaction, which we would expect should be done maybe a year.
Debra Cafaro: No, no, that's what I was saying is you know if you assume evaluation, pick a number caller one, then if we were joint venturing such that an institutional capital partner was buying say, 33% of the portfolio, then the disposition proceeds would include 0.33 of that. So, that's how it's being counted and hopefully that provides clarity for modeling.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, I mean we had over 700 million of gain since 2017, and, I would say we have been able to redeploy those proceeds into a combination of redevelopment and development projects as we talked about, debt reduction and of course some of that does come to our shareholders by virtue of our dividend. So, that's how those proceeds have been utilized.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, good morning, so again, in our experience kind of working through market changes like the one that we are currently going through, I would say that we are very confident in our ability to be good capital allocators. That, I think then on the buying and the self-side demonstrated over the last couple of years, we continue to be active and seeking value creating investments as and when we find them and our priorities clearly are to continue to invest behind trophy development and redevelopment projects that would be added in to earnings in the coming years. And, we continue to try to support our customers and find other opportunities that will create value for investors. So, there may be, as we've seen in the past a lag between the change in the public market environment and private market evaluation and we are ready to take advantage of opportunities when they arrive.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we've already said that we thought that the LHP loan that is the $700 million plus loan, that we made to fund our Ardent acquisition of a high quality hospital company LHP, and again we feel very, very good about all the hospital investments that we have made. And, we said, when we made it, that they are two good outcomes, one is that we would get paid back on the loan, which will make it an excellent investment. And, the other might be that they get converted into an equity position. Right now, our expectation is that it would be repaid in 2018 and we think that's a very positive outcome. And, again overtime, we really we believe in Ardent and we know, that they are operating high quality asset and overtime we hope to convert some of that into equity ownership. So, we are in a perfectly hedged position and we are supporting their growth and I think making good investment.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Schmidt. Overtime, again when you have to triple net lease assets, you would expect EBITDA to vary as running creases and you go through operating cycles on assets. As we see here today, we are comfortable with the performance which again is expected as we've talked before and our current expectations are that we'll continue to have all of our material rent paid in 2018, and feel good about that.
Debra Cafaro: Yes happy to confirm that last statement that as we sit here today we are comfortable with were things stand, and have assumed contractual rent payments through 2018. And, clearly we are in a part of the cycle, we are operating retail store are feeling a little bit of the heat. I would say that we've been in lease renewal situations many times before as you've seen with Kindred and other operators and we will continue to handle those obviously in the best possible way. And, I think you can count on us for that.
Debra Cafaro: And, make sure you are counting obviously the funding of our lease East Trophy development project that we are working on that you provide the EBITDA in the later years, but, not in the current one, for they do use capital in the current environment.
Debra Cafaro: Well, thanks for the question and the confidence. Again, I think we are very comfortable with where we are right now. We have good assets, we have good agreements, we have good experience to come up with optimal outcomes for our Ventas shareholders and our tenement operating partners and we continue to use that tool kit really with everyone to make sure that we are coming up with these optimal outcomes that can create positive results for the tenants and also protecting base interest of our Ventas shareholders.
Debra Cafaro: Well, it's not a science, and so that's the experience part where really there are optimal ways and times to take actions and you know our job is to advance and protect the interest of the shareholders while obviously, we have an interest in Brookdale's continued success as well. So, we are on it.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, that's a big question and I'm going to take on a part of it. But, you know, yes you were right about price discovery, I think that we had said and in turn and have proven out in many respects the very keen institutional interest in our asset types in our operators and part again that's because of the demographic demand in the business. But, we are in this changing price environment that relates to a whole health factors including changing rate environment. So, we are pleased with kind of how we've positioned the company so far, we like the idea that we have a 1.5 billion coming in the door expected in 2015, to enhance that right factor and financial strength and flexibility. And, what I want to share is that we wouldn't tend to use those resources in the best way we can to create value for our shareholders. And, it's probably too early to say what those best moves are, but the key thing is to be in the position to have a lot of options and a lot of firepower, and that's where we are. And, that's we are happy about.
Debra Cafaro: Right great question. I mean we have always prided ourselves on being extremely disciplined about portfolio diversification, which we look at in terms of asset type, business moral and operator, among other things. And, I think we have capped to that discipline and investors I think sometimes want us to go more forward one way or another. But, we think our portfolio construction has been very deliberate and I think our mix is actually quite good. Obviously, we have our out of fiscal nursing business, which is I would argue the most significantly challenged as a class in our business. We think the senior housing as I said - we have a high quality SHOP portfolio, that's about 29% of our NOI. And, that is a good percentage I would say as you get benefits, but you clearly go through some sick locality as we work our way through this supply demand finding miss-match. And, then you have the great office and triple net portfolio, about two ferrets of the company right now. And that office portfolio is growing and it's lower kind of wage type business. And, at the end of the day this portfolio construction is really an important priority for us and it is served our shareholders well overtime. And, we believe it's continuing to do so.
Debra Cafaro: Good, right I mean I think you are reading it. We have as I said, we have anticipated in peers for current market and business conditions. We forget about where we are, we continue to evaluate balance sheet and capital allocation and gain portfolio diversification but follow the principles that are long standing ones that we followed for a long time, which is basically five to six times on the balance sheet and kind of strict rules around our portfolio mix. And so, '18 is exactly as you say a continuation of that, and I think the value of that approach is manifest.
Debra Cafaro: Well, he is sitting here with a big smile and that's a good question. So we continue our MOB CEO search and expect to be successful at it and Todd is at the helm and performing all his duties and we expect to have a successful transition of those duties in the course of the beginning of this year.
Debra Cafaro: Great question, I think we are looking at a wonderful slate of very attractive candidate with varied backgrounds. We have prioritized someone who is expert in the healthcare business and has all of Todd's other good qualities and so we will be happy to share more as the search concludes.
Debra Cafaro: I do want to talk about that. So, when we acquired an interest in Ardent West EGI several years ago, clearly cheated up as a really outstanding hospital operator, great assets, great market share and poised to be a consolidator. And, that is definitely happening as we jute up on the board, there's recent opportunity for Ardent to acquire East Texas Medical Centre West University at Texas. This term is a really exciting one and highlights Ardent stability to be a consolidator. I would say that overtime we certainly may have an opportunity to partner on the real estate. The current plan is to acquire the assets and integrate them and we are very supportive of that. Ardent will be more than double the size of when we first started, and be very, very successful. And so we are well positioned overtime to, as we talked about with the LHP asset our recent acquisition and [indiscernible] and then the East Texas Medical, real estate, to become an owner there have. It's a process, yes, particularly with the fact that many of these hospitals have really valuable academic medical center and not so profit system, partnerships and relationships. And so, that is wonderful for the performance of the asset, it's wonderful for market share and pricing and for Ardent it is a process. So, over time as we saw with some of the assets we originally acquired to transition those into successful real estate ownership.
Debra Cafaro: Well I think we are very well positioned right now and what continually gets me excited about coming to work every day is the team that's here. The tremendous company that we've built and while we have done so much over those 20 years as you know, 20 years of 23%, 24% compound annual return, 20 years of growth from a couple of hundred million and equity GAAP. 20 years from 100% Kindred to 6% Kindred, what's exciting is there is so much more to do. Our sector I believe is still in the early stages of a private and public transition. I think it is still under owned in public end, and we continue to see tremendous opportunities in the space and are excited about the demographic demand that we have in our space, that isn't shared by many other real estate spaces and some of the very exciting opportunities that we see ahead.
Debra Cafaro: Okay so, as we've said in the past in terms of our triple-net coverage's, Brookdale's very consistent with the coverage's that we have in the entire portfolio. And in terms of specific trend in that business as we always are careful to do with our public operating partners would encourage you to talk to them about their specific operating results. But, within our portfolio, very consistent with the triple net senior housing reported coverage's.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean we think there are lots of strategic and financial benefits to doing it, we like to diversify our capital forces. We think it would be great to have a recognized global institutional partner there and we are - we believe there's upside in the portfolio, that is valuable and that it's a great opportunity for us to continue to recycle capital and continue building out for example our trophy life science portfolio and ramp up the development pipeline and fund activities like that. So we think it's an excellent opportunity all the way round.
Debra Cafaro: Because Ardent has done well and because it acquired LHP, it acquired another asset and is on track as we've mentioned to acquire East Texas Medical Center. I think in general the idea would be to refinance a more streamlined capital structure for the entire company and it really is a mark of the company's success that we believe it will be able to do so. And that's our expectation and that they will use those proceeds to repay our loan and we would redeploy the proceeds as discussed.
Debra Cafaro: Well, that's a really interesting one because as I said I - as we look across the landscape here, whether it's Florida that's getting new equity funding from ETI to continued its stand or Atria, who's getting equity capital, I would say Kindred is in the same situation. We think it's a real positive that experienced healthcare investors like TPG and Welsh, Carson are putting fresh equity and a significant amount of it into the LTAC and IRF and rehab business with Kindred our leading operator and there will be a substantially, frankly de-levered balance sheet in that situation and as I mentioned we think that the LTAC particularly with its recent news out of Washington on the extended spell would in fact have positive operating trajectory in 2018. So we think the partnership with Kindred and the new private equity firms can create opportunities for us. We have done business with Welsh, Carson before and we really look forward to continuing to work with them and hope there will be opportunities for us together to do more.
Debra Cafaro: Absolutely, I'm glad that you pointed that out. Again, we have a valuable diversified portfolio. We have with Todd, scaled MOB business and in doing so created billions of dollars of value. Assets have grown seven times since we first came together, obviously a very attractive asset class to institutional capital and we're doing the same thing with the University based life science, that is investing early with the winning platform, putting capital behind it and creating value and overtime it's a great option to have and certainly there's great interest in out high quality office portfolio from institutional capital for possible joint ventures.
Debra Cafaro: Great, another great question again. We think about - what we're doing is we are harvesting process and proceeds from successful investments, our immediate gear marking is for those proceeds to de-lever and improve financial strength, which gives us additional dry powder and then as the environment clarifies, obviously we believe that we will be really sound capital allocators and whether and how we would chose to use that dry powder. And there is many, many ways for us to that and you've sited some of them and we would expect to allocate that dry powder if at all to value creating investments which can include a wide range of possibilities including our own equity.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we appreciate the questions and we want to make sure to give everyone their due time today, so I'm going to ask Bob to address that last one.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you. Okay, so I'm glad that you all joined in this morning and want to say, how much we all sincerely appreciate your time, your interest in our call and our comments and in your interest in support of our company. So thank you so much, we look forward to seeing you soon.
