Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Juan and thanks for the question. Obviously, we've had a long-term secular thesis on the hospital business, which we're lucky enough to have begun to execute during the second quarter. We have always been focused on quality, quality real estate, quality at hospital operators and as a owner of the real estate, obviously are very focused on the EBITDA line. And I think it's very important to understand that we see Ardent having a very good third quarter and even HCA, I would tell you, announced earnings on the EBITDA line that were at the high end of its previously provided guidance range. And so there is a lot of stability on that big EBITDA line and that's we look at as we try to think about the hospital business, because we are at the top of the capital structure in what we do. And in addition, we look at this as having a very high coverage ratio in the case of Ardent in the high two to three EBITDA level. So, we believe this could create a good opportunity for us as we've outlined our strategy to help Ardent grow and really build a hospital business with high quality providers and that thesis remains on target. And we believe that some of the volatility in one particular case has to do with an acquisition and it's not really with the underline fundamentals as we've talked about on the EBITDA line. So that's how we think about it and we would be happy to take any follow-up questions that you have.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good morning Smedes. I'm going to turn it over John Cobb. I would say in asset types where perhaps people are bringing lesser [B-ish] (Ph) assets that’s probably where we’re seeing it the most, but John can elaborate.
Debra Cafaro: And we did see sequential increase in occupancy in the third compared to the second in the same-store portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: I don't think you can draw a straight line between those at all, I do think in general in the industry there is 50% or so ED turnover in general and so that is just a fact of life in the industry and so, these are just specific markets where I think we're working with the operators to just improve staffing at the building. So I think those are more typical what I would say industry issue that Bob is describing.
Debra Cafaro: I mean, I think in general, we've taken a conservative or broad approach in terms of what's competitive with our asset across different price point. So that's actually a more conservative slice at looking at developments and I think from time and memorial in real estate you see that when new assets are filling, generally their owners will try to do that on an accelerated basis and that's typically where you see the impact and then that impact tends to evaporate as the new building sells. So, there is nothing different in what we're seeing than what you would normally see in this part of the cycle.
Debra Cafaro: Good question. I think there has been a good level of stickiness on cap rates, because the assets continue to be attractive to institutional capital and international capital, et cetera and that really speaks to the resiliency and the quality and the strong cash flow from assets like we own which is good. We have seen the debt market widen out in terms of spread and we've done a good job over the years of taking advantage of different spots in the capital stack, because we are expert capital providers and that's part of I think to excellence that we bringing and so we are constantly evaluating in our investments decisions across the board, public-to-public, private-to-public, we're in the capital stack mez, bonds, et cetera within the healthcare universe. We believe there are good risk adjusted returns and opportunities and still maintain a diversified portfolio, still have a margin at safety and still the strong balance sheet and so I think there could be a opportunities in that vein and we're constantly as part of our investment team is evaluating those opportunities.
Debra Cafaro: Well we appreciate your saying so. So we work - there is a lot of people here who worked very, very hard to make Ventas excellent and also be responsive and transparent to the investment community and so we appreciate your saying so.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, well that’s a big question, I'll try to answer it briefly. It is fun to be in healthcare right now. I have talked about it as a dynamic sector. 20% of the GDP and like real estate 20% of GDP and we feel lucky to be at the intersection of those. We have a long-term secular thesis in the hospital business, which as I mentioned, we continue to espouse and believe there will be opportunities in this $1 trillion revenue business in the U.S. that is the nerve centre of healthcare, top of the food chain whatever label you would like to put on it and I think there is lots of opportunities there as healthcare continues to evolve those, hospital providers are going to be in the centre of it all with more and more influencing and control over where patients are treated and physicians and so on. So we remain excited about that and I think again, we have a great history in healthcare, we have managed Ventas for the benefit of shareholders through every imaginable reimbursement, capital markets and economic cycles and we have continued to deliver and perform. And so the way we address all of that excitement if you will cross sectors and healthcare is a due we've always done which is to find the operators, invest in the best real estate, have a margin at safety, stay financially strong and flexible and be really, really smart about how we work on diversification, portfolio mix and so on. And I think our hospital investment is evidence of that. Our spin is evidence of that. Our building, the MOB business with Todd is evidence of that. And so everybody has their ups and downs, everybody has their cycles. I think business teaches you to be humble, but at the same time we have demonstrated over and over again that we are good at managing this company for the benefit of shareholders and delivering results.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean look we've always said that we believed that Skilled Nursing Facility and other post-acute have a critical role to play in the delivery of care to seniors in the U.S. and we continue to believe that. I would say that as we go toward bundled payments and things like that I do believe we're going to see the hospital providers controlling a lot more at the dollars, which again plays into our hospital as the nerve centre thesis. And there will be a role clearly for a low cost setting, outpatient care, like we own with the Lillibridge business and that's an important part of the evolution that healthcare, but we do believe that the hospital business is going to continue to influence more and more of where patients go in post-acute settings. And to that point we specifically kept for example Kindred that is a leading post-acute provider in the U.S. and as we see them execute an excellent [indiscernible] around integrated care markets, I think they with the data that they have and the expertise and skill they have will likely be a winner as healthcare continues to evolve. So, long answer, but we believe in the post-acute space, we're happy with the portfolio that we've retained and we do think the hospitals will continue to play a larger role frankly in post-acute care with bundling going forward.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I think what's interesting is that we're hanging our hat more on Kindred as the leading post-acute provider with this very evolved, integrated care strategy in their market where they can be a one-stop shop for post-acute patients in any setting as they are discharged from the hospital. And so that's what we like about the Kindred story.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, it's an apples-to-apples comparison. We have always had normalized FFO, net of transaction cost, because obviously we exclude forward transactions from our guidance and if we simply stop doing transactions that cost would go away. So, we are trying to give investors the clearest indication of the underlined performance of the company. So that's why we started doing it year ago and why we had continued to do it on a consistent basis.
Debra Cafaro: Well again as I mentioned, we are disciplined investors and I think we have the opportunity to move around the wheel in terms of our diverse asset type that we have and so that's a real benefit to us, but we've really identified the kinds of activity that we think will be value creating and we're at the strategic, great real-estate, we are helping the customer and so on and so acquisition volume is always difficult to predict which is why we don't it, but we have acquired probably I don't know $3 billion plus a year over the past consistently over the past years and we will know what our volume is as we evaluate opportunities and see which one of them we think create good value for our shareholders.
Debra Cafaro: We had originally I think talked in the beginning at the year about half a billion potentially for 2015. So we've well exceeded that with the $700 million year-to-date, so we feel good about that and we will continue to try to be thoughtful and good capital allocation includes, reviewing assets for sale and we'll continue to try to do a good job there as we look into 2016 as well.
Debra Cafaro: I mean, I think our experience with Brookdale is very consistent with their publically reported information.
Debra Cafaro: That's a very consistent process we follow to rollout guidance and there is lot of work involved to do so and we will be happy to share that with you when it's ready.
Debra Cafaro: Can I just return to the prior thing, I mean obviously we have a lot of our triple net senior housing portfolio with Brookdale and this is second quarter data. So again, I think it's pretty much consistently following the publically announced comments from Brookdale that has an outside impact and again we believe they are going to get that back on track and so we feel good about that portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: At some point theoretically, but again it's a trailing 12 months number through the second quarter and it’s been pretty consistent there at 1.3.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I think it's interesting, Bob comes from a marketing type companies and consumer products. And I think it's fair to say that we’re still somewhat neanderthal in our industry from his standpoint about how the market and improved market share, and I think his experience is going to help us and our operators to get better at that. But it's really interesting. I think the industry has incredible opportunities to sell the value proposition of what we are offering in senior housing. The wellness benefits to a senior of not being isolated, which has been deemed to be more dangerous than smoking. And also to sell - in selling the value proposition to charge for the kind of tier that’s being delivered to. In many cases high acuity residents. So that’s the big opportunity. I think you see also the opportunity for sales and marketing efforts which are really all kidding aside that’s very rudimentary levels Brookdale is now of course rolling out its new marketing campaign which is I don’t know if you have seen it, but it's quite good. And I think we have opportunities again on selling that value proposition and more sophisticated local and national marketing to really making impact on penetration.
Debra Cafaro: It's been relative constant and again as Bob pointed out 1% of penetration sells up all the open units in the whole country. So it is a real opportunity and hopefully the industry will be successful in moving that as we look to this next five year period. So we've to move on Jordan sorry.
Debra Cafaro: Let's just take that last one first, which is I do think because of the quality and experience Ardent's management team, it's scalable platform. We do have an opportunity to grow and consolidate with Ardent just as we did the Lillibridge MOB business, just as we've done with the Atria. But I also believe that we are going to build as we have in these other businesses a business and the inbound calls really are where we could work with the quality hospital system to really do some of sort of sale lease back transaction with them, and that would be a separate way for us to grow that business. As then in terms of the hospital again being the nerve centre of healthcare delivery, we do believe that the hospitals will play an increasingly large role as these different segments or sites of care start to convert in a post HCA world, and the hospital will be more influential and where the patient goes where comes from, where it goes, et cetera and that's part of why we want to align with that giant, very influential industry as you well know as we continue to invest in healthcare, we think that's a very important piece of the overall holistic delivery of healthcare and that they are at the top of the food chain. So, that's one thing and then in terms of - we look at this as really owning a market if you will of real-estate and not only the core hospitals but also the feeder and out-patient facilities that the hospitals may own, because healthcare has provided has holistically. And so, we would imagine that in that overall system because of demographics, because of improving economy, because of more insured patients, we're going to capture bigger volumes overtime.
Debra Cafaro: Our focus is really on the quality of the operator and the real-estate and their position in the market just like we've sort of done our MOB business where we've really done business with the best and 89% of our NOI comes from investment grades, hospitals, affiliations and HCA. So, it's really more of the quality of the opportunities that we get presented that will drive how big that piece of pie can get and the timing of our growth in that business.
Debra Cafaro: An improved relative cost of capital and what I mean by that is simply when you strip out market tinges say in the REIT market that multiple improved and so it's just as simple as that.
Debra Cafaro: I would say that the rating agencies have acknowledged in our conversations with them that we have a higher quality, more private paid portfolio that is very attractive and so I think we agree on that.
Debra Cafaro: Again, the hospital sector is very gigantic and Todd has about 400 clients, so I won't go down his call list, but it's both type I would say as we've mentioned before there is not for profit, there is for profit, there is publicly traded for profit, there is private equity backed for profit. So this is all across the board and so I think what the opportunity we have is really to show how we can really provide capital to high quality operators that will help them run their business better, we'll help them grow, we'll help them consolidate market share and then they would use those proceeds for sort of income producing, consolidation, adding debt covers, that type of thing, I see all the kinds of high returning activities that a hospital can do.
Debra Cafaro: I think it's too early to tell but I do believe in this long-term secular thesis and I do believe in the recent activities and excitement in our space will give us greater opportunities and we'll be patient, we will look for quality and we'll look to win with the winners as we have every other segment so thank you.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Great, well thanks for bearing with us guys. We really appreciate as always your time and attention. It was an incredibly productive quarter and we can’t wait to see and move on the 9th and the 10th. Thank you so much.
Robert Probst: Yes Juan, this is Bob. Let me start with the change in methodology, because I think that frames the conversation. What we've done is, we've looked at population density to determine what the appropriate rings are and traditionally we looked at our trade area of three mile radius. We think in many markets a seven mile radius makes more sense, in the top highest density market three mile s continues to make sense for us, but we've fined it to reflect for less dense market that have a broader ring, which we think is appropriate. Against that backdrop, we've looked at what are the openings that we've seen in that context in the last 12 months in our markets, and on that basis there are select markets and I highlighted for example, Houston as an example where we have seen an impact and that is affecting our performance. However, today as we look at the quarter, the supply issue really doesn't expand more broadly than that. I think quoted roughly 5% of our business really has been affected as you look at those rings. As we look through the windshield we look forward based on start as that’s based on - opening is based on starts. We highlighted we do see obviously an impact and indeed we've updated our supplemental to reflect that as you look on page 13 you'll see how we've refined that. But against that as we look at the market and say based on construction, where do we think we’re, we see 70% of our portfolio 70 where we don't see an excess supply situation. Obviously that imply through our markets where there is a supply challenge and to the Atlanta point that would be one, but there are others. Nonetheless, we think 70% is insulated and that really plays to the high barrier to entry market that we participate in. So it is a market-by-market conversation and we think we've refined the analysis as we address it this quarter.
Robert Probst: We've really looked at what is the underlying absorption rate in a market and taking into account not only obsolescence, but population growth and penetration and against that where do we think we have more than the normal absorption rate. And we've ball parked that around the 3% sort of range. So we look at that as a threshold against which more than that would really start to become an excess situation. So that’s how we viewed it.
Robert Probst: Right, well if you look at the same-store P&L in the quarter, you'll see revenue and expenses largely growing in line with each other, margin as a consequence roughly in line. We do see wage pressure I mean we've talked about that before, the challenge and the opportunities continue to drive productivity against that and have been largely successful on doing that. So as a result, holding in line the rates and the expenses that will vary as you segment the markets and you look quarter-to-quarter there is always some lumpiness inherent in there, but generally speaking, we've nailed to hold that in line.
Robert Probst: Sure Smedes. We highlighted last quarter as you recall that we expected to be modestly above six times as a consequences of the spin, which was a leveraging event at 6.1 times where we we’re expected to be. At the time, we talked about just having multiple gloves in our bag and those continue to be available to us. We highlighted some additional disposals in the quarter that’s certainly something we will continue to evaluate. Obviously we have underlying cash flow that can delever naturally overtime and then equity obviously is an option. So, we are not in a rush, we are patient, the good news is we have great liquidity, I highlighted our maturity profile, the availability under the revolver, and so we want to make sure we're opportunistic and patient and do the right thing. So, pretty much right at where we thought we would be.
Robert Probst: Yes, thanks for the question. I highlighted two different drivers in the quarter that were driving some of the weakness and the primary one was more I call it asset specific factors and I highlighted Chicago, Atlanta, Jacksonville. One of the themes if you look within these markets at specific assets that can have a material impact is ED turnover, the executive director at the local level. I mean if they are strong they leave that can have an impact in the short run on occupancy and indeed we saw that in all three of those markets that I highlighted and that was a significant driver. I mentioned the overall same-store performance was affected by a 150 basis points by the performance in those three markets, so you can see that can have a material impact on the overall. Obviously we then talked about the fact, the job is to make sure that we are continuing to work to fill those slots with great people and address the other issues that are "non-supply related" and that's where the operational excellence of leading our operators like Atria can really come to shine. So we're working hand-in-hand with our operators to make sure we address those issues as they arise.
Robert Probst: Well look I think naturally in the portfolio of multiple assets, you are always going to have some issues right. And I also highlighted the fact that we have I call them the engine of growth in our core markets, 60% of business which has consistently performed very strongly, New York at 7% in the quarter would be the case study of that. For the specific asset issues, absolutely we're working to address those and in some cases we've already taken action. I wouldn't want to pretend that's all going to be fixed in a day or in a quarter, it takes time to address these issues, but as I think about them they are transitory, there are things we can address, there are things where you have leading operators to drive great performance, we are having great staffing, consistent systems, great recruitment and those are the ways that the winners can win in the industry. So, we are absolutely working on it, in these markets particularly we hope to see improvement, but I don't want to pretend it's going to be tomorrow.
Robert Probst: Yes, Thanks. Inherently in the outlook we gave for the full-year, we're assuming we're going to have some modest growth sequentially in occupancy third quarter to fourth quarter and against that to be able to hold our rate. The spot to your point, spot performances would just suggest that's a reasonable assumption. I think it's important to highlight that we will see some year-on-year challenges, we had some non-recurring benefits in the prior year that were going to be lapping. So that's inherent in that forecast as well, I think the underlying sort of revenue profile though will be solid and very consistent with what we saw this quarter.
Robert Probst: Well, I would start with the couple with the factors. We highlighted 70% of our portfolio today. We think is insulted based on the methodology that I described and we do have a great portfolio in that regard. That said, 30%, certainly does have exposure and we've seen that trend up as NIC has highlighted, no question about it. So what are we doing against that? I mentioned operational excellence is one way to really partner with the legs of the Atria to drive outperformance, so this is also about share gain. I think there is an opportunity to drive penetration. We've talked a lot about the value proposition of senior housing and how we need to make sure that's well understood. At 10% penetration it doesn't take more than one point of penetration growth to fill all the building in the United States. So that's clearly an opportunity. I mean at the same time, we have to think about portfolio strategy and how we think about our markets and our assets in that context and all of those things as we play our portfolio that as we look forward we think are going to be necessary and important. That said, we like senior housing, we like the SHOP business, we like our operators, we like our position and we are bullish on continuing to drive growth in that business.
Robert Probst: Yes, I highlighted the - short answer yes. I highlighted the Kindred releasing benefit that is coming to an end October 1, so you will cycles out of that in the fourth quarter. Even without that you are above 3% and that’s above where were previous CCP spin. So it demonstrates accelerated growth there.
Robert Probst: Rich it's Bob. It's a little bit tough to kind of what you way through that because there is Kindred impact I described which cycled out October 1. If you take that out and you look to other performance in the quarter we are in aggregate well above 3% and in triple net above 4%.
Robert Probst: And it was 2% to 3%. I think as we step back and think about when you look sort of like-for-like overtime what’s the differential in growth rates in triple net as a consequence of the spin, we could see something in the sort of neighbourhood of 40 basis points as a good proxy. So, when you kind of cut through it all that's how we think about it.
Robert Probst: Sure, yes, there is really a couple of key factors there, one is obviously we closed Ardent in the quarter and so we had the deal cost associated with that. And then secondly we had obviously the spin separation related cost on that, both of those we kind of consider our transactional expenses.
Robert Probst: Right, exactly we had not included the spin costs as you recall in the last call, but plans to do so once we have spun it out. So those two really are what is driving that difference, it’s obviously focused in the third quarter where all the action happened.
Robert Probst: Correct, we were explicitly excluding the impact of CCP. We gave you the dimensions of it in terms of $0.20 to $0.22 that quarter, but we didn't give the specifics particularly around things like transaction separation costs.
Robert Probst: Good question. I think we feel on the base case pretty solid. I think we mentioned we're continuing to do something to try to drive growth and that's going to result in some over under. So it might be overly wide to your point, but I think we want to leave ourselves a little bit of flexibility. So, I think run rate as I kind of go back to - if you look at the underlying run rate, we feel pretty confident in the fourth quarter revenue line and kind of we're that's going to come out.
Robert Probst: Yes, look I think where there is new supply that comes online, there will be an impact. There is no question about it and that will look different than the New York City and where you have and continue to see consistent growth, what's that spread it’s not something I would want to call today, but I assume it will be a differential. I think the thing we keep coming back to is to say the core engine is performing well, we like that. Our job is to make sure we continue to look at that other pieces there and how we can address that and to quantify that at this stage would be tough.
Robert Probst: Yes. So it has changed, you are absolutely correct. The 4.1% is on the methodology as I described earlier with seven mile and three mile range, the old methodology was three only. On the three only basis we would have been at 3.2%.
Robert Probst: Yes on a three mile basis, so like-for-like 3.2% last quarter 3.2% this quarter. So trend wise under the old methodology no change.
Robert Probst: And I would only add in more segmented offerings, so you don't have just sort of one size fits all, but you have different types of offers whether it would be by type as we've talked a lot about AL, et cetera, but also by price point amenities sort of environment and bringing some of those learning from other industry leaving even within REITs that have done that well. So I think those are all opportunities.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi. So, not that everybody [indiscernible] a couple of questions on that also. If we look at your portfolio today where the construction is, it doesn't look too concerning, but the general start cadence has been moving up, and up, and up for the last four or five quarters. What's your general view and concerns about, if we've look out 12 months 24 months - further down the line or how concerned are you about to supply getting I would say out of hand or just significantly higher than where we are today.
Daniel Bernstein: Have you seen any current new developments start to struggle and discount against your properties at this point, I mean the other I guess related to question to that would be, if we can get really granular on the construction that's out there, what kind of price point are those assets that relative to your assets in those markets. I mean I think that's not just a level of construction, but what's being built out there as well that I would like to hear about relative to your portfolio
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. I appreciate that. Not a question, but just a general comment. Thank you for expanded information on the senior housing portfolio and the supplement on website is very helpful. Thank you.
Todd Lillibridge: Tayo this is Todd. We continue to control given our platform, our expense line. I think we've done that you year-over-year consistently around our controllable. I think you are seeing that here in the third quarter which again we continue to see and we’ll see that really throughout the balance of this year.
Todd Lillibridge: Well as Bob alluded we are modified our guidance. So, we see ourselves in that 2.5% to 3% range, I think we will be at the upper end of that range by year end and we see that range going into 2016 as well.
Todd Lillibridge: No, not as we it now, except for the fact I think we're going to see some significant redevelopment opportunities in our portfolio next year.
