Bob Probst: Sure, Nick, it's Bob. Let me start with the cadence of conversations with the operator, which I would describe as very regular. Our asset management teams are in – I don’t recall a constant contact with our operators. What absolutely is the fact is – the market changed pretty rapidly in the third quarter. And even the boots on the ground as I described the operators were surprised by the nature of the change. And particularly, the occupancy trend in September, which we highlighted in the prepared remarks. And so it's really that dislocation as we then review the outlook – the entry into Q4, the outlook for the year that changed and those circumstances changes pretty rapidly. So what are we doing about it, the second part of the question. Certainly at an operational level, all of the operators are actively engaged in, I'd call them, asset-by-asset recovery plans, very much focused on revenue. And we continue to engage with them on that. At a portfolio level, clearly, there are different options we have, including selective dispositions of potential underperformers as we look forward and see the profile in various submarkets. Capital investments, clearly, as we think about ways to continue to compete and be competitive in select markets. And continue to invest behind opportunities that drive growth. So it's the same playbook as you would expect and I see the frequency of dialogue is very, very regular.
Bob Probst: Great. So if you back up to our guidance earlier in the year and then reaffirms last quarter, in the last half of last year, the second half of last year 2018, we did see aggressive price discounting and we saw the releasing spreads widen in the second half as a consequence. And we saw occupancy sequentially grow nearly 80 basis points in the third quarter last year. So that was the backdrop. In that context, all of our operators consistently believe the ability to price, I'd say, more surgically in this second half, and therefore, not have a significant discounting environment and have an improved narrowed releasing spread. That was the predicate of the prior guidance. What indeed has happened is and it's really, I call it the cumulative effect of the openings that have been coming online over the course of time has driven that to be more price competitive, more widespread in the discounting. And therefore, as you see in our rate, sequentially, a softening in REVPOR as opposed to growth in a year-over-year wider releasing spreads rather than narrower. So, fundamentally, in the third quarter, that was a change both in the market and versus our expectation.
Bob Probst: Yeah. I mean – Michael, thanks for your question. I'm not sure I totally understand it, but in terms of…
Bob Probst: Yeah. I'll also address a bit of your first question. The lower finishing point this year is now embedded in our outlook and the implication for, therefore, 2020 is real. I mean the start point of where you finish as we're seeing in the fourth quarter fundamentally determines where we are in 2020 and we've lowered that start point. So that’s a fundamental input obviously into 2020. Let's use the midpoint for easy math sequentially to the second part of the question which is a $0.96 in third quarter becomes $0.91 and $0.92 with rounding depending if you round up or 9 run down in the fourth and what's driving that and number one most notably is SHOP and property. And that is the largest driver. We highlighted in the third quarter, we also had a term fee in R&I of roughly a $0.01. And between those two things, therefore, property and that term fee, you bridge the gap. So that’s the sequential midpoint description. And again the range is really predicated principally on the SHOP revenue out turn in the fourth quarter.
Bob Probst: Well, so yeah. That was I mean, Colin, it was in the third. And Le Groupe Maurice is expected to be breakeven in 2019.
Bob Probst: So, I think you're – those are reflected. And so, Bob, simplification of third to fourth are the – represent the principal drivers.
Bob Probst: Well, I'd really be delighted to do that, and we are going to do that in a disciplined way with all the components when we give our 2020 guidance as we historically have done in the first quarter. And so done in the first quarter. And so I know I'm asking you to be patient with us, but that is a disciplined process that we have historically gone through after we see how the year ends. We want the guidance to be ready and reliable. And so I would encourage us to talk about it when we give 2020 guidance in the first quarter with all the parts that you're looking for.
Bob Probst: Yeah. Well, you rightly say. We knew supply was coming. That’s not news to us. I think it's the cumulative impact of what we've been seeing over the last years, which seems to have taken a bigger impact. Made the market tougher particularly on selling. And then within that how our operators and others compete particularly on price. It seems they have become tougher in the quarter. It is clearly thematically when you look at the NIC data which again is the only industry data that we see, there was some sequential occupancy growth. Ours in fact was better than that. We look Q2 and Q3. But both pricing as measured by NIC and occupancy continued to be flattish or challenged. So, without better industry data than that, it's hard to say really overall for the market. But certainly in our portfolio in the markets in which we compete, we did see a change and how we need to compete to that needs to change.
Bob Probst: Yeah. Well, it's always important to know that the openings in the quarter though important, it's not a flash to bang that's immediate. It takes time for those to lease up. And historically, we've talked about 18 to 24 months. I don't know if that rule of thumb applies anymore simply because the cumulative amount of new openings has been so significant over the last couple of years. So, I would not – I would point to the cumulative impact as opposed to some elevation in the quarter itself. Then how folks compete, by definition, new openings come in the market in the submarket. The whole submarket for those existing operators will see an occupancy drop. It's kind of – on a pro-rata basis. It’s then how do you compete within that. And I would say in certain geographies, we did lose share. I think it's fair to say and hence back to the asset-by-asset view of how do we compete in pricing within that most notably. And secondary markets, if I were to point to markets, where we saw – again, these are perhaps more price sensitive markets as well but also, where the deliveries came first. That is where we’re seeing the greatest price competition and the greatest impact on REVPOR to releasing – and NOI. So, hopefully that answers your question.
Bob Probst: Yeah, Mike, I'll call it the operational strategy, certainly incorporates more aggressive pricing in the fourth quarter and an effort to win that resident and so that is definitely in the plans as distinguished by what I'll call them at the overall portfolio level, actions that we can take which you rarely mention. So at the operating level, at the asset level, pricing is critical for us to compete in changes of the trajectory.
Bob Probst: Yes, by definition and that was one of the three predicates of why the guidance is different for us than our assumption. Again last second half of last year were widespread discounting, expectation by our operators and us and others I believe that, that would be more targeted in the third quarter in the back half of this year, and that’s not what we're seeing, quite the opposite, a widening in a more competitive market in the pricing, so quite different.
Bob Probst: So we're still alive and kicking. So you're not beating a dead horse. In terms of a triple net, I would just say that as we said at the beginning of the year and in Bob's remarks that some of the – all of the $10 million net impact in NOI on the discrete set of assets that we've talked about is in non-same store and FFO, and therefore outside of the triple net pool. And we had talked about that I think at the beginning of the year when we made the simplifying assumption around the net $10 million.
Bob Probst: Yeah. During that – yeah. To keep it simple, I'd say, the fourth quarter impact is approximately $4 million and $10 million is the 2019 impact.
Bob Probst: Yes. So 5.9 really a function of the close of LGM in the quarter so very much as anticipated, very much within the range of five or six that we've operated within a long time. So, we're quite comfortable there. We did not incrementally do ATM in the quarter. We had, last earnings call, described a little that we did early on in the third quarter, but we didn't do any after that. Simply, we didn't have uses, so that's the rationale. But we're very – we’re comfortable with where we are.
Bob Probst: Yes, Steve. So, a nice thing to talk about – I'm happy to talk about the OpEx. We grew OpEx year-on-year in the third by 1.8%. What continues clearly is underlying wage pressure, kind of mid-single digit sort of range when you look at a per-hour basis, and we've described how consistently we've been able to manage that number by staffing operating model at the asset level, procurement and managing indirect costs and, as a consequence, keeping that overall growth below 2%, and that is year to date pretty consistently what we’ve seen across the portfolio. Now, clearly, if and if the economy continues as is and if continue labor pressure in wages in the mid-single digits range, we’ll need to run that same playbook to keep the OpEx in the range that we've had. But it's been – I give lots of credit to our operators doing a fantastic job on managing the OpEx base and keeping that below the inflation.
Bob Probst: Well, I think – first of all, there – I won't point to any bad actors say for example, there's not one or two that are driving the market. I think again, when there's a cumulative significant amount of new openings, of course you have the new building opening which it's quite rational to be aggressive on price to fill up the building which is a relatively small investment relative to the cost of building and in opening the community. So, that's not irrational. That certainly drives price competition. And that's not a new insight. We've seen widening releasing spreads kind of talked in the mid to high single-digit range lower or declines. And that has accelerated. So, I'd say just taking what we've seen and amping it up, amping it up. And again not because of any one factor, I think but the cumulative impact of what's happened over the last years.
Bob Probst: And then I think the key point that we're all trying to sort of isolate is you've had the confidence to be able to tell the market today we're not going to grow FFO in 2020 based on our trajectory of SHOP that we experienced in the second half and likely some element of what we expect for SHOP next year. And we're going to – please hold off until January when we'll give you all the details. I think some of the other pieces in coming to that comment like $2 billion of investment, that's where I think we're trying to put the pieces to the puzzle together to at least understand you coming and making the declaration of no growth for next year, what does that mean? Does that mean that you should assume zero acquisitions which is by the way historically the way you used to do guidance versus Investor Day were you layered that into your growth profile? And so I think there are some – it's like apples and oranges, and I think we're all just trying to understand the meaning of your growth and what's embedded generally speaking in that, what's in and what's not.
Bob Probst: And I would only add that the coverage of [indiscernible] is not 100% of the country to certain geographies. So, the representative, I think not complete.
Bob Probst: Yeah. So, it is a significant change and it was significant even within the quarter and most notably in September. And that was a trend which is true across all the operators that we have in our SHOP portfolio. And at least in my experience, it’s pretty unprecedented. So, it's not specific to a geography either. We saw, again, I mentioned secondary and tertiary markets where more supply has come online earlier, is where we see the most acute impact. But even in primary markets, you see similar trends. So, that's why I keep coming back [ph] Chad to this notion of a cumulative effect. Is it a capitulation of some kind or not? Only time will tell. But it is notable in that in its consistency as we look at it in different ways.
Michael Bilerman: Well, I guess, I mean, just from the standpoint of the Street right now as a $3.93, you're going to do $3.83 for earnings this year, right? So, the Street was expecting up $0.10, which is probably somewhere realm of where you thought you were going to get growth in FFO. Now, you're saying you're not going to have FFO growth and, well, there's two parts of it, right? It's getting slower into the year because you've had very weak SHOP results. So, the run rate is lower. That accounts for, I don't know, I don't know if that's $0.05 or $0.10. And in addition, I don't know how much cadence you have for 2020 SHOP. And I know you're not giving 2020 guidance. But I don't know how much of your perspectives have changed in making the statement that you're going to defer to earnings growth, right. So, arguably the number for next year is going to be below 383. And I'm just trying to piece together how much of that is the weakness that you have in the second half of this year what you experienced in the third quarter and what you're forecasting in the fourth quarter. And how much of it is a change to how you're looking at 2020.
Michael Bilerman: Yeah. And I understand that once you go down SHOP in the lease term fee, but you bought a significant amount of assets, you did the loan on colony, you raised equity in June that was a creative, like all of that should – you get debt refinancing, all of that should help sequentially.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it's Mike Billman 00:59:57 again here with Nick. I was wondering just, Debra you mentioned as you talked about 2020 a steady state and the deferral of the growth from an enterprise, from an FFO perspective next year largely was driven by the SHOP change, which we spent a lot of time talking about on the call. One of the things you talked about in the Investor Day was having $2 billion of net investment volumes. And then I just wanted to understand, when you're walking back the growth for next year, does that still assume $2 billion of net investment volumes.
Michael Bilerman: Well, I'm just trying to piece together, and maybe the bigger question is this is an unfortunate situation that you have to walk back, and SHOP is much weaker.
Michael Bilerman: Right. And so I want to make sure that when you said steady state, so in your comment about growth for next year, would exclude net investment activity – your comment about not getting the growth, does that – is that include – because obviously, that could be accretive to numbers. And I just want to forget about all the other components. That to me is a major one because it could get anywhere from $0.05 to $0.10 to earnings if you're buying $2 billion of assets financed accretively. So that – because that to me seems like a major one just to make sure we understand.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. I mean basically what we want to do is address 2020 and our guidance and all the components when we normally do in the first quarter. And when we do that we want to have some of the key underpinnings of that including the 2020 budget, the rate letters, and so on, and see where we end the year. So, I would just defer that conversation. We want to give you the guidance and the parts when the guidance is ready and reliable for 2020. And that'll be in the first quarter.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, in terms of the triple-net portfolio, we've given our expectations for 2019 with approximately a net $10 million impact. We're materially on track for that. In terms of looking forward, again that's a part of the 2020 guidance that we want to provide to you when we provide all of our guidance and we have a significant amount of our triple-net Senior Housing tenants. The likes of which is the largest one which obviously has a very significant ability to pay rent. And that's a large portion of the Senior Housing triple net and many other operators who have other credit in our coverage, where we feel comfortable with the go forward rent obligations.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Thanks, Rich. I'll let Bob here follow on. But basically, right now, our real focus is closing out 2019 in the way that we've outlined here today, taking steps to improve performance and also position us for the upside in senior housing. Obviously, to the extent that – and we want to get a good 2020 and we want to have it be given to you, which you deserve when it's ready and it's reliable. And there are many inputs that will go into that. And so, obviously, to the extent that our 2020 outlook has changed, due to changing circumstances, that would have implications for the five-year outlook.
Debra Cafaro: Right, right, and as a result even though sequentially we grew more than neck in the third quarter, we did not build occupancy with the seasonal lift and power that we would typically. see as a result.
Debra Cafaro: Remember, we talked about it being a simplifying assumption within. But we’ve noted that if there were dispositions or transitions, then it moves to another category. And that's what we've called out this quarter.
Debra Cafaro: No. It's the 2019 number and it started in the back half of the year principally and is $4 million in the fourth. So that's not an annualized number.
Debra Cafaro: I'm going to turn that over to my colleague John Cobb, who’s on the ground, our Chief Investment Officer.
Debra Cafaro: We have a great competitive position in the university research and innovation business, and John and the team, are doing everything humanly possible to maximize that competitive advantage that we have.
Debra Cafaro: I mean, there’s been some new competitors. There’s always been competitors in all the industries that we play in. It just happens to be there’s a little bit more right now in life science, a couple private equity [ph] have formed some funds. But it's no different than, that I would say, in the last six months. I mean, it's always been competitive, it's just become a little bit more price compression.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. So, you're right. We did call out 100 basis point impact to the Q3 result from ESL. Thematically, what drove the ESL result is not different than what I talked about overall in terms of occupancy and pricing. I’d say a couple of things that are unique or discrete in this case. One is the footprint, which tends to be more secondary, tertiary markets. And two is ESL still I would say in the process of implementing new models as it has had these assets and taken them over including a new pricing model, which in the midst of, in the context of the tough market, made it even tougher for ESL in particular. But generally thematically, the drivers are the same.
Debra Cafaro: Well, I would say the industry irregardless of or irrespective of business model is the industry. So, to the extent that the triple-net operators are seeing the same market conditions and cash flow at the assets as a similar profile, then, yes, that would have a impact on coverage. As you know, we report on a delayed basis in terms of coverage, and we haven't got yet the results from all our operators for triple-net, so too early to say. But clearly, the underlying market is what drives ultimately that number.
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, I would say in a normal market, if you're looking at EBITDA coverage over a long period of time, you would want to see those in the 1.2% to 1.3% range, maybe 1.1% to 1.3%, which is where we are. Over time, it really depends how you address different things depending on what the circumstances are, what the credit is, whether it's – whether they're pooled leases, what other credit supports you may have and so on. And those really determine how you would approach the situation if coverage becomes more compressed. We've talked about how we've addressed to the street pool of those in 2019, and I think very effectively, and at the largest percentage of this pool of triple-net senior housing operators, we're quite comfortable with.
Debra Cafaro: I'll touch on the LTAC, when the LTAC was literally a matter of basis points that made the round change driven by both rent in and the asset performance, but it's literally around, so there's no fundamental change in the LTACs.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah, roughly 10% on a number, a little bit less of the SHOP portfolio is what they represent. Clearly as you say 100 basis points is a big impact. And so that year-over-year performance is double digits down. It's just by definition the math. So quite materially and quite – quite material and quite notable. But again, it comes back to the same drivers. I would highlight again, secondary and tertiary type business models, slightly lower margins as a consequence of lower outpour in dollars, so a bit more operating leverage as well.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. Again, in terms of looking at 2020 and giving guidance or expectations and the components thereof, I am – I feel very responsible to all of you to do so when that is ready and reliable. I couldn’t feel more strongly about that Michael as you can imagine. In terms of the deferral of enterprise growth, I would say that when I said steady state, it's simply what we have now, if you want to think about that.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. It's amazing to be at this stage and grade and still be learning good lessons I would say that again, we've always been known over long periods of time to be reliable and to be forthright. And those are values we hold dear. I would say that one of the lessons is certainly that in a dynamic market like we have now, we have to be disciplined even if people are asking for information earlier or more detailed information, we have to be more disciplined to make sure we have all the inputs that we believe are necessary to have confidence in what we are telling you. And that lesson is reinforced by today. And I – we have – we feel and have a deep responsibility to you and to our shareholders and to all of our stakeholders, and we – that's how I would characterize really what we will do differently going forward and what we've learned.
Debra Cafaro: Right. And what we can say is that that growth will be deferred. We – there is a significant amount obviously that is driven by our senior housing. And with respect to the rest of it, we do want to come back to you at the right time and give you some of the more underpinnings of a range…
Debra Cafaro: I mean we’re – as I said, and you've interpreted correctly Michael, in terms of steady state, we're just thinking about effectively organic without additional acquisitions, dispositions, capital markets etcetera.
Debra Cafaro: Well, we are certainly focused first and foremost on delivering the 2019 we've outlined here. And we will absolutely the whole team is committed to working as hard as possible to improve performance and to get the benefits of senior housing upside, external acquisitions and so on. You have our commitment for that.
Debra Cafaro: Right. I mean there is a definite balance here because the leading indicators in senior housing continue to be very positive. There is a powerful upside in senior housing. We certainly can always optimize the portfolio and do things to improve performance. We also want to be there and have our shareholders be there to enjoy that powerful upside as it materializes. So there definitely is a balance there as you’ve pointed out.
Debra Cafaro: Again, that’s, I mean Bob talked about Ardent’s performance which has been good, that investment has done very, very well. And our new Montreal investment of course has five assets underway that we'll continue to invest in. So there are many good aspects of the portfolio in the enterprise that are going very well. And we can obviously continue to build on those strengths while we also address where we are in senior housing.
Debra Cafaro: Well, on the one side, on rate, I would tell you that the rate from NIC is not effective rate, it's not REVPOR. We really disregard it. It's the rack rate basically. So I think that that really should be kind of off the table. In terms of occupancy sequentially, we built occupancy 40 basis points, they built it 20, the difference is a year-over-year comparison
Debra Cafaro: Well, again as we talked about as it relates to 2020, we're not factoring in any of that in the conversation that we've had today. Over the past several years, we've been quite judicious about our senior housing investments. The vast, vast, vast majority of our investment activity has been in growing R&I pipeline and obviously non-US Montreal based for example the LGM investment. And so I would say our expectation about investments is really based on a case by case basis. We remain positive on the fundamental long-term growth in the senior housing business. But we've been very judicious about our investments in the senior housing business over the past couple of years.
Debra Cafaro: Well we've talked about this before, and I would say that we hope to continue building our university-based research and innovation business where we expect to have excellent risk adjusted returns. We've always thought that SHOP should be in the US certainly, somewhere between 20% and 35% and that's been consistent over time. And I would continue to endorse diversification in all its manifestations which again has the company is really benefiting from right now as you've seen the outperformance from office. Some of the healthcare triple-net lease business and so on.
Debra Cafaro: I think as Bob said, if this is an outgrowth of earlier development in secondary market that's now being felt, we want to make sure that we're taking operational action, pricing decisions and so on to compete effectively in the market while also preserving that powerful upside. And so those may be the first two to change on a positive note, and we will look at all of those markets and all those assets on a case by case basis both operationally and strategically. So I don't think your conclusion is really directionally how we're thinking about it.
Debra Cafaro: Yeah. I think it's all the above, to be honest with you. It's not again specific to anyone, at least as we see as anyone, operator or owner. It's more of an industry commentary than anything and geography specific conversation.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. That foreign distinction -- yeah, absolutely. It's definitely AL. Again, that's where the supply has come. And where the starts have gotten the lowest which is...
Debra Cafaro: So I wanted to thank everyone for their patience and participation in this call. As Michael eloquently said, we are aligned and are committed to working as hard as we can on behalf of our shareholders as we always have. And we really appreciate your continued support and trust. So we look forward to seeing you in November. Thank you.
Jordan Sadler: How are you? I'm not going to beat a dead horse. Can you – can we switch over to the triple net portfolio the same-store NOI growth there, guidance for the full year moved up pretty significantly by about 125 basis points I think at the midpoint. What sort of that – driving the change there? I feel that's like a pretty stable predictable business.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. So that's out. How much of the $10 million in adjustments is crystallized at this point? Last quarter, I think you'd said $3 million, Bob. And then what is – what's the annualized impact of the total $10 million as…
Jordan Sadler: …annualized impact of the $10 million adjustment, so the incremental adjustment to 2020, for example, the annualized impact from the $10 million adjustments will be $25 million. So an incremental $15 million the next year.
Jordan Sadler: Right. So I'm just curious if you annualized, what the rent adjustments were, right? So annualized rents are…
