Debra Cafaro: Great question. I think the most overriding theme on the investment front is that we continue to see a very high volume and pace and variety of investment opportunities. And that's evidenced by the range of investments we have described to you on the call. And we -- the principle of Ventas business continues to be in the U.S., where I would say we have great opportunities because of the fragmented market here and the fact that we still are in early innings in terms of the privately held assets migrating into public hands. We are still early in that versus some of the other re-sectors and that's a huge opportunity domestically. And then, we do have -- we have seen an increase in activity and opportunities outside the U.S. And we are selectively targeting certain jurisdictions and working on those types of transactions as well.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. So if you look at that let's call it $1 billion, $1.1 billion of acquisitions, I would say that you could categorize them in a couple of ways. You would see kind of debt development and redevelopment on a cash basis being in and slightly above may be the 8-ish range plus or minus on a cash basis, a little bit higher on GAAP. And then on triple-net senior housing, I think you're going to see closer to 6 with the GAAP deals a little bit higher. So what I would tell you is that we are seeing a very, very low cap rates on senior housing in general. And as you can see from our investment activities while we are very bullish on senior housing in general, we have weighted our investment activity to other types of opportunities that we are seeing that provide really good risk adjusted return in our opinion.
Debra Cafaro: Good question. Yes, we did do a follow-on deal with an existing customer in the post-acute business. These are newer, skilled nursing assets; I would say all skilled nursing assets have a quality mix, if you will. In this case these particular assets have a nice quality mix of 55% they're newer assets. And so in general it's toward more of the shorter stay Medicaid type asset, but in the middle, very high quality, very nice good coverage et cetera, good quality.
Debra Cafaro: I would say that the lease rate for quality post-acute are in the, call it 7.5% to 8.25% lease rate.
Debra Cafaro: Well again, you're right about the lease yields that I provided which would be in that sort of 7.5% to 8.25% in the quarter range. I would say that the skilled market, skilled nursing market or post-acute continues to be an important part of the healthcare continuum. I think that you've seen a tremendous revaluation of that asset class, which is something we talked about for a long time. And I think we're seeing that come to fruition, as you've seen some other deals at even seven lease yields and things like that on skilled nursing assets. So we're being selective here and think we found a nice portfolio in a way it was able to really helping existing customer and so that met our investment criteria and so we move forward.
Debra Cafaro: I think, we have seen in the skilled nursing market several consecutive years of those Medicare and Medicaid increase and so that is a favorable. And we continue to believe that there is a good way to make a good risk adjusted investment in skilled nursing, if you do it with a quality provider, and you have a margin of safety in terms of lease coverage at the property level, and that's how we invest in skilled nursing.
Debra Cafaro: Great. So yes, as a capital provider to senior living and healthcare assets, part of our business is originating loans it's -- and so we've seen some good opportunity on the secured mezz loans, which is on a very diverse large pool of healthcare and senior housing assets. And what attracted us to it really is we think it's an excellent risk adjusted return, it's a very secured in terms of the spot in the capital structure and that's in kind of 60% to 75% loan to cost tranche and the returns are about 8% current and the coverage is quite good. So all in all, when you have a significant equity investment that supports a loan and you can get that tranche at a very nice 8% on a secured loan. On quality assets, that looks like a good opportunity to us and we took advantage of it.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, it's a mix portfolio which is one of things that we really like about the investment is that provides you greater certainty on the cash flows because there is mostly private pay, MOBs, and senior housing, again diverse operators, diverse pool, diverse geography. And so that gives you good downside protection as well as the equity cushion that's there and the cash flow coverage.
Debra Cafaro: Great question. I'm really happy that we were able to kind of follow through on what we talked about last quarter and really start to execute some focused disposition activities that we do think will make us a better company. Once we get through this effort which we hope to do in the first and maybe a little bit into the second quarter. I think, there is always an opportunity to look at your portfolio and continue to focus and improve the quality, and we will continue to look for those kinds of opportunities balancing of course our desire to continue to drive cash flows and dividends. So those are -- that’s how we are thinking about it.
Debra Cafaro: There is always going to be -- we have a $37 billion portfolio, which we are quite happy about, we think its high quality. There is always going to be things at the bottom that you can think about recycling capital, and there’s always actually think that are at the top where you have we’ve talked about really, really fantastic cap rates on senior housing; maybe there’s some markets where we would want to create value by lightning up in a market or, as I said, where we’re not going to do business with the operator going further and then we can use those to recycle into early stage more value creating investment. So we’re looking at in multiple dimension, multiple asset type and, given the size of our portfolio, I would expect that we will have other opportunities in the future.
Debra Cafaro: Great question. And I don’t remember saying the word Griffin. So I’ll just let you get by with that. I would say the following: in our loan activities which we have as an ongoing part of our business, as I said, we generally originate loans to get a good risk-adjusted return and to get repaid. There maybe when we look at the variety of outcomes, we always want to be comfortable that at the end of the day if it turned into an ownership position that we would be happy with that and we would be in good asset at a good basis basically. And so we feel very much that way about Griffin, but our intent certainly is to make the good loan and get repaid on that loan.
Debra Cafaro: We can. We have a little bit better visibility on that and I think that you will see us close a little bit more than 30 of those assets here later in the first and into the second quarter with the cap rate and kind of 6.25-ish range.
Debra Cafaro: Well it all -- good question. We have expanded out footprint in the UK this year. We started with Spire; great hospital operator, successful IPO with over a ₤1 billion equity market cap. We’ve expanded now with a good operator in senior housing. We like the market for all the reasons that we talked about which is it’s a very deep market; it has all three asset types in it, there is broad acceptance of PropCo/OpCo in all sectors there. I mean, in fact, the hospital sector there is more advanced than it is in the U.S. in terms of PropCo/OpCo separation. There is a great demographic and policy support for healthcare there, and really great capital markets where you can match fund. So it certainly meets all of our criteria for investing abroad and so we will continue to explore both follow-on opportunities there, as well as new opportunities, and it will all depend -- the outcome will all depend on whether we see great risk-adjusted opportunities there, and hopefully we will.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Karin. It's performing exactly as we expected. And as I think everyone knows that Holiday is a very large senior living provider and there have been multiple transactions, two of which we have done. And well I can't predict what the owners of Holiday would do. I think it's fair to say that they continue, they will continue to look for ways to create value there and that could include additional follow-on transaction.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, great question. I think that when we look at investments again, we are looking for an asset that's going to grow cash flows and/or experience increasing multiples or inversely decreasing cap rates. And if either of those things happen we're going to create value for our investors, if both of them happen, obviously that’s the greatest outcome and we've done a lot of those where both things have happened. I'd say coming out of 2009 into 2010 and 2011, we did have the environment where you could make a macro trade on MOBs and senior housing, and you could be pretty sure that you were going to make a lot of money for your investors, because you had higher cap rates and you had a good part of the cycle in terms of cash flow growth and that's exactly what we've done. I think as we got into 2014 and the current environment I think you do have to be a lot more selective in terms of what you're doing in those sectors and you have to focus your efforts. And I think do think we have a critical competitive advantage in the MOBs with Todd's business which has been serving hospitals and healthcare systems for 25 years or 30 years. And where we are showing very strong same-store growth this year at 3.8% I think and then with an expectation of I think 2.5% to 3.5% in 2015. So we have the ability to leverage our infrastructure, our skill, our experience to really do a good job in driving same-store growth. And that all said we will continue to be selective in the asset type because it has appreciated greatly, and as an owner, and an early investor, and an early adaptor, in the segment I think our shareholders have really benefited from that.
Debra Cafaro: That is a long question. And you remind me that I'm coming up on my 16th anniversary as the CEO of Ventas and I have all the great years to prove it. But I would say that look; we are expert in investing in the government reimbursed sector. I would say we have good operators who have good compliance programs, good quality of care, and we're really pleased with our government reimbursed portfolio. Over time from time-to-time you do see regulatory scrutiny on the businesses. But in general I would say that we feel very good about our business and our operators in that regard.
Debra Cafaro: I mean look, I would say that it's kind of ebbs and flows that you suggest and sometimes there are broad based enquiries or market enquiries and I don't see any material changes from the 15 years that we have experienced in healthcare.
Debra Cafaro: And look it's a philosophical judgment; it's more of a judgment issue in terms of what the right way to optimize and maximize NOI is. And Sunrise has made a judgment in terms of rate for 2015. And again, I mean we are looking for continued growth from Sunrise. I think if, as Ray said, if there is an ability to continue moving rate a little bit through 2015 and if there is an emphasis on expense control, we think Sunrise can have a reasonably good year and we're working with them to deliver that.
Debra Cafaro: We are looking at a couple of potential MOB developments that would be actually quite interesting and exciting if they are to come through. And what we like about MOB development obviously is that you get a significant amount of pre-leasing. You often will get very high credit type tenants and I do think that with our lower bridge development business and the really tremendous expertise that we have with our partnership with PMB that we're very well positioned to do that. But again we're very selective in that regard and if we do, do anything they're going to be marquee projects.
Debra Cafaro: What I would say is that, we are really happy with our relationship with Brookdale. We're very supportive of Brookdale. They are a 10% tenant and we're happy about that. I would say that again over time you may see assets all across the healthcare spectrum moving into the most efficient hands that may be REITs in the case of any type of assets. But I would say that these types of PropCo/OpCos which we are quite expert in. They're much more complex than I think any of the activists or any of the analysts really can be able to evaluate. And so we're just going to be happy that we have Brookdale as a tenant, continue to have a good relationship with them, and support them in whatever undertaking say they decide to peruse.
Ray Lewis: Sure, Juan. I think really there are three major categories that are driving the expense growth year-over-year, and they account for about 70% of total expense spend in our properties, and they are salaries, wages, and benefits, utilities, and property taxes. The salaries, wages, and benefits, I think the biggest impact we're hearing there from our operators is minimum wage impacts in California and New York, which are our two larger SHOP states and those went into effect sort of late last year and have the effect of sort of raising all the wages in sympathy. I think in the utilities we're -- we've got a concentration of assets in the Northeast where there are a lot of coal fire plants coming offline and so we're projecting some pretty strong utility growth in that area. And then, with respect to property taxes, we just don't really budget appeals and so there may be some opportunity there in next year.
Ray Lewis: Hi, Derek. I think our rates remain pretty strong and we have experienced good occupancy growth even in the fourth quarter, which is typically a quarter when we see occupancy flat to declining as people don't move in around the holidays. So the occupancy trend in our portfolio remains pretty strong. As you point out our rates are well above NIC which I think reflects the quality of our portfolio. As we look at next year, I think we're seeing Atria doing a good job of continuing to push rates. I think Sunrise has not pushed rates as much as Atria and that's going to lead to some margin compression due to the expense increases that I talked about earlier.
Ray Lewis: I think the way to think about it is that they're not really pushing the rates to offset the unusually higher increases in expenses this year as I said. And I think the growth rates next year are going to be sort of consistent and perhaps a little bit less than what they delivered this year.
Ray Lewis: So look, first, it's important to know that Sunrise provide excellent care to high acuity population in our building. So that is a very positive about Sunrise. And while they've got day-to-day operating responsibility we are constantly in dialog with them about ways that we can drive the financial performance in our portfolio. In particular, this year we’re going to focus on trying to push rates in markets where we have higher occupancy and managing those expenses to hopefully do better than the budget. But our goal is to have Sunrise return to their prior levels of performance in that portfolio. We do have good contracts that have incentives and protective rights and we use those to drive behavior in the portfolio. So that’s where we are and I think that where we’re going to continue to focus over the balance of this year.
Ray Lewis: I mean I would say Karin, that it's really that they, when they put their rate letters out they didn't push as hard I think as others did. And I think they missed an opportunity and so for the balance of the year we're going to be working on pushing the street rates and the move-ins to try to make up for that. But I think really that is the, that is really what it is.
Ray Lewis: Yes, Michael. So the 12 Canadian assets that Sunrise operates under our management contract with us. I think when you look at the quarter-over-quarter trends, occupancy was up strong, rates were pretty flat, but expenses increased and its driven by a couple of things. One is there is always higher expenses in the fourth quarter in the seniors housing operating portfolio generally as people spend out their budgets for the balance of the year on things like repairs and maintenance and supplies and all that kind of stuff. So that's sort of a normal trend. And then we also had sort of a one-time impact from a collective bargaining agreement in Canada that also added on half of that sort of hit the expenses. I think we're pleased to see occupancy continuing to increase and that's driving the revenues. We want to continue to see expense control and expense management out of that portfolio as we look to have these assets continue their recovery to their previous exceptional performance.
Ray Lewis: Yes, I mean I think it's going to ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter. But I would say that the margins in the fourth quarter were lower as a result of the expense items that I described.
Ray Lewis: I mean I don't think it's a philosophical change. Again I'll just go back to I think, we would have liked to see them put more into the annual increases this year.
Josh Raskin: Good morning, Debbie. The healthcare trust assets, I was wondering if you had an update on the occupancy levels for the MOBs as well as the SHOP portfolio there.
Josh Raskin: Got you. And then I guess a second question just around the SNFs. It sounds like that those 12 post-acute assets were some of those newer SNFs and I'm just curious to get your perspective on the market there. It sounded like cap rates are anywhere between I think you said 7.5% to 8.25%. I'm assuming you are talking about SNFs specifically there. May be just general thoughts on where you think the SNF market is from an investment perspective.
Josh Raskin: I guess I was just -- may be a little more specific on the operations. They got a rate increase in October. I know Ray mentioned some of the earnings -- some of the expense pressures. I'm sure that is similar; some of that spills over. So I'm just curious if you are seeing any improvement in 4Q. It looked like comp? Fine.
Bob Probst: Yes. Nick, thanks for the questions. It's Bob here. The range really -- on the downside at a lower end of the range is more function of occupancy. We've got really aggressive occupancy growth in the budget, and particularly within Sunrise. And so delivering on that is clearly critical. To your point on the upside of the range, it's really about the labor cost productivity to help mitigate those inflationary costs, which are above inflation level sort of unusual in some cases, for example, with the minimum wage levels we have seen. So being able to drive productivity in the assets, maintain that margin is really what drives the higher end of the scenario.
Bob Probst: Yes. We have assumed -- and Ray mentioned about 80 basis points improvement year-over-year something in line with that, reasonable trend line in line with that I think is a fair assumption for the base case. And we started the year happily. As we look at the January numbers, it appears we're in line with that in the start of the year, and obviously we need to see that continue throughout the year. I think you'll see from a phasing point of view therefore year-on-year we have a strong first half on some of the auctions we sold off. So on a year-over-year basis you'll see strength in the back half of the year as we see it.
Bob Probst: If not, a bit better. As Ray, mentioned, in particularly in the case of Atria they pushed the rate a bit harder. So in effort to neutralize that cost inflation we're hoping to see a bit more rates than we did in 2014.
Bob Probst: I think it's fair to say, just building on that in 2015 we expect to see growth NOI growth in Canada that's attractive. So the occupancy year-over-year that we've seen those improvements over the last quarter or two will really help as we think year-over-year in 2015.
