Robert Probst: This is Bob here. First of all just to clarify, in early indication for SHOP of 2019, I would say as opposed formal guidance we'll give that in February. But there are things, we now know standing here today which include deliveries having seen three quarters of the year, we have a pretty good view into delivery levels next year. And our view today is that they are roughly in line with where we are going to see 2018 pan out, so effectively equivalent on the deliveries line. And there in light to the comment to say, we expect performance in '19 to look quite similar to '18 in terms of year-over-year. And within that of course the same things, I would highlight whether it would be price occupancy wages and the same thing will likely play out in '19 as we saw in '18. But again, we want to see the year-end, we want to see the rate letters and so on before you give formal guidance.
Robert Probst: Right and I'd just frame that again, the third quarter FFO was $0.99 that included a $0.03 Kindred fee, which we were very explicit about last quarter. In fact, we see as of this call last quarter, that's in the third quarter when you adjust for that, that's $0.96. As you say, the implied midpoint when we look at the fourth quarter is approximately $0.94. What's going on there? The key as we think about and this is the first half and second half conversation, but most no evidence in the fourth quarter is the cumulative impact of the dispositions that we've seen over the last year, including the LHP repayment, including the Kindred dispositions of last year, effectively using those pre-proceeds to retire debt. And so, that now really is complete, it was complete as of the end of the second quarter, and therefore we're seeing that run rate impacts really manifest in the fourth quarter.
Robert Probst: Sure, Steve. The question is, why there is 96 go to 94 third quarter to fourth quarter sequentially when adjusted for the Kindred fee. And I would point the seasonality particularly in SHOP for that difference, that’s the key item the fourth quarter on dollars basis is seasonally lowest at that stage, and that's really the biggest driver, Steve.
Robert Probst: The difference, Rich, you'll see a line item there which is called fees that's the Brookdale cash fee we received in the year. And if you adjust for that item, it's included in the guidance, but we want to show it with and without that item and that's the difference.
Robert Probst: That's face rent face, value to face value, but it's actuals, so it's not like a street price against which are a significant discount, it's actuals. So, I think it's a pretty clean number.
Robert Probst: I'll summarize the question. Could we have some more insight into your '19 early indications, as we look to the P&L, and I would say the themes again very similar, and if you just look at the third quarter P&L, I think it's a nice guide as we think about next year in the sense of year-over-year occupancy has been improving albeit, still a gap to prior a year. Some moderating pricing, I expect we will still have nice way -- nice price increases on the in place annual rent letters that we get in the beginning of the year, but I do expect we will have some of the continued pressure through releasing spreads in the balance of the year. And then on the operating expense line, certainly, the tight labor market wage pressure will carry on as we think about next year. The operators have done a wonderful job this year as I have said, repeatedly, and the staffing models and how they have managed that cost. I do expect there's some run way to continue there as we think about next year but again yes, we get that relative to the occupancy line also, so very thematically similar to the P&L, as we look at the third quarter.
Robert Probst: A great question. So, we typically, the question is the ramp on FAD CapEx for the fourth quarter and is it achievable would be my interpretation of the question because it is a significant ramp. We typically do you have seasonally in the fourth quarter a significant increase. That hill decline this year is a bit steeper. So all its equal perhaps, we have little bit of core opportunity there. But seasonally, we do expect a significant increase in the fourth.
Robert Probst: The question is on the SHOP, we show 1.5 billion of growth, dispositions, our guidance is 1.3. The difference is our share, Chad, of data that. So, it's now a 100% owned, so that's a net difference.
Robert Probst: Yes, some small amount of acquisitions. The net impact to small amount of acquisitions that we've built in and is in non-same-store, so that's the difference.
Robert Probst: We had a write-off about 22 million as a result of based to closure of JV that we have that had Brookdale, [Multiple Speakers]. The Brookdale lease extension pardon me, was approximately 21 million that we wrote off in the second quarter last year or last second quarter.
Robert Probst: Sure. The question was the strong quarter, we had in life science so 12% growth and that was really first and foremost lease up particularly in one of our newer communities that we have with Brown in Rhode Island, which is now a 100% occupied performing incredibly well, and that is really the driver for the quarterly pool. On the full-year pool basis, we continue to do incredibly well as also over 4% growth on the full-year pool, so strong which way you look at it.
Robert Probst: Yes, so ESL now, I guess 8 months older itself and maybe 10, continuing to roll out operational initiatives, I'd say Cai and team are deep into that right now, things like the staffing model and the operating model, and really bringing best practice there. So they are on it. Certainly, we've seen some transition impact in terms of NOI that's always expected. But again, I think we've stabilized on that and were looking forward to the impact of those initiatives as it is rolling amount.
Robert Probst: Yes, Michael, we have 300 million approximately of loans maturing in 2019 into the back half of 2019. That is all that matures next year. So that today we have 4% of NOI implication obviously is that we would have a lower percentage now of our loan book in our -- as a percent of NOI next year.
Robert Probst: Yes, right now where you are marking that Michael for reinvestment to the life science development pipeline.
Robert Probst: So, you are right on, Michael, we will start to see, starting in '19, but really accelerate from there. The income benefit of these developments in particular in life science, some of which have recently opened, but we mentioned for example, WashU, Penn to name a few. Those we really start to pick up steam in the back half of '19 and into '20. So, certainly a tailwind as we come out in February with the puts and takes that’s certainly on the good side work. We are excited about that, but it really takes off in '20.
Robert Probst: Michael good, so if I could just repeat that for everyone benefit, the idea of including some work completion information for investors and the analysts on the redevelopment page in terms of deliveries, I think we can look at that as good suggestion as we provide guidance going forward. I would add you do have to distinguish between senior housing developments and office developments because in senior housing while you are going through the post opening lease up period, you actually have some negatives EBITDA, as you have operating expenses, and so you get to lease up and breakeven. So it's important, if we provide that information that we also make sure people understand what the different impacts are of the different asset class developments and redevelopments, as they start to come online. But this is very good input and we appreciate it.
Debra Cafaro: This is Debbie, Smedes. The deal with Related is a really exciting one and has potential to be 3 billion of high-end urban senior living overtime. And we will have the opportunity of course to invest capital in effectively general partner position in those projects. And then, if there are other opportunities to invest capital on the projects that we see as attractive, those opportunities could manifest for us as well.
Debra Cafaro: So, I would like to put holiday into context for Ventas. It's about 3% of our NOI and as you know they did a deal with new senior that is public that has a conversion of assets from a lease to management fee, management structure with the payment of large fee connected therewith. I think just like every other customer that we have, we would typically engage in conversation just like we did with Brookdale, just like we have done with Kindred over the years. And we will be thoughtful I think and have a lot of ways of coming up with optimal changes should we believe they are appropriate.
Debra Cafaro: We've been asked to repeat the questions. I understand there maybe some static on the operators line, so which we apologize. So, I think in sum, the question is really to discuss the fourth quarter normalized FFO rate implied in our 2018 guidance.
Debra Cafaro: Well, as I mentioned, we're seeing a lot of good projects, the timing, they are large and they are high quality projects with a lead institution either existing customers or new universities. And the timing is harder to predict with certainty, but I could see that substantially increasing.
Debra Cafaro: And that really has to do with seniors' behavior moving in and around the holidays and things like that. So, that’s a typical pattern.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, so, I'll try to repeat the question. I think it started with woo hoo, but the question is really around a buying senior housing, if I could summarize, Rich.
Debra Cafaro: Well, good question. So I would say that we are for example buying the trophy Battery Park asset because we do see strength there. The good news as I said is our assets are very highly valued, so there continues to be a very strong bid in senior housing for the inevitable upturn. And we are continuing to look at investment opportunities that we think are -- will do something for Ventas strategically, accretively, so very open to value creating transactions. And so, as always, we will be opportunistic, and if there is a next big thing, you will be the first to know.
Debra Cafaro: So the question was really about our investments in outpatient in MOBs. We have built a great business here which is at 19% and 20% of our portfolio. We like this business. It's been a very steady grower, very reliable. And then, I'm going to turn to people who really are new leader of the business and talk about what we like about the investments that we make.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, this is Debbie. Real quickly, Jordan, the question was about a sold asset, not with pursuant to a purchase option.
Debra Cafaro: So the question is really is about the capital that's interested in our business lines. And the answer is, yes, they are over the 20 years when I couldn’t get anyone to talk me about healthcare at the beginning to now where it has been a highly institutionally attractive business for all the qualities we discussed, whether it's MOBs and the core like returns that you get there, the demographic to me and in the asset classes that we have, the private pay nature of senior housing and multifamily shared characteristics. We are very attractive and therefore capital is coming our way and that continues to enhance and improve the value of our assets, as people look to the coming years when, not too long from now 20% of the population will be in the senior category. So, you are 100% right with the interest in our verticals.
Debra Cafaro: And it is fairly broad based at the moment. I do think that the highest interest from institutional capital is in senior living and MOB outpatients, but we also see significant interest in the hospital space. For example, as we look to the performance of the public and rate increases, that have started in the fourth quarter, so it's fairly broad based.
Debra Cafaro: The question is about our segment guidance which again we've reconfirmed from the July 27th guidance, and Bob can speak specifically, if there's anything further you'd like to add.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, we, as you recall, did a deal with Brookdale that extended the leases and had some other components in it, including asset sales of about 16% of the portfolio to prune the portfolio and improve the quality, and that does represent probably about 30 million in rents. And so, as Bob mentioned in his remarks, those are starting to get underway.
Debra Cafaro: I would say just emerging, yes, it's premarketing I would say at this point. So, we expect those to happen. Those sales to happen overtime and as you recall they would basically be effectively at a 6 in the quarter to Ventas.
Debra Cafaro: So the question really is about the fourth quarter run rate and how that may relate to analyst consensus numbers. I mean I would just say that when we provide guidance, we typically do so with limited to know acquisitions in them, and we will obviously do so consistent with our practice in February. And other than that, I think I would just repeat what Bob said about the fourth quarter 2018 run rate.
Debra Cafaro: As you know, our acquisitions and investments are always difficult to predict which is -- and they are lumpy. We have done more than our share over the years. We had these great relationships that we are able to leverage to find good strategic accretive acquisitions. And they could be across the board of our asset classes. I do want to remind you that our number one capital allocation priority is really in the development of these university based knowledge communities. And so, when we talk about investing in future growth, those are assets that we will deploy capital into we will ramp that capital, and that generally takes multiple years in order to produce cash flow EBITDA. But we are thereby creating a very high quality company, very high quality portfolio and investing in future growth. So I think that’s an important other aspect as you think about our investment priorities going forward. We will continue to be opportunistic. We will continue to look across the board as we have in the past. But those tend to be again unpredictable and therefore we generally don’t attempt to predict them well you guys sometimes try to.
Debra Cafaro: So, let me repeat the question, I think it was about the triple-net senior housing portfolio and CapEx expenditures. So most of our leases have minimum CapEx required expenditures most it's not all, and so, we monitor that and that's the way we ensure that the assets continue to be in good market position. I would also add that the Brookdale which off course is 40 plus percent of that portfolio that does have minimum expenditure requirements. And we also agreed with Brookdale that for other CapEx that we think would keep the assets in excellent market positioning. And so on and so forth that we would consider funding additional CapEx for and market returns. And so, there are two different way really that I could give as examples of the way we can ensure that those triple-net assets continue to maintain market positioning.
Debra Cafaro: So, the question is really about the pending Battery Park asset acquisition that is a deal that we're excited about. We've been in the Manhattan senior living market really since 2011, and we think that the pricing on this asset is well below replacement cost. So, we could foresee with the attractive demographics in New York and the unique positioning of this asset, that we would have obviously just stabilize NOI growth going forward, and there are potential redevelopment and licensing opportunities overtime that could provide additional opportunities for really great returns. So, we have multiple path to success is what I would conclude.
Debra Cafaro: So, the question is really on cap rates and sitting across from John Cobb, our Chief Investment Officer, and I would say that. This amount of capital that is attracted to our states for all the reasons previously mentioned is continuing to keep valuation high and cap rate relatively in the same range that they have been for several years now. And in terms of the way we underwrite assets we obviously are always looking at our cost to capital we are looking at the growth rate of the asset the reliability of the expected cash flows. And as we look at the university base like science, as we said at the beginning, there is a range of stabilized yields that we would expect that are in the frankly 6% to 8% or 8.5% range, depending on the profile of the asset. And as we have discussed before I'll give you an example, if you have a 100% preleased building with AA credit that is in a great location, that’s going to be on the lower end of that. If you have a 20% preleased building that obviously would have a different expected to stabilize cap rate. So that’s how we are looking at these opportunities, but the big takeaway is that the end of the day, as we grow this part of our portfolio, it is increasing and improving the overall age, quality and reliability of our portfolio with these highly rated really elite institutions. So hope that's responsive Karen.
Debra Cafaro: As Pet said, the question is about the yields on the acquired MOBs, and as Pete said because these were assets that we acquired through existing relationships. We do think the pricing is very attractive. In terms of the NOI to the extent that there is a management fee for the assets, that’s embedded in the cap rate already.
Debra Cafaro: Again, what we like about the MOBs is the core likely churns and the steady returns, and so we would expect that type of normal MOB year-over-year in growth rate.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I think again. This is Debbie. When you have a transition, you basically are getting to stabilization point which as Bob said were at a stabilization point and then overtime, you would expect it to perform basically in line with the industry but offset to the positive potentially as operating initiatives take hold. So directionally you would expect from here to be the same, but again with some upside as we've discussed before from operating and occupancy improvements overtime.
Debra Cafaro: So, the question is about acquisitions of university based kind of research and innovation life science assets and the answer is, that was and has been a trend in medical office for several decades, and we are seeing that as well in the university in the life science space.
Debra Cafaro: Mike, you snuck in here. We thought this was Smedes. So, we'll open and close with the call with Citi I guess. So the question is really about senior housing supply, and I think the key data points are around new starts which are very encouraging in the sense that they are at a five year low. And as we were able to predict years ago that supply would be coming at this moment, I think based on the data that we now see one could expect we can predict a big upside as we look at the data sitting here today in the coming years. So it is true that there continues to be interest in the assets and interest in developing as we talked about with the Related high-end urban developments, and that continues. But if these trends continue that we are seeing now with start then we feel very optimistic and upbeat about the supply demand fundamentals being very much in our favor.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, Michael is observing, so as best of if you can hear that there are lot of moving pieces to '19, which we've noticed recently actually and will look forward to enunciating those in February. And with that, I really want to certainly reaffirm how confident the team is and how aligned we are about going to get these opportunities, and we want to thank everyone for your support and attention, and we look forward to talking with you further at NAREIT. Thank you.
