Debra Cafaro: Thank you, BJ. On behalf of all of my colleagues, I want to welcome our shareholders and other participants to the Ventas First Quarter 2024 earnings call. Today, I'll discuss our good start to the year, describe the actions we are taking to execute on our strategy and create value for our stakeholders, and share our improved outlook for 2024 as the multiyear growth opportunity in senior housing build. As a reminder, our 3-pronged Ventas strategy is composed of, first, deliver organic growth in our senior housing portfolio; second, capture value through investments focused on senior housing; and third, drive cash flow throughout our portfolio. We entered this year with momentum, and in Q1, our enterprise delivered $0.78 of normalized FFO per share and over $2 billion in annualized NOI. Our strong results came from nearly 7% same-store property NOI growth led by SHOP at over 15%. Notably, demand-driven occupancy gains in our SHOP portfolio are accelerating, fueled by favorable supply-demand fundamentals in our markets and the actions we've taken in concert with our care providers. Move-ins across the portfolio were elevated as we gained 240 basis points of occupancy in our same-store SHOP portfolio year-over-year. As the second largest owner of senior housing, we are benefiting from the multiyear senior housing growth opportunity that continues to gain traction from both demand-led occupancy and RevPOR growth. Accelerating demand for our senior housing community underscores the valuable benefits they provide to residents and their families. The over 80 population is expected to grow by 5 million individuals through 2030, yet new construction starts in senior housing are the lowest in over a decade, as is the percentage of inventory under construction. In our SHOP portfolio, 99% of Ventas' communities are free from competing construction starts. All of these trends combine to support a highly favorable long-term runway for growth in the biggest part of Ventas' business, senior housing. We also want to expand our footprint in senior housing by capturing value-creating investments in the space.  On this second prong of our strategy, we are making good progress. Year-to-date, we have closed or placed under contract about $350 million of investments that meet our targets of going in yield, expected unlevered IRRs, occupancy growth potential, affordability and pricing below replacement cost. Over my career, it has been rare to see such a compelling investment environment where we can acquire attractive assets in favorable markets at high going-in yields and high growth. Due to market conditions, our efforts and our team's relationship, our pipeline of investment opportunities continues to grow, and we expect to make further progress on our investment plan in the balance of the year. Across Ventas, we are also focused on the third element of our strategy, driving cash flow throughout our portfolio. In addition to SHOP, which is now generating over $800 million in annualized NOI, there are two other areas I'd like to cover: Kindred and our outpatient medical and research business. First, respecting the Kindred lease for 23 LTAC, representing approximately 5% of our NOI. The trailing rent coverage remained stable and Kindred has projected improving revenue and expense performance trends for 2024. We continue to have active decisions with Kindred and other parties to optimize Ventas enterprise value and NOI from our property, following the April 2025 lease maturity. We and Kindred recently agreed to a 1-month extension for the lease renewal notice date to the end of May. We know you are keenly interested in hearing the outcome of our discussion and we look forward to providing you with more information as soon as we can.  Our competitively advantaged outpatient medical and research business continues to shine and benefit from strong institutional demand. And it's delivering complementary compounding contributions to our enterprise. As a leader in senior housing, this portfolio is aligned around serving a large and growing aging population. Ventas is advantaged across commercial real estate because demand for our assets is strong and getting stronger. The Ventas team is focused on the opportunity for value creation right in front of us. On that point, we are pleased to improve our outlook for the full year. We are raising Ventas' 2024 normalized FFO guidance to between $3.10 and $3.18 per share, and increasing our full year 2024 total company same-store cash NOI guidance to 7% at the midpoint. And with that, I'm happy to turn the call over to Justin. 
Debra Cafaro: Happy to talk to you about it. I mean, look, we're engaged in active discussions with Kindred and others. And we're really working to get to the right outcome. And so we believe that, that was really in the best interest of everyone to get to a good outcome, which we define as kind of optimizing Ventas value and NOI. 
Debra Cafaro: I mean you're right on the -- Kindred has initiatives underway to improve both revenue and expense performance, and we are seeing sequential improvement, but the heat map, of course, is a trailing look. And so that's really how you ought to think about it. So you hit the nail on the head. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. So I think that, we're in these active discussions with Kindred and others, and we're really focused on getting the right outcome for Ventas for the enterprise and also for the properties.  And I would be -- we're working very hard to get to that kind of outcome. And so I'd be less focused on the notice date and just more focused on the work that we're doing, we have a great team working on it. We've been working on it for a while. This is very similar to what happened last time, and we're on it to get a resolution that as soon as we can, and we look forward to telling you as soon as we can. 
Debra Cafaro: Right. If -- it's interesting to see that well-respected players like Ensign have now entered the LTAC space. It seems to be enjoying a bit of a moment and that's positive. I would say that there would be a transition kind of on day 1, if there were other tenants for some or all of the properties. So that's the way to think about it. I there's no downtime. It's not like outpatient medical or anything. There's a direct operational transfer if that were to occur. 
Debra Cafaro: Tayo, thanks for asking that. Brookdale is about 7% of our NOI. And you're right, the coverage has been improving, and it's at about 1.3x on a trailing basis. And again, the trends in those markets also support a lot of intermediate-term occupancy increases. And so there are lots of positive outcomes for Ventas as we think about that, which is as you mentioned, at the end of 2025. 
Debra Cafaro: It's both. And I sort of take the macro and then I defer to Justin on all of the kind of OI-driven actions and initiatives to deliver outsized performance within a demand-driven macro. 
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean, we're -- again, we're executing on the strategy. The driver of organic growth is obviously driving the bus. We're going to -- as the second largest owner of senior housing with the platform that we have and access to capital, we're layering on external growth focused on senior housing that part of the portfolio is definitely going to grow. And we're committed to taking advantage of this multiyear opportunity and the kind of returns that we're seeing in the market for good assets at high yields with high growth potential, we are going to find a way to make those acquisitions and make senior housing a larger part of our overall portfolio. I mean it's already over half with job at 40% and growing. And I think you're going to see those trends continue. 
Debra Cafaro: Well, again, happy to give as many tealeaves and more as soon as we can. I would say that we are in active discussions with Kindred and others. It's more likely that Kindred would be part of a solution going forward. But we're continuing to keep working on every alternative so that we can reach the goal, which, again, is optimizing value for Ventas shareholders and the NOI from these properties. So we're very focused, and we're very on it. 
Debra Cafaro: Right. I would say that there are -- there is a large percentage of those loans that have some difficulty in refinancing without additional equity contributions. The assets are good, the markets can be good, the growth can be good. But because LTVs are lower, and as you say, rates are higher and the NOIs, many of them have not recovered to pre-COVID levels or they were newly constructed assets that really were delivered in COVID and therefore, aren't meeting their original pro formas. There's really good upside, but the refinancing mass doesn't necessarily work without significant paydowns. And so those owners, which again, I think, is a significant percentage of the $19 billion either have to decide if they want to reach in their pocket and put more equity in or if they can sell them for a reasonable value and just move on whether that's really where they want to go. And that's really part of that opportunity. But as Justin said, there are many other market forces that are pushing sellers to market and that are creating the overall pipeline opportunity that we're seeing. 
Debra Cafaro: Great. Great. I want to thank all my colleagues and also all of our shareholders, analysts and other participants today. We very much appreciate your attention and your interest in Ventas and look forward to seeing you soon. 
Robert Probst: Thanks, Justin. I'll share some highlights of our first quarter performance, provide an update on our balance sheet and capital activities and close with our increased 2024 guidance. I'll start my first quarter comments with our outpatient medical and research segment, or OMAR, which reported same-store cash NOI growth of nearly 5% in the quarter. In outpatient medical, Pete and team executed 900,000 square feet of new and renewal leases in the first quarter, 50% higher than prior year. Meanwhile, the outpatient medical assets from the equitized loan portfolio increased occupancy by 300 basis points since taking ownership last year due to the effective asset and property management initiatives from the Ventas team. Our university-based research same-store cash NOI increased over 5% in the first quarter. with occupancy growth across the same-store portfolio. Our overall new leasing pipeline has increased by 30% to 1.4 million square feet with strong institutional and university demand for university-based life science buildings. In terms of first quarter enterprise results, we reported a net loss attributable to common stockholders of $0.04 per share. Normalized FFO per share in Q1 was strong at $0.78, representing 5% year-over-year growth. Our total company same-store cash NOI grew nearly 7%, led by SHOP, increasing 15%.  Strong SHOP organic growth also drove a 20-basis-point sequential improvement in our net debt-to-EBITDA in the first quarter. Further supporting our leverage trajectory was $94 million in equity raised at an average price of $44.04 to fully fund senior housing investments. The SHOP growth included in the balance of the year guidance is expected to drive continuing leverage improvements in 2024. We had some notable capital markets activity so far this year. First, we extended the maturity to 2028 on our $2.75 billion revolving credit facility with improved pricing and strong oversubscription from our banking partners. We thank for their support of our platform.  Second, we raised $650 million in 5-year Canadian senior notes at 5.1% in the first quarter, taking some 2025 maturing debt off the table early at attractive rates. We also used cash on hand to repay a portion of recent maturing debt, leaving us $700 million of 2024 debt maturities left to refinance this year. I'll close with our updated 2024 guidance. We improved our outlook for net income attributable to common stockholders now range from $0.03 to $0.11 per diluted share. We increased the midpoint of our full year normalized FFO guidance to $3.14 per share from the previous midpoint of $3.125. The increase in our midpoint can be explained by a $0.03 per share improvement in organic SHOP NOI, partially offset by higher interest rates. We've also raised both our property NOI and same-store cash NOI year-over-year growth midpoint expectations for each of our segments. Total company same-store cash NOI is now expected to grow 7% year-over-year compared to our prior midpoint of 6.25%.  We have not included any incremental investments in our outlook beyond the $350 million closed or on our contract discussed today. We're increasing our full year capital recycling proceeds to $300 million, as we enhance our portfolio and build additional sources to fund an attractive pipeline of senior housing investments. Finally, we expect to spend $250 million in FAD CapEx in 2024. For additional 2024 guidance assumptions, please see our Q1 supplemental and earnings presentation deck posted to our website. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator. 
Robert Probst: Sure Juan, I'll take that one. Thanks. Starting with the financial returns that we're seeing on these investments, which Justin articulated are really, really attractive even at the current cost of capital. We talked last earnings call about the fact that on balance sheet financing can work given those returns, and in fact, baked that into our guidance. And that's what we executed on in the first quarter. We fully funded those senior housing investments with equity. And as we look forward, given the pipeline, what we've incrementally added to guidance is more disposition proceeds at the source. So another couple of hundred million across asset classes as a source of funds just because we see the opportunity in front of us. So pretty much doing what we said and building more dry powder would be my summary. 
Robert Probst: Yes, I'll take that one. You're right. We have 16 million warrants at $3 a share. So clearly deeply in the money. And that is, again, another source of funds as we think about the opportunity to both create value recognized gains and invest behind senior housing real estate. And obviously, about 1.5 years left in terms of duration, but a clear opportunity. 
Robert Probst: I think going in yields relative to cost of capital, roughly neutral, so not in the immediately accretive. But I would point you to the IRRs and the growth potential in these investments, mid-teens and an example used. That says there's attractive growth in the near term, which would drive accretion. 
Robert Probst: Yes. I would point you to, first off, occupancy. We posted 240 so far year-to-date. We've got 270 year-over-year. So clearly, there's going to be incremental year-over-year occupancy growth embedded in the forecast. Our range has gone up at the midpoint to 14% on NOI. We posted 15% in the first quarter, pretty close. I think we keep coming back to this key selling season notion. We're just starting that. We want to see how that one plays out. 
Robert Probst: Yes, an. OMAR. Easier to remember. So step back, the guide of dispose of $300 million includes OMAR, but is also across asset classes, including senior housing and others. So I would say the blended cap rate is roughly mid-single digits on that, not dissimilar to the number you quoted. So again, as we think about reinvesting maybe neutral in the short run, but again, upgrading the portfolio and with the growth potential in the investments really accretive over time. So hence, capital recycling increase is another source of funds that we're very focused on. 
Robert Probst: Yes. Yes. Thanks for the question. We're actually really happy with our leasing. We've -- in the first quarter, we did 900,000 square feet of leasing, 50% more than prior year, which is terrific. And what I'm also happy to talk about is health system health has really come back. If you look at the [ COPPENHALL data ], the financials for the health systems are almost 40% higher than what they were a year ago. So they're back. They're executing on their strategy, and they're upgrading their facilities and converting nonclinical space to clinical space. Now to your point about the 40 basis points, that equates to about 72,000 square feet worth of lost occupancy. I can tell you that almost immediately, we re-leased 55,000 square feet of that 72,000. And in many cases, it's to essentially the same entity. I'll just give you 2 examples. One example is with a health system where an independent practice moved out and the health system who is associated with that practice and immediately lease the space back again. We have to build out the space. So occupancy goes down, but it's essentially re-leased. Another example is, a health system had, on a particular floor, a bunch of small suites, they wanted to just let all those go and re-lease the space as one suite, so they can have larger and more efficient practice. So those types of things are going on as vacancy, we're losing a little bit of occupancy as a health systems execute on their strategy and then that will result in better leasing, better rents later in the year or next year. 
J. Hutchens: Yes, sure. So stepping back, obviously, there's been a lot of focus by those of us that participate in the senior housing sector on supply and demand, which has been excellent. Debbie highlighted that, I think, nicely in the opening remarks.  We've added a page to our earnings deck, you've mentioned that articulates 1,000 basis points of upside in our markets over the next few years. We use a variety of data sources to determine and back testing in those proprietary, but we feel comfortable that's a good outlook. Clearly, we haven't included pacing, but we certainly like the opportunity to continue to perform well within those markets and then to expand into new markets through our external activities and capitalize on the exciting upside. 
J. Hutchens: Yes. So there's certainly a lot of margin expansion opportunity for us because we're -- overall, both the mid-80s in the U.S. around 80% occupied. In our total SHOP portfolio -- just under 80%, both in independent living and assisted living.  So there's a lot of occupancy upside ahead. And with that comes the operating leverage that we benefit from in our business. And so there's really good margin expansion ahead. There are some rules of thumb. Maybe we'll include that at some upcoming conferences. 
J. Hutchens: Primarily 3 simple. That maturity chart really articulates the interesting opportunity because we have tremendously good fundamentals, but you have an asset that's refinancing generally at a lower LTV and higher cost.  So it's putting pressure on existing owners. And it creates an opportunity for buyers like us to make high-quality acquisitions but with a better capital stack. And there's a variety of sellers as well. There's private equity sellers and operators and multifamily and institutional sellers that we've been seeing in our pipeline, including that which we've been executing on. 
J. Hutchens: So I think when we say we have a lot of positive options. I mean these communities are in markets that also have a tremendous upside from a supply-demand standpoint, the demand metrics are excellent.  To the same point Debbie made on Kindred, the trailing coverage is always a little out of date. So there's even better performance, I'm sure to come. So we like the opportunity really in any structure to own these communities. And that's the positive opportunity that we're facing. 
J. Hutchens: Great question. So first of all, it's obviously U.S. focused and it's a total SHOP, and we're running just under 80% occupied in both our independent living and assisted living products in the U.S. It's about 2/3 assisted living in the U.S. in our total SHOP portfolio. We do see a lot of upside. The structural upside opportunity in my view, through experience and philosophically is 100% occupied. And we have several communities that are at 99%, 100% occupancy. And so there's nothing like a completely full community to really demonstrate the operating leverage and also just deliver great care and services. And so that's the goal. And we have operators that are starting to deliver on that goal, certainly in Canada, it's starting to happen in the U.S. in certain markets, and we'll keep driving. And it's just great to have so much demand at our doorstep and to be able to look forward and have confidence around the opportunity. 
J. Hutchens: So a couple of comments in response here. So I mentioned that our U.S. is projected to be over 300-basis-points occupancy growth this year. So that's a set to think about. I also mentioned that we're just at the beginning of the key selling season. So we'll be seeing how that plays out. You make a good point. We're optimistic about the trends leading into it. So we'll see where that goes. We have made a new hire, senior VP of senior housing and chief revenue officer for senior housing. This person will introduce when she starts in the first part of June, but her job really will be to lead the SHOP platform to drive performance and has a very, very strong background in top line performance in senior housing and in hospitality, and she's held leadership roles in global Fortune 500 companies.  So really excited about the addition of the team and continue this momentum and work with what is really a tremendous existing team. That's really been driving the OI platform. And I think the new addition will just make us even stronger. 
J. Hutchens: That's great. And it all starts with the macro for sure. And then within that, we've been working for quite some time to make sure we're well positioned to take advantage of this great opportunity.  A couple of examples. One is just price volume optimization, and this is really the opportunity to ensure that we really -- we maintain our market position. A good example would be Sunrise and Atria, which are well invested, well established operators in local markets. And as we adjust pricing over time, we want to make sure that we're maintaining the relative position in the market. We back tested this, and we -- over the past year, we've had big increases in average move-ins in those companies. And then there's other examples. Sinceri jumps out to me as one where we made -- we took actions to invest in the properties and put the new operator in place. And then we've tracked the performance relative to market and they're outperforming market.  And so that's an opportunity. The overall CapEx investment we highlighted in our earnings deck where we've had year-over-year growth of 470 basis points of occupancy and a street rate growth of over 9%. So it's a combination of a lot of activity and actions and helping to give our operators some strategic support as they do the great job of executing on a day-to-day basis. 
J. Hutchens: Well, first of all, occupancy is accelerating. That's -- it's been underway, and that's part of the guidance expectations that we gave. Good point. We had a real strong start to the first quarter from an NOI standpoint. So that kind of changes the trajectory of what we're expecting in terms of stepping up throughout the year. And also another good point, key selling season starts right now. So we'll give ourselves time to see how that plays out and go from there. 
J. Hutchens: Good question. So I'm going to step back and just talk a little bit about the [ pressure tick ]. So obviously, we've talked a lot about markets and first step is always to make sure we're entering the right markets to support upside opportunity and affordability. And then from there, we focus on the particular asset. We're focused on need-driven assisted living and memory care, and a lot of the campus is also including independent living, high-growth, need-driven product.  Then it's who's really in the best position to manage that. And we make the decision really not because we're trying to cause the delay. It's because we're trying to cause better performance sooner. So when we move a new manager in, that's our expectation. We've had very good results with transitions. There's always risk associated with the transition. Obviously, we have a lot of experience having transitioned well over 150 communities over the past few years, managing through that and getting good outcomes. And so it's going to come down to like the decision really is going to be putting ourselves in the best position to drive performance in that community. 
J. Hutchens: Yes, sure. So most of our NOI growth is coming from AL. We have -- that's going to be on the much higher end of the average, particularly in the U.S. So the IL growth really -- there'll be some growth and some contribution this year, but really more of a 2025 opportunity that we see it in terms of big contributions in the U.S. Occupancy trends have been excellent across our independent living portfolio in the U.S. I mentioned that we ran at 127% of prior year move-ins in the U.S. in the first quarter in independent living. We've had multiple months of occupancy growth. April looks good independent living and so there's good leading indicators in that portfolio that will ultimately drive the NOI, but AL is really leading the way right now in the U.S. 
J. Hutchens: Yes, exactly. So IL is a high-margin business. It has relatively high fixed costs because you're not delivering care, you're offering more limited services. So the operating leverage is very, very high. And the higher the occupancy, the more you benefit from that, and we have a long runway in terms of occupancy upside. So we look forward to some continued growth there and then see how that plays out, driving NOI moving forward. 
J. Hutchens: Yes. So we've had -- we definitely have had good recent momentum in our independent living portfolio that includes some Holiday communities, it includes -- former Holiday communities and include some of our existing mostly -- most of our other ILs operated by our legacy Atria within our legacy Atria portfolio. So there's been an intense effort to work with our operators to ensure that we're getting the best performance within those communities, and that continues.  And the whole playbook really has been used, everything from sales oversight insights, price volume optimization, CapEx investment and then the operators just really executing. And so we're really happy to see the good results and look forward to more growth. 
J. Hutchens: Yes. One thing I just want to point out is when we gave the metrics that are supporting the SHOP guidance, you'll notice a lot of [indiscernible]. So it's approximately 8% revenue, approximately 5% RevPOR approximately 270 of occupancy lift. And then we have an NOI range. And so we left a little room for movement amongst those metrics and see how the key selling season plays out. So I don't think we're necessarily saying we're going from 4.7% to 5%.  We're just saying we expect to be around 5% and which was consistent with what we saw in the first quarter. 
J. Hutchens: Yes. So the part of the price volume optimization is really making sure we're priced right and where there's more demand in a market, an opportunity to move with market pricing more aggressively, we do that. So there's certain markets and certain highly occupied communities that are attracting a higher street rate, higher move-in rate. So that's definitely part of the plan. Now having said that, we have a lot of occupancy upside, and that's the big opportunity for us is to continue to play into the demand drive volume. Balance it so that we're getting the best out of just total revenue growth and then drive NOI. 
J. Hutchens: I mean it's a year-over-year stat. So I think you'll probably see a little bit of movement within the metric. But what we're expecting to see is growth in street rates, growth in move-in rents and growth in occupancy. 
