Debra A. Cafaro: Good question. Yes, our coverages were good and ticked up a little bit, in some cases, in the triple-net portfolio. I would say, just talking about the government-reimbursed portion of our business, I would say that remember that the operators got an almost 2% Medicare rate increase in the fourth quarter of 2012, and so -- and sequestration doesn't really take effect until April 1. So those are essentially a push, if you want to think about it that way.
Debra A. Cafaro: We would expect the CMS preliminary rules regarding fiscal year 2014 rates to be coming out really any day now and be finalized later in the summer. And we should know very shortly what that preliminary rule is, which, again, I want to remind everyone, is subject to a common [ph] period and then often changes and improves in between these initial publication and finalization.
Debra A. Cafaro: Right. Right. And I think you're right. We obviously we have fantastic access to the capital markets. I think one of the company's hallmarks is that we are aggressive and drive growth, but we also make sure that we always have great liquidity. So if the markets are there, we'll use them, but we know that we have a good safety net in our existing liquidity. When we look at our acquisition opportunities, they are really plentiful, and we're as busy as we've ever been. I would say that when we look at the numbers, we could easily acquire over $1 billion, really -- and be very comfortable with our balance sheet without the need of any additional equity component.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, in a word, yes to all of those. I mean, we are seeing great kind of follow-on transactions with existing partners. We're seeing great follow-on with our current tenants, some of whom came from NHP. We're seeing regional deals. And we're seeing large -- very large portfolio transactions. So I think the strategy of putting our various legacy companies together, whether it's Lillibridge, Cogdell, NHP, Atria, we -- all of those are channels for continued internal and external growth. And that's when I say the strategy's working and we are executing, that's really what I mean.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. I mean, basically, we're -- as I said we're making sure to manage -- we made some high-quality, well-structured, very attractive, risk-adjusted return loans in the fourth quarter, and our plan has been to syndicate or sell off parts of those, and we've started to do that. And I think the rate ticked up a little bit because we may have had a few loan payoffs of lower-yielding loans. And also, we sold these later in the quarter and so that may have affected the weighted average. So we may see that tick down next quarter, Michael.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, first of all, none of the assets that were announced yesterday -- none of the 17 are Ventas-related in any way. So that's a first answer to your question. And again, our leases do not permit the sale or assignment of any of the operations without our consent. We have master leases that are very protective of Ventas.
Debra A. Cafaro: Okay. Well, first of all, we had a great first quarter, obviously, so that helps. And we are very confident about our expectations for the remainder of the year. And again, just to do the math for you, if you do $759 million at a 3.6% versus your 1.4% on your revolver, and you sell, let's call it, $156 million at, say, a 9% and you also compare that your revolver, that's how you get your 2-plus -- a little -- $0.02 a quarter a share going forward. Just to make that very transparent for everyone. But I think we expect a good, continued performance for the rest of the year, and we feel really good about our business.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we've been, again, fairly open, I think, about the acquisition and market that we're seeing, which we think is quite robust. And so we really want to continue to be in a position to take advantage of those opportunities, and at the same time, continue to move up the credit curve. So we would expect, over the course of the year, although our guidance does not include any acquisitions, we would be hopeful that over the course of the year, we will be able to get our fair share of additional investments.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we -- again, we've been consistent in saying we do expect consolidation in the health care and senior housing business. And we've seen some of that, and I think we'll continue to see that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we were very fortunate with the accretive investments that we made the last couple of years, which were at very, very good yields for very high quality assets. And I think as cost of capital has continued to improve for us and others, that has had an impact on cap rates, but we can still -- I think we're still in that excellent quadrant of being able to create value for shareholders while we acquire, and that's our strategy.
Debra A. Cafaro: And there's -- there continues to be positive absorption as a result of that favorable supply demand.
Debra A. Cafaro: We would expect to see some transition expenses and friction as the new operators set up operations, change systems and hire the new employees. But that's, obviously, all baked into their expectations. And the assets are profitable, and so there may be a changeover impact, but that'll be short-lived.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think that, first of all, buying Atria was a great decision. It's a great company, and the assets have done incredibly well with high kind of single-digit NOI growth. And we really bought it at the right time in the cycle, and Atria is doing a great job running it. So I -- we're very happy about that. I would say that cap rates -- as cost to capital has come down, cap rates have also come down. And so the cap rate, though, as you know, is only one part of the story. You have to look at the growth rate, and the quality, and replacement cost and all the other normal investment metrics that we do look at, as well as what the capital structure of the asset is and how profitable ultimately it's going to be. So there are a lot of factors that go into it, but I think your general direction is correct.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes. There are different arguments on both side of the equation. Historically, AL has had a bit of a higher cap rate or even more than a bit. You're right, it has compressed. I would say the need-driven AL product did the best during the recession, because it is need-driven. But IL has been performing incredibly well as the economy and housing market have comeback, and we really are in this Goldilocks environment with moderate GDP growth, and that's been very supportive of the IL continuing to do well. So I think IL is even more like multifamily than AL, so that would argue for a lower cap rate. But yet, AL performed very well under the stress test of the financial crisis. So both of the them are good asset classes. I think there is not a big distinction right now in the marketplace between the cap rates for the 2.
Debra A. Cafaro: We don't. I mean, there's a possibility that after this initial transition period that we just talked about, that if the operators are more efficient, if they are low-cost providers, that coverage will go up. But in general, these are profitable assets to begin with. They're profitable when they go to the new operators, and a lot will depend on what the reimbursement environment is, ultimately. But we do expect the new operators to be very hands-on and efficient operators.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think ever since someone let out the fed minutes half an hour earlier or something, they're keeping a close wrap on this. So let's talk about it when it gets published maybe this evening.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, some were contemplated, and it's a range, obviously. So I think if you kind of do the math, and you'll get to the answer. But I mean, yes, the portfolio is doing well.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, they're very viable company. Remember, we bought the funds from Lazard. So the price that we paid, if you will, really was not an equity infusion to Atria, because they had $20 million, $30 million cash on hand anyway. It was really a -- we bought it from the owner, which really was Lazard. And it's a great transaction, if you think about it. We paid, let's call it, $240 million, and among other things, we got 3.7 million Ventas shares, which alone, today, are worth about $290 million. So we essentially have 1/3 interest in one of the premier management companies in senior housing. And we -- we're very excited about that. I think it's going to be a great opportunity for us as the sector continues to evolve.
Debra A. Cafaro: No, no. There will be some that we expect, as we said, to close by the end of the quarter. But those will continue to earn rent. We're going to try to keep our call to about 1 hour, so we'll take our next caller. Thank you, Rich.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, I think as the assets have become really more post-acute, more shorter stay, across the industry, you'll continue to see shorter lengths of stay, which in turn lead to lower average occupancy. So that's the reason.
Debra A. Cafaro: Yes, we do put Q mix in the supplemental, and we have it for this quarter. And I believe it's pretty stable, maybe slightly improved from last quarter. But it was, I think, for Kindred, it was about 72%. I can confirm that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Good. As you know, we've been building our private pay business, and so that has that effect of, of course, shrinking our exposure to hospitals. And the part of the pie that we currently have in the hospital business is all long-term, acute-care hospitals, so a specialized segment. I think that we've had a vision in the health care and senior housing business that, over time, assets will flow to the most efficient owners. And that's really across senior housing, skilled nursing and really all across the continuum of care. And with our Lillibridge subsidiary, I think Ventas is really uniquely positioned to, if we choose to do so, devote capital to in and around health -- high-quality health care systems and hospitals. And so, we continue to explore all areas of health care and senior housing as we look at investments. And as I said, Todd's been visiting CEOs of these systems for 25 years, and we have great expertise and a great window into that business. So we continue to explore opportunities, really, in all segments of our business.
Debra A. Cafaro: I think that, in general, I would say that there's been some adverse selection as far as hospitals go, in so far as the better hospital companies have really wanted to and have -- are temperamentally suited to kind of holding on to all their assets. But again, over time, as their capital needs increase and their costs and sources of capital become more -- a little bit more challenged, I think they would -- they do to consider the possibility of divesting of higher-quality assets. And until that happens, we really wouldn't be willing to play. Because it's got -- if we were to make an investment, it would have to be in higher-quality systems and operators. So all these trends are big, secular trends that take time to develop, and have developed, obviously, since REITs -- sort of health care REITs got into the RMZ. I mean, you can see the growth in assets that have come into public hands, and I do see that trend continuing across asset classes.
Debra A. Cafaro: We -- again, we're super consistent about this. So we target anywhere between 4x and 6x net debt-to-EBITDA. And so at various points in time, you'll -- we're very comfortable in that range, and so that's where we are now.
Debra A. Cafaro: No, no. What I -- no, I'm sorry. Let me repeat. We believe we could easily make over $1 billion of investments without raising any additional capital, equity capital that is. And we're very comfortable with that leverage level. So that's -- I would -- so I hope that answers the question.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, with all of our capital markets, again, we try to make a decision based on all the facts and circumstances at the time, including our perception of market volatility, our perception of our capital needs and timing in terms of blackout periods and so on. So we look at all capital transactions on an audible-type basis with all facts and circumstances. And the ATM will be no exception to that.
Debra A. Cafaro: Well, we have -- okay. Yes, because we need to carry on. So we have, historically, with -- as did NHP, kind of 2% to 5% of our business in loans. A lot of that continues to pay off and recycle. The loans that we've made are very high quality, either senior secured loans and/or Mez [ph] loans with good loans to value and well-structured, good risk-adjusted return. And again, if you think about it, we're getting proceeds in from loan repayments, proceeds in from the syndication of parts of these loans. And then we expect to keep that overall book in balance, if you will, in that 2% to 5% range, which is exactly where we are.
Debra A. Cafaro: Just before Ray answers, we have like 1,433 assets. So I'm hopeful that the $200 million doesn't exhaust our opportunities. But I'll let Ray answer the specifics.
Debra A. Cafaro: Thanks, Nancy, and thanks to everyone for your participation. We sincerely appreciate your continued interest in Ventas, and we are looking forward to seeing you in Chicago, our hometown, in June. So thanks again, and have a great day.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes, Jack, this is Ray. So the typical seasonal pattern, which was followed by our portfolio this year, is that your occupancy will decline throughout the first quarter, and typically, into April, and start to trend back up again in May. And we're starting to see, as we look at flash reports, the stabilization of the occupancy, and it's following historical patterns.
Raymond J. Lewis: No. I mean, I think if you look at our portfolio, our seniors housing operating portfolio and MOBs are performing in line with our expectations, and so I think our portfolio is right on track.
Raymond J. Lewis: Yes. Michael, this is Ray. So as you correctly point out, we do have well above-average occupancy in our portfolio. And if you look at the rental rate increases in the first quarter of this year versus the first quarter of last year, we're nearly 3% this year, and last year, we were closer to 2%. So we're already starting to see that benefit materialize in our portfolio. And so, yes, I think we are pushing. And obviously, in the economy, there's going to be limits to how far you can push, but we're seeing the benefits of the higher occupancy in our pricing.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, remember, our senior housing operating portfolio is in high-barrier, infill locations in major metropolitan areas, which are typically very difficult to develop in and have long lead times and, quite frankly, are expensive to put new buildings up. If you look at the NIC data in the top 31 MSAs, there's about 13,000 units under construction, which is relatively 2.5% of inventory. Historical averages are closer to 3.2% of inventory. And another way to sort of look at it is the total inventory increase year-over-year was up about 1.2%. So if you overlay that against, sort of, the demographics, while new construction is higher than it was in the trough during the recession, it's still well within normal tolerances, and is not, at this point, something that would have an impact on our -- the performance of our portfolio.
Raymond J. Lewis: We're not seeing a tremendous amount of development. Now, remember, we're not a company that does a lot of development, but I think there just aren't a tremendous amount of financing sources right now for new development in the marketplace. So there are pockets in memory care and other areas, where, I think, there has been more new development. But independent living, in particular, is still running well below historical levels. We're not really seeing a tremendous flow of development.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, I think you hit it on a couple of things. So you look at sequential margins, and our -- and same-store stabilized portfolio, they're up 60 basis points. One thing that would sort of drive that is the rate increase this year was much more than we've had in the prior years sequentially. 2, I think, if you look at the non-stable portfolio, the lease up that occurred in the non-stable portfolio were pushed 190 basis points of increase sequentially in the lease up there. And the margins went up 820 basis points, that's another big driver. And then, there was, as you point out, some additional expense savings, I guess, because of the fewer days in the quarter. So those are the big contributing factors.
Raymond J. Lewis: Well, Dan, there's a couple of things that are going on in the MOB side. One is, we are -- we have a very active best practice program going on in our medical office building portfolio right now, where we're going through, basically, building by building, identifying the buildings that are doing the best on each expense line and trying to take those practices across the entire portfolio. And we're starting to realize real expense savings off of that. And particularly on our gross leases, we'll get the benefit of that immediately. And then, there's also just some timing issues from quarter-to-quarter. As you know, in the medical office buildings, you've got your billings and your recoveries that will, as you look sort of from quarter-to-quarter, create some variation in margins. So those are the 2 primary drivers there.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think, overtime, the objective is to drive down expenses and recover those as the rents turn over in the market. So I don't think you'll see it happen quickly this year, but overtime, we want to try to be able to recover more of the expenses.
Raymond J. Lewis: I mean, I think it's pretty stable. There's -- as we said, there's sort of limited new supply coming online, although there is some. Our portfolio is at a good point where we can start to push on the pricing a little bit and afford to have occupancy remain relatively stable. So I would look at it and say we're probably at a good equilibrium point right now in the marketplace but -- in supply/demand and good spot.
Raymond J. Lewis: No. No. And there's a lot of opportunity within our portfolio, both in the seniors housing operating portfolio, Nic, and our triple-net lease portfolio. I mean, the playbook is to go find assets where you've got good occupancy, strong markets and at or below market rents where you can go in and add some additional programming, add some additional units or add some upgrades to the building and amenities that could enable you to drive rate. And we've got a lot of opportunities across our portfolio, either in the operating side or the triple-net side to go do that. So, no, we're -- $200 million is just a snapshot in time. There's plenty of opportunity for us to go mine in our portfolio.
Raymond J. Lewis: So there's a couple of things that sort of explain that. Obviously, we look at the same trends. And so, one is, I think, the higher-quality, higher income properties performed better during the downturn, and coming out of the downturn, outperformed the market. So I think we saw our portfolio grow ahead of the rest of the market. So that's one thing. 2, as you point out, we are pushing the rates a little bit, so there is some fiction as you start to push rates. And then, I think the third thing to look at in this quarter in particular was it was a fairly nasty flu season. And there was a little bit higher move-out in the portfolio as a result of the flu season. So you kind of put those 3 things together and it paints the picture.
James Milam: I just wanted to clarify a comment that, Debbie, you made earlier on the call. You said you have capacity to do $1 billion of investment this year without raising equity. But what's kind of your target capital structure as you make those investments, particularly given your comments about moving up the rating scale? It's really kind of directed at how should we think about the ATM program in particular.
James Milam: Just how you would -- even though you have capacity to do $1 billion of investments without raising equity, what is sort of your target funding if you are to -- able to close that many new deals this year? Equity versus debt.
James Milam: So, I guess, if you make $1 billion of investments, should we think about $500 million of equity? Or is it...
James Milam: Yes. I'm just -- I guess I'm just trying to marry that with the fact that you guys felt like it was a good opportunity to raise $85 million of equity with the ATM in April. So I'm just trying to get kind of a sense of how you're planning to use the ATM, given that comment and then what you guys did so far in the second quarter.
James Milam: Okay. Let me move on. I guess, I just wanted to ask for a little bit more detail on the loan investment program. And I guess, what I'm really curious is, if you could give us a little more detail in terms of the types of loans you're making, whether they're mortgages or receivables or are OpCo-type loans, where they are, Mez [ph] loans? And then, I guess, also, is this an opportunistic strategy, given the dislocation you see in the market? Or is this something that you expect to be kind of a recurring business line for an extended period of time? And that's it for me.
