Robert Probst: Thank you, Justin. I'll start with our second quarter performance, provide an update on our leverage and liquidity and conclude with our updated and improved guidance. I'm pleased to report that Ventas delivered strong second quarter results led by SHOP and with contributions across the property portfolio. In our Outpatient Medical & Research Segment, or OMAR, we generated over 3% same store cash NOI growth in the quarter with strong margins and stable occupancy. In our outpatient medical portfolio, Pete and team continued to build leasing momentum, executing over 800,000 square feet of new and renewal deals in the quarter, which translated to 30 basis points of sequential occupancy gains. Further, the equalized loan portfolio outpatient medical assets have made significant progress, increasing occupancy 450 basis points year-over-year to 81.5% in the second quarter, leveraging the Lillibridge operating platform and playbook to drive growth. Meanwhile, our university-based research portfolio increased same-store cash NOI by 5.5% in the second quarter, with 160 basis points of occupancy growth across the same store portfolio. Our new leasing pipeline is attractive at 1.3 million square feet, with over half already executed. For the enterprise in the second quarter, we reported net income attributable to common stockholders of $0.05 per share. Our Q2 normalized FFO per share of $0.80 represents a 7% increase year-over-year. Underpaying this result was year-over-year shop same store growth of 15%, and total company's same store growth of nearly 8%. We're seeing the benefit of the execution of our strategy with a 50 basis point improvement in our net debt EBITDA metrics so far this year. Organic shop growth and equity-funded new investments in senior housing are driving the improvement. The multi-year growth expected in senior housing and the robust investment pipeline are expected to continue to improve our leverage ratio going forward. So far this year, we've closed down 350 million of new investments and have raised 500 million in equity. We have included in our updating guidance another 400 million in equity-funded investments focused on senior housing that are expected to close this year. Year-to-date, we completed 234 million in asset sales. And our liquidity at the end of the second quarter was strong at $3.3 billion, including over $550 million of cash on hand and with limited remaining debt maturities in 2024. I'll close with our updated improved 2024 guidance. We've raised our outlook for net income attributable to common stockholders to now range from $0.07 to $0.13 per diluted share. We increased the midpoint of our full-year normalized FFO guidance to $3.15 per share from the previous midpoint at $3.14 per share. Our improved full-year midpoint is driven by $0.025 combined improvement from shop organic and inorganic growth, partially offset by a $0.015 non-cash impact from potential kindred lease resolution in 2024. We've also raised our same-store cash NOI year-over-year growth midpoint expectations for each of our segments. Total company's same-store cash NOI is now expected to grow 7.25% year-over-year, an increase of 25 basis points from our prior guidance, and 100 basis points higher than our original guidance back in February. For additional 2024 guidance assumptions, please see our Q2 supplemental and earnings presentation deck posted to our website. To close, we are pleased with the results for the first half of the year and we're committed to continued value creation in the second half and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator.
Robert Probst: And you're right to say that, that started this year in February, including deals that we hadn't closed was unusual for us. But we feel very confident given the pipeline and the team that we can execute on those deals. We started the year at 350 in our guidance done, closed. We have now 400 million in the forecast to close this year. So doing what we said, the contribution from those is in the two and a half cents increased guidance on FFO from shop organic and inorganic, I would say the split of those is roughly equal. If not tipped a bit towards the new investment. So they are created from the get go equity funded and very consistent with the strategy we laid out.
Robert Probst: Yes, Jim, it is a high quality situation for sure. The conversion price is just below 55. Those get accounted for in the fully diluted shares. It's a really modest impact at this stage and effectively embedded in the guidance, but I put this in the high quality problem camp. But de minimis as we think about the numbers this year as it stands now.
Robert Probst: Sure. There's no pool impact, one, that's been very consistent since February. There is -- depending on whether you're looking year-over-year or sequentially, there clearly is seasonality in senior housing. Again, the key selling season is Q3 running into Q3, typically through September could bleed into October. Then typically, you'll have some moderation in the fourth on a sequential basis. For us, what we're seeing again is just this robust year-over-year growth that's driving the improved midpoint. But if you're modeling sequentially, you should factor that in.
Robert Probst: I like your words mid-teens because the first half, we grew 15%. Our guidance for the year is 14.5%. So pretty darn consistent, I would say.
Robert Probst: I think the key thing to note, as you'll recall, is the contract labor or agency labor profile last year. Which we as we were staffing up really came down first half to second half. And so on a year-over-year basis in the first half on the OpEx port, that's a good guy. You don't have that same dynamic in the back half of the year. So that's a really important part of the answer to your question.
Robert Probst: I think it's a net gainer, Rich. There is some disruption. But honestly, you can sell the redev in many cases to the residents. You can show the plans, they can see the opportunity. And so you see in advance of the completion, you see occupancy and price lift. So there is some disruption net-net, definitely a positive.
Robert Probst: Yes, I'll take that one. So just some numbers. We've sold about $230-odd million. We've got a full year guide of $300 million, so the majority is cash in the bank. It's a very low cap rate kind of in the 2% to 3% range, which is great. And that's led by senior housing. And your other question was, is this capital recycling upgrading the portfolio, exiting nonstrategic markets. Yes. And using the data analytics that we have to identify those markets that may not have that opportunity to grow like the rest of the portfolio. The buyer may see that opportunity and therein lies the transaction. And so we're pleased with that growth rate. Clearly, that's another source of capital for us while upgrading the portfolio. So we're happy with reset.
Robert Probst: Yes. The playbook has been, first and foremost, the organic growth in SHOP is going to be the key driver of leverage improvement. And if you just look at numbers on that, 130 million or so organic growth this year. That by itself is 40 basis points of leverage improvement net debt to EBITDA. And then in addition to that, equity-funded investments is the gravy on top. And indeed, we've been able to do both this year, were 50 basis points lower so far from the start of this year and now -- and that same playbook is going to continue to run out. And it provides financial flexibility and opportunity to go on offense, and that's why we like 5 times to 6 times range, and we'll continue to execute on the strategy to get there.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Nick. Good to hear from you. The answer to your questions are that we are in advanced discussions. We believe we're close on a transaction that applies to the 23 LTACs, whose maturity is April 30, 2025. And obviously we're working for multiple goals, which is to improve Ventas enterprise value, to get the most NOI from those properties that we can, and also to strengthen the master lease and to support kindred's future success. So those are all factors in how we're thinking about it.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Yes, it's all non-cash. I mean, it's a pretty simple, but it's a gap related, somewhat counterintuitive rule. Like basically, if you have a lease with a tenant and it gets extended, you basically sum up the rent over the years and you divide by the period left and that can pull forward an impact. And that's really all it is.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Josh. Thanks for your question. We're excited about the opportunities to invest in senior housing, and Bob will answer your impact question.
Debra Cafaro: Josh, our capital allocation priority is focused on senior housing shop investments and Justin will touch on, there's a series of both qualitative data driven characteristics we're looking for as well as financial.
Debra Cafaro: Great question. And, and one of the things we care a lot about is we and operators are offering residents and their families a really important service. And it's really valuable. Anyone who's gone through it in their families really understands that. And penetration is back at or above, that is utilization by the population is at or above where it was pre-COVID. So that's trending in the right direction. The numbers are gigantic. So that dwarfs the impact even of penetration rate. And importantly, there are a lot of studies that show not only are seniors more secure and enjoy better lives when they move to senior housing from their homes, that it's safer, it's more secure, it's more social, but also it is more expensive to stay in your home. And that's the cost of replacing all those services, even if you can do it, which in many, many cases, if you live alone in a suburban home, you can't even get those services on a regular basis, that it is more economical to move to senior housing. You don't have lawn mowing and maintenance, taxes and insurance meals, etcetera. So it really is a replacement for what you're spending anyway or even better if you're requiring in-home health services.
Debra Cafaro: Hi, Juan. We do have a successful Ventas investment management business, including an open-end fund. It is a great advantage to have that capital available to us. At the present time, because of the REITs kind of footprint and experience and platform in senior housing. We are focused on capturing those opportunities really at the enterprise level, but we have in selective appropriate circumstances done a few senior housing assets with our partners. So most should be to the balance sheet and maybe ones that have a little bit less growth could be appropriate for a more core-like investor base.
Debra Cafaro: Good morning, Tayo. Thanks for the question. Look, we want to give our shareholders some kind of broad directional guidance of our expectations at this time on what the rent levels will be. Obviously, we have a lot of tools in our toolbox that we've used in connection with leases over the years, and that would be equally true here. And remember, our goals, we do want to strengthen the master lease. We do want to capture as much NOI as we can, and we want Kindred to be successful. So we put all those in the basket as we think about structuring and making decisions about a lease extension.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. Good question. I mean one thing that's good about the way we're showing our SHOP results is that the vast majority of our communities are in our same-store results. And so those -- most of those projects in during the redevelopment process. And we take the downs to the extent there are any that time and then remain in now, and that's true for almost all ranges.
Debra Cafaro: And you're trying to get them done so that you're meeting this intensive demand that's right that's present at this time. So…
Debra Cafaro: Yes, you're right. You're right. Today's report may influence that, and we'll continue to monitor and make sure we have a healthy spread between the 2 key metrics to drive revenue and NOI growth.
Debra Cafaro: Again, we should distinguish between year-over-year and sequential, I do think that what Bob said is important in the year-over-year comparisons. And then as we look forward, again, the labor market is pretty dynamic right now. And so -- we're assuming kind of steady as she goes. But as you point out, especially based on today's report, we may see a little improvement in that going forward, but it's too early to say.
Debra Cafaro: And then senior housing with the data analytics, we're curating the portfolio on the buy and the sell side.
Debra Cafaro: Yes. I mean our whole strategy is designed to increase our enterprise growth rate, expand our shop footprint and because of the way we are funding the assets to continue to improve our balance sheet. And you saw that year-to-date.
Debra Cafaro: I mean, right now, our overarching capital allocation priority is to invest in cash flowing senior housing assets that meet the characteristics that Justin outlined and provide near-term accretion, even when equity funded and immediate near-term growth that enhances our enterprise value. That could change over time. But right now, we're very, very focused on that.
Debra Cafaro: Well, they operate their own portfolios for what. But I think what Justin said is a good is a good data point for now.
Debra Cafaro: Got it. I mean it gets into our underwriting, obviously. We look at the last year's, we look at pre-COVID numbers, we look at trailing 3 and where it is kind of at the time of acquisition, and we model what our expectations are going forward. Given the fundamentals you would expect that there would be some growth from, say, the trailing 3 or the in place in that number, typically a modest amount. And in some cases, if occupancy is 100%, we may actually diminish it a little bit. So it really depends on the asset. And most of them will have, as we talked about, given the template for the investments 7% to 8% yields going in with significant near-term growth, you'll see some elevation from the at closing NOI number. But it's modest, but it's ramping.
Debra Cafaro: Thank you so much. And I want to thank all the participants on today's call for your interest and support Ventas. We hope you have a great rest of the summer, and we look forward to seeing you in person soon. Thank you.
Justin Hutchens: Sure. So we are seeing a number of different opportunities. Where we're leaning in is when the pipeline meets our investment criteria and we're very focused on the market asset operator framework, looking for markets that have strong supply demand fundamentals and support strong net absorption and affordability. We do like, apply in the Ventas OI platform. We're also narrating the strong track record in the communities and looking for, generally well invested communities as well. We're primarily expanding with the existing operator relationships, but we have had the opportunity to add some new relationships as well. And we're looking for campuses that include independent living, sister living and memory care, rental campuses. And we're seeing those in the pipeline. The pipeline's been growing throughout the year and we were actively engaged in it. And we like our opportunity to continue to grow.
Justin Hutchens: Well, so first of all, on the guidance, it's occupancy led. We've obviously raised our occupancy expectation and we raised our NOI expectation as well. We did not change the other metrics. RevPOR, in this environment where you have a lot of occupancy growth, mix can be more impactful just due to the sheer volume of occupancy growth that we've had. In the second quarter, there's a couple of things impacting RevPOR. We had mix where we had very strong occupancy growth in our mid-price point product. So it just has an impact on the weighted average. And then there's a year-over-year comp, that's affecting it because of the very strong rent increases we had in certain operators in the first half of last year. As we move forward, we would expect that there's better comps in the second half of the year. We have a large part of the key selling season still ahead of us, a lot of potential volume as part of that. So, mix will remain in focus. And so we thought leaving the TILDA 5 was appropriate, given those facts, and look forward to growing NOI.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, absolutely. So, starting, I'll just kind of highlight, for example, the some metrics around the deal activity that's already closed. In those deals, we underwrote net absorption upside over a three year period in the markets of around a thousand basis points. Very strong population growth near zero new supply deliveries expected in the next few years within the markets. Very attractive investment basis at 250,000 per unit, well below replacement costs. They're about 10 years old on average. There are 124 units offering independent living, assisted living and memory care. Good margins going in, but a lot of upside, going in margin around 28%. A lot of upside as we grow occupancy and rate over time and aligned management contracts. They're rewarding growth both for revenue and NOI outcomes, to the manager. And then, good operators, most of which are existing relationships, but we're also, working with some new operators and the going in yields have been really, above eight thus far. We were targeting seven to eight overall, the unlevered IRRs, low-to-mid teens. So that's the characteristics we've seen and continue to see in this next tranche, very similar characteristics in this 400 million that we have line of sight on.
Justin Hutchens: Well, we're certainly interested in ramping up the activity. We haven't put any targets out there in terms of volume, but more is the priority for sure given the fundamentals and the returns that we're seeing in the investments. The types of sellers, there's some certainly sellers that have debt maturities and they're having to make a decision. Even though fundamentals are good, do they put more capital in or do they, do they, sell the asset and move on to other priorities? We've been able to take advantage of some of those opportunities. There's other sellers that just quite frankly are dealing with fund maturities and they're just active sellers and then there's others that are selling senior housing a little bit reluctantly because they have other asset classes that they're dealing with and debt and other aspects of their fund. And so, we've had a wide variety and that's what's been consistent though is, good fundamentals. We're targeting markets that have really, great upside and then the returns have been excellent.
Justin Hutchens: It is, for sure. So Sunrise, we've already -- that contract, we actually updated A few years ago, it's well aligned. It's really driven through revenue and NOI performance. The fees are driven through realignment. I'm very happy with that agreement. We're -- we have windows in the upcoming few years in the legacy Atria portfolio, that will also be a good opportunity just to improve upon the alignment and that relationship, everything else in the SHOP portfolio is on our newer agreements. But one thing I want to say is that Atria given a lot of the transition they've gone through, there's not a question in my mind in terms of the level of focus they have on operations, particularly on ours. They've -- there's been a number of actions that have led to a much tighter footprint that we've taken some that they've taken and other owners. And so the level of focus that we've seen with them under the new leadership and the contributions they've made to the occupancy across the board that I mentioned and especially in independent living, where we've had 340 basis points of occupancy growth year-over-year. We have their full attention and they have our full support. So we look forward to ongoing good performance with them.
Justin Hutchens: So one of the things that's happened is we're off to a really strong start. So we've actually raised guidance twice now. So and that's due to the outperformance we've had early in the year. As you get into later in the year, Bob mentioned some of the seasonality, you can see in occupancy, you can also see some seasonality in expenses. We've assumed kind of regular inflation in the expenses. That's what's driving that 2.5% OpEx for growth metric that you see as part of the guidance page. And there's utilities and other seasonal impacts you can have in the second half. So you might accuse us to be a little conservative on the expense side, but we're just anticipating kind of normal seasonality.
Justin Hutchens: Well, so we have a page, and if you have our earnings deck, Page 10 will articulate the performance of Canada. Canada grew 12% in the second quarter year-over-year. That was driven by really good rate growth, which was also mix driven. We had a higher price point product that outperformed Canada and drove the RevPOR up and their occupancy is still growing 170 basis points. Canada is 96% occupied now, and they keep growing occupancy. And so it's just a good performer, and we wouldn't expect it to continue to be a double-digit performer going forward, but it's been a good year in Canada.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. So we've been -- we've seen really broad-based growth. We've had better occupancy growth in our products that are closer to like a mid or a mid-high price point. We've seen better growth in the West, which is a relatively lower price point than the East. There's been better growth in lower acuity assisted living and independent living than the higher acuity product, but very strong occupancy growth. And so there's the mix is really just a combination of reasons why our lower price point product is outperforming. It also happens to be the recipient of a lot of the NOI-generating CapEx. And so within that group, we had over 500 basis points of occupancy growth but also had 6.5% of RevPOR growth. So within it, it's a strong contributor to both occupancy and to rate. But as it's a big part of the growth story and the growth profile, it brings the weighted average down from a RevPOR standpoint. So I think the reality is, like I said earlier, the volume is so high mix becomes a bigger factor in the metrics. But key takeaway is 8% revenue growth and 14.5% NOI and really strong occupancy performance.
Justin Hutchens: So it's Justin again. So Brookdale, I'll start here. So it's a well-covered lease. You'll probably notice that if you look at the supplemental that they've moved up a row. And so good coverage, good performer. They have -- we've had growth in our portfolio. They're in markets that we project around 1,000 basis points of net absorption upside. So really strong growth profile opportunities ahead of it. So really, if this portfolio were to make its way to our SHOP portfolio to be very happy. So we're really concerned about an extension. Brookdale has the opportunity to extend the lease. And if they do that, they have to decide by the end of November, all or nothing extension. If they do extend, then the lease will escalate in 2026, at least 3% and as high as 10% based on a fair market value review. Considering the performance and the coverage that I've mentioned and the upside opportunity in the market, we would expect that it could be on the better end of that, but we'll have to wait and see. But we love the optionality we have here and kind of worst case, Brookdale extends and you have a well-covered lease.
Justin Hutchens: So Debbie is referring to my passion project, which is encouraging our operators and communities to get to where they're achieving zero lost revenue days we benchmark this, and we report on it every month and...
Justin Hutchens: Exactly. But truly 100%. So the one thing I love about senior housing business is that you can truly be 100%. We do have communities already in our portfolio that literally are turning units. They may have 4 or 5 out. They're turning all of them with new move-ins within the same month and having zero frictional vacancy. So my point of view, Rich, is it's actually easier, the higher occupied you get. And the reason for that is because you've established yourself as a strong market participant or market leader. Usually, there's an opportunity to fill the last unit or two with just with extra effort. I'm not going to say it's easy, but it's much easier to fill a year or two than to look upward at 20 units. So I like the opportunity in our communities that are over 90% to push all the way to 100 or as close as they can get to it. And the other thing that comes with that, obviously, is scarcity value and price goes with it. So that's the big opportunity. So I don't think I agree with you.
Justin Hutchens: Yes, that's right. So when we're reporting on 133 seasoned projects, those are all same-store and they never came out. They were in during the construction period. And so there's a little disruption we've absorbed already and now we're experiencing the benefits of the upside opportunity from the investment. There's some projects that are a bigger readout that do come out. Those are more intrusive and there's a lot of criteria around defining which projects qualify for that to be in the non-same store pool. But the fees that we're reporting on are definitely in the pool.
Justin Hutchens: So we haven't -- really, everything we've bought has had a combination of services. And so I really wouldn't be able to comment on a freestanding kind of living cap rate, for instance, versus a freestanding assisted living and most of what we're buying has both impendent living and assisted living on the campus, along with memory care services. I know historically, there's been a spread because of the longer length of state independent living a little less there's been like a 50 basis point spread in the past. I don't know that I can really confirm that, that exists today just based on the activity that we have in our pipeline.
Justin Hutchens: Yes. I mean they're there could be some conservatism in that metric. We have to those around everything. We were very explicit around two metrics, one being occupancy, that will be in NOI. The others RevPOR has some mix considerations and then OpExPOR, and they both have year-over-year comp considerations and the OpExPOR we have some comp considerations as well as just an expectation of normal inflation. So we'll just have to see how it plays out. But the labor market has been very favorable.
Justin Hutchens: What I can tell you is that I mentioned in the prepared remarks that the key selling season is off to a strong start, including July. And that's what we have for now.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. Just a couple of quick ones. On July, I want to see if we can get the SHOP same-store occupancy to get a feel how it's improved sequentially.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. And then in terms of the investments, can you just give us a feel -- I know you quote the initial yield, but it's, I think, a year 1 yield. How much NOI growth is embedded in that assumption to get to a stabilized yield, just so we're modeling this correctly.
Nicholas Yulico: I'm just trying to understand like in terms of the initial yield that you're quoting for senior housing, how much NOI growth is embedded in the first year to get to that initial yield? Just want to make sure we're modeling this correctly. Thanks.
