Debra Cafaro: Juan, this is Debbie, I will just take one small part of that and turn it over to others but the HCT is performing in line with our expectations, we would expect that NOI to grow on a moderate basis over the course of the year. It will not be in same-store this year and will appear in same-store in the second quarter of 2016 when we've earned it for a full-year. So Juan, the current same-store I'll turn it over to others to answer your question.
Debra Cafaro: Great questions, so as you know we own the three high quality hospitals in the UK, I would imagine though that the Ardent external growth opportunity are going to be principle if not exclusively domestic, there are couple different categories of potential acquisitions that we would hope to work with our Ardent; one is a classic purchase of no-for-profit hospitals, and that is probably the biggest kind of pipeline, it's what Ardent has been good at in the past, and certainly it's the path that many of the public hospital operator take advantage off because they will buy these assets and make them more efficient. Another avenue would be potential spin-offs or sales by public companies, some of their hospitals, and a third might be really the acquisition of the other smaller hospital companies that are for profit companies. But I do see the first one with the not-for-profit to own the majority of hospitals in The United States as probably the principle pathway to external growth with Ardent.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean I think we would really be looking at hospitals with the significant market share where Ardent could drive efficiencies, utilize and scales it's platform, and have significant negotiating leverage in the market with payers. And so that would be key for us. And also we like Medicare expansion state, things like that; growing populations and demographics, those would be the key things we would be looking at for additional acquisitions.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, it will be an income for investment - in addition we'll have ancillary benefits of having lots of industry relationships that could lead to more pipeline for SpinCo or I'm sorry, Care Capital Property.
Debra Cafaro: Sure. I think it's a little bit different from what you're saying. Actually this is a customer of ours who assumed a purchase option for the asset that was exercised, and so our customer took over operations of the assets which of course and we brought the assets with them and in support of them and that we basically entered into a new lease based upon the purchase price for the assets which would be what is typical. And the coverage is a strong coverage, I believe we quoted above 1.1 [ph] and the lease rate is about 8% or more of our investment. So it's just like any acquisition that we would make with the customer of ours.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, thank you for asking that. We actually did sell some assets to Brookdale in the first quarter, that was part of $0.5 billion that I mentioned. This was really a collaborative transaction there was no purchase option, there were assets that were not performing as well as I think Brookdale, one of them to perform and we reached a favorable transaction with them where we were able to sell them back to Brookdale and we both came out I think where we wanted to. So it was a very collaborative deal.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, I will answer that question. So we have very - obviously, a lot of experience in underwriting and understanding healthcare businesses including regulatory side, so we have an extensive due diligence process that we go through when we deal with these types. And very extensive sort of risk management processes. In general, when we acquire business and have PropCo/OpCo separation, the OpCo is responsible for those types of obligations should there be any. So prior to and after closing.
Debra Cafaro: Well again that depends on the type of acquisition and the particular terms of the transaction in a public-to-public merger, for example, they are typically as you know in any type of public-to-public merger, everybody is on the run after closing. If there are private transactions it all depends on what the terms of the purchase contract say in terms of indemnification for pre-closing obligations. I think again the key takeaway that you should understand is, when we are real estate owner, and we're doing these PropCo the operating company or the tenant is typically responsible for both pre and post-closing reimbursement items, and we typically conduct very rigorous due diligence.
Debra Cafaro: The tenant, yes, the tenant and that's again why it's important that your tenants have significant financial and operating results [ph].
Debra Cafaro: No, no, sorry, if I communicated that. We have - again, multiple sort of backup transaction plans that would continue to limit Ventas’s ownership in the OpCo pursuant to the re-rules to under 10% of the tenant.
Debra Cafaro: I could tell you but then I'd have to kill you. No, we're very - I think we're in a very good spot on that compared to our underwriting expectations.
Debra Cafaro: So as we mentioned we did a collaborative deal with [ph] in the first quarter that worked out well for both sides, part of our new emphasis on capital recycling and improving our portfolio. We have an excellent relationship with Brookdale, we have excellent agreements with Brookdale, and we very supportive of the company.
Debra Cafaro: I think that we feel really good about Brookdale as a leading tenant and we have a good relationship with them Kevin.
Debra Cafaro: I think our commitment to maintain our assets at the highest level, they are generating - they are premium properties and great markets that are generating premiums, reports, where we talked about well above NIC averages. So we're committed to continuing to keep those assets up to good standards, excellent standards. And I think in general we're spending a little bit north of 2000 a unit, we're projecting in terms of CapEx on the SHOP portfolio.
Debra Cafaro: Hi Mike, the - yes, I mean this is a well trident path in the hospital business, I'm going to guess - again, the majority hospitals are not for profit, many of them have lower margins but good footprints in their markets. And what the for profit hospitals will typically do is either buy one of the hospitals and then make it more efficient or they will partner. Yes, in that example, Ardent would go in and be the new operator and overtime increase those margins through driving efficiencies, often times as in the case of our Amarillo facility. In Ardent there might be a 20% or other minority stake that community not-for-profit hospital would retain and that's also a very common model. So that the not-for-profit system could get some of the benefits of those increased efficiencies, so again a very round trident path.
Debra Cafaro: Canford owns assets - Canford manages assets that we acquired and we are working with them to jointly acquire a nice newer portfolio in and around London that they would manage and we would own.
Debra Cafaro: We used to and since hundreds - I think 9% of our business right now it's mixed in with the rest of coverage.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, I mean if you - it's going to be in the closure to wish, a cash flow to red coverage for the kinder grant.
Debra Cafaro: I think we have a great risk-reward proposition at Bencash [ph] for our shareholders which is really reliable growing cash flows, limited volatility, and leases at the top of the capital structure and so on. I do think as the business has evolved and we've been at the forefront of that, there have been different models that we have come up with in different circumstances, both to create alignment with operators, as well as to make money for shareholders, a guard rail sort of way, and we can see that potentially with the 9% stake we may take in Ardent or things like that. So obviously we're careful about what we do and how we do it, we take it very seriously. First and foremost, we want to do business with the best operators, and we believe that we do so. And we're very careful when we do take these equity stake.
Debra Cafaro: Look, again, I think we do business with good operators, Kendrick for example and the other operators we do business with have excelled compliance programs. But as you and I have discussed from time to time in healthcare you do see some of these things occur and I think it's important in any business, no matter how successful you are to remain humble. And the main thing in this situation is that you have good operators, that they good risk programs, that they have good financial [ph] so that they have the ability to - if any of these things do come up to work through them in a position of strength in an orderly way.
Debra Cafaro: Well, there is 3,000 owned by not-for-profit, so even if you took half of them it would be a pretty big number. And importantly these are large single opportunities and I would imagine that we and Ardent together, if we acquired one or two of these things a year, I mean we would be on fire. So the thing I love about the hospital business is, you only need it so big, you only need a little bit of success to be very successful. And I do think that we will put together a really great try ad of top hospital client, TS over 400 hospital clients or have a good private equity partner, hopefully and we'll have our real estate capital and all this capability. So hopefully we can find one or two of the 3,000 not-for-profit here to drive growth.
Debra Cafaro: Again, I mean I think Ventas is always interested in creating the maximum value for shareholders and right now we're very focused on completing the Spin as it's been announced.
Debra Cafaro: Okay, the company is going to be worth $5 billion or upwards of that and [Technical Difficulty] accounting document so policy accounting rules which are booked value.
Debra Cafaro: The Form 10 reflects the booked value, it is not in any way attempt to reflect the market value of those assets which is quite high.
Debra Cafaro: Happy to do that, I think that the rate increase itself is up 1.2%, and as we expected and as everyone knew the L-Tax are going to have patient certification criteria come into play, for tenders that's not going to start until the fourth quarter of 2016, and there is a two-year phase after that. So there will be some individual hospital ups and downs as it relates to that. But in general, this is something that has been expected for some time, and I think you will see it play out over the kind of 2017 plus period.
Debra Cafaro: Yes, yes. So hospitals are proposed rule, again all these rules are proposed, they are subject to comment and they will be finalized in July or August. So in the case of hospitals, they are giving a market basket increase of almost 2%, there are some offsets to that relatively to productivity and affordable care act, and those are again very much in line with our expectations on Ardent. Ardent is doing well, they are performing well, I think we have - and they have modest expectations in the go forward numbers for Medicare increases, and really what you have to do is where you have these markets leading positions in markets, you have to drive commercial pay hour rate increases which really tend to be higher than Medicare rate increases and drive volume and cost efficiencies.
Debra Cafaro: I think we have seen - as we saw in June of last year, a compression of cap rates for quality healthcare assets because of the good cash flows and demand profile for the assets. And so I would say for high quality MOBs and senior housing you're definitely are going to be sub-six, and in some cases for B’s assets, you're going to be potentially six or below if it's a large portfolio. So there has been compression and we're glad that we're early and large owners of both of those asset types.
Debra Cafaro: Okay. Well, thank you for hanging in there with us and I thank everyone else for joining us today and for your support of both, Ventas and CCP. And we look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
Bob Probst: Juan, it's Bob. In terms of the margin question on same-store, you saw decline in the first quarter that was in line with our expectations, you have the seasonal decline in the quarter together with the wage and other cost inflation we had anticipated. In fact it was exacerbated to some degree by flu and weather in certain parts of the region but as we think about the balance of the year debt occupancy will pick up really beginning in the second quarter and accelerate through the back half, that will drive in our minds the operating leverage together with the rate we saw in the first quarter, it's about 3.1% year-on-year to really try to hold those margins for the full-year. So that's really what's in our outlook for the same-store guidance.
Bob Probst: Yes, that is an opportunity that we've sourced where we think there are some strategic benefits to aligning with a valuation form who is going to be further up the stream potentially in transaction opportunities. This is a very well-known group that has a lot of relationships with long standing relationships with our potentially customers. So it's a way for us to expand an acquisition network without a significant investment and in fact a cash return.
Bob Probst: Sure, I'll take the Ventas side. If you look at it, although we haven't included in our guidance I'd give you the back of the envelope that says that the reset of FFO if you like arises from the Spin. If you assume the beginning of the fourth quarter, it would be called the $0.20 reduction in FFO per share for Ventas, the composition of which is through the NOI which is being spun, G&A synergy and then the interest savings rising from debt reduction following a dividend from SpinCo to Ventas. So the net-net of that is about $0.20, obviously the timing is uncertain that's why we haven't included in our guidance. But I think you've got somebody else to capture the quantum for Ventas as RemanCo.
Bob Probst: Yes, so the fee that I referenced was $5 million, and then we do have some escalations that kick-in in the first quarter but from some of our larger tenants that are driving that.
Bob Probst: Yes, so - Canada I think continued to recover in the first quarter. Obviously the year-over-year was quite good on a constant currency basis, NOI was up 7.6%, and occupancy was up 380 basis points, we're coming off of fairly weak comp. On a sequential basis the occupancy was down due to the seasonal trends that we normally see in the portfolio, and then we did have the same impact on whether in the greater Toronto area that we saw and northern New York and into Massachusetts. And then we also have the labor problem there. I would say consistent with what I said last quarter, we would like to see Sunrise make progress on expenses in Canada, and I think in our conversations with them they’ve acknowledged that's a priority.
Bob Probst: You're talking about the leadership and the building. Yes, I mean I think the top line continues to be good. Again, I think the ability to manage the expenses is what we want to see them, now start to deliver.
Bob Probst: Yes, and I think it's important to remember that a number of these assets were - Ventas added very inception in 1997, and before that Invencore were acquired in a pooled accounting method and never written up. So, I mean the basis on these things in some circumstances goes back to 80s. So…
Bob Probst: Just to clarify, the increases in the deal process I think you see in the table and the press release is really a function of the Ardent transaction which is a significant increase in change from where we were last guidance. As I said, we haven't included any cost in our outlook here, including those costs are separation for SpinCo, so that's not in that number.
Bob Probst: Okay, in terms of phasing on same-store, you will see a slowdown in the phasing of same-store, quarter-to-quarter sequentially, that is really a function of the fees I talked about which we realized in the first quarter, don't expect it to recur in the second quarter. Offset in part to your point on SHOP where we will see an acceleration in growth beginning in the second quarter due to that seasonality. So those are dynamics there but net-net for the size of those are such that you're going to have slower growth. At a more macro level we talked about the growth slowing year-on-year and down sequentially, I mean that's really a function of disposition proceeds versus the reinvestment, so disposition really largely realized, reinvestments in our beginning in the second half as we discussed. So it's really a timing issue in all cases.
Bob Probst: Yes, it's consistent with our capital structure so you're going to have - and the disposition proceeds, so we're going to have a mix of funding sources there very consistent with our overall capital structure. Our leverage needs the assumption.
Ray Lewis: That's a good observation and I think if you look at a primary market results a couple of things that need to be taken into account. One, our primary markets are weighted much more heavily towards the northeast where we had obviously the negative impacts of the weather which resulted in increased expenses overtime utilities maintenance costs. The $2.2 million real estate tax credits that we mentioned were also in the northeast. And in the primary markets so again those should be taken into account for consideration and then yes you know there are some wage pressures generally in those markets, which are reflected in the annual increases that felt in the first quarter, it should not continue to grow throughout year in fact, as Bob mentioned that we are occupant and leverage to those cost better in place.
Ray Lewis: Well, you know people are making above that in our buildings, I would say that it does sort off push up the spread - the spread needs to be maintained, so it does have some upward pressure and wages in our building.
Ray Lewis: So it's really going to be the line staff in the building and certain areas of the country where there are minimum wage. So I don't have a specific percentage on that but the variable costs and the building is tend to be about 60% - the largest component of that being the line staff. You also have the folks that are in the kitchen and the housekeepers as well as that would because subject to that.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. I was also ask a question to JD that's something about healthcare and real estate.
Unidentified Analyst: We kind of panned out recently and [indiscernible] across the healthcare spectrum I was wondering when you acquired these business and you're active or this could potentially be an issue, do you have any recourse if they were completely out of operations prior to owning the company.
Unidentified Analyst: Bob, just that I get it right, you highlighted that you might expect some decline in Q2 results I think due to recent disposition volume. But when you look at same-store, what kind of offset can we expect maybe due to seasonality and senior housing, I guess how much seasonality is there specifically an independent living thing? And maybe can you comment on the recent holiday portfolio.
Michael Carroll: Thanks. Can you give us some color on the potential not-for-profit hospital transaction, well I didn't take those hospital operations over and convert them to four profit.
Michael Carroll: Okay. And then how many assets does the inferred outside of the recent deal that was completed, I know you indicated in your comments that there is more opportunities for you to expand a bad operator.
Michael Carroll: Okay, great. And then my last question, can you give us some color on the 12th fund rising assets in Canada. It looks like that the NOI from those assets rebounded pretty good in the middle of last year but over the past few quarters it seems like they kind of - fall back down a little bit.
