Terry Bassham: Yes. We were trying to stress that we're being flexible in our projects over the size and type as we can. And given continued social distancing, we might move some projects back and around. But I wouldn't say we have definitive plans around moving year-to-year that are material.
Terry Bassham: Well, we're flexible in the sense that the same description of the projects, their size and their type, would give us that kind of flexibility. So we don't have a large single project that we might start and have to finish. Having said that, we also don't currently see any need for deferral, given our liquidity position and our plans for both execution on those projects and our balance sheet as a whole.
Terry Bassham: Well, again, I hate to make a generalization around something that's so unprecedented at this time. But again, I would stress the flexibility we have around each of the projects so that we have the ability to move things around, and that from what we can see to date, we don't see a need to make any changes to either near-term or long-term plans.
Terry Bassham: Well, we've certainly seen the effect in bills that you would see, which is a little early to see a big uptick in what would have been disconnections or collections around bills as it's really a month old. That's why we're working so hard both with our own project, our own communications and with our commissions around opportunities to work with customers to avoid those bills from building up. So part of that Kansas recommendation from the staff that we talked about provided a recommendation that customers would be allowed to spread any delinquencies over a 12-month period. That was one of the things we were talking about, and then obviously suggested also that utilities to be able to recover those costs. So it's a little early in that process, but we haven't seen any real spikes in either the accounts or arrear just yet, but it's still a little early, that's for sure.
Terry Bassham: I don't think it's changed our perspective at all on either the chore of committee or the focus of the committee. Obviously, given what was happening in the market, it made sense to everybody that we should delay, if you will, the market -- strategic market activity. We continue to meet. We continue to work on the stand-alone plan analysis, which is obviously internal to us, and make progress there. So we're working. We're meeting. Focus stays the same. Just simply the market piece of that, obviously, we thought would benefit with addition of some additional time. That's really the only change at all, nothing from a focus perspective. .
Terry Bassham: So let me take maybe the middle one first. The 6% to 9% decrease is really, I would say, a product of our work, lest a real offset related to maybe COVID, they fit together, obviously. So I wouldn't suggest to you the 6% to 9% is a limit there. But certainly, that's an uptick, and that's due to our work that we've already been working on in the last year and certainly recently. That's less directly connected, I guess, to what we're seeing from sales because, to your first question, it's really hard, again, as we're sad to say, April would necessarily be what we'd expect going forward. And so I think what we're seeing though is that even though we saw a downtick in April, as most folks would expect, we're happy to see that we -- it is manageable. And at least in the near term, we think we're able to offset a lot of that impact. Obviously, if those impacts lasted all year long, it get more difficult as the year went on. From a '21 perspective, yes, don't really have any way to gauge what effect it might have on '21 other than to say, again, we don't see any capital projects that need to be adjusted. And I would tell you that the 6% to 9% is reflective of OEM cuts that we believe are sustainable.
Terry Bassham: I don't have a range for you, but I would say, obviously, if it continued to be an acute sales issue then you can consider start doing things that are not sustainable. You do things to be responsive to that event. We'd always watch to be sure we weren't doing anything that was damaging the long-term shareholder value. But you could do some things that you wouldn't expect to do on an ongoing basis. We have some room there, I guess, to say. But again, the 6% to 9% are things that we're planning to work on that are sustainable and in our plan. Other than that, obviously, from an ongoing analysis perspective, we're working on other things that could be included too, but we're not through with that work as we move forward over the course of the next couple of months.
Terry Bassham: There is. We could move a case up if we really needed to, but our plan continues to be to leave it in place for 2022.
Terry Bassham: Yes. I don't want to get out ahead of the committee, but I don't think so. I mean I think 60 days, I think, gave us an opportunity to continue on the stand-alone plan work and give us some time for things to settle out. But I wouldn't anticipate at this point, additional delay.
Terry Bassham: All right. Thank you, operator, and thank you, everybody, for calling in. Everybody, be safe. Have a good weekend. Thanks.
