Terry Bassham: Yes. So first of all, Shahriar, yes, we have been talking to our regulators. Recall, in particular, on the Kansas side that the investigation, if you will, with the request by the staff to setup the docket was specifically addressing these issues. And if you recall, we actually supported confidential sharing of information with the staff only, but we have been talking to them along with this kind of dialog for several weeks. And in fact, they have made it clear that they don’t have a preference for a strategic versus stand-alone plan to evaluate both. And in general, and going through the materials that have obviously been worked on by the SROC and the board, they have made it clear that their filing was addressing – the original filing was addressing the concern over the public information that was in the Elliott letter and outlined their concerns there. We are very confident that the STP was prepared with those points in mind, and that we will have them involved in what’s expected to be a very good stakeholder process to discuss all of these issues. We think the STP will meet each of their concerns going forward. What the process look like, we have talked about a stakeholder process that would involve the kind of things you mentioned, the regulators might want, which is long-term energy plan as a base for that conversation, but now obviously, we have the STP as well to discuss. We are excited about the opportunity that it provides us for not only additional O&M activity to drive costs, but also investment in things that will drive better reliability and more certainty for customers and also provide us with ability to move forward with our decarbonization efforts and that stakeholder process will provide us with a lot of support when we go to work on regulatory and legislative support for that. And finally, I think your last question was bill impact. I think we – we believe that the bill impact will be very low and in fact, in Kansas, in particular, less than inflation. Could be slightly higher in Missouri simply because of the PISA piece of it, but it would be again lesser as well.
Terry Bassham: Shahriar, we have talked about before having a backlog there, but certainly the process we have been through over the course of the last 3, 4 months has given us a lot more visual, if you will, to a 10-year plan of again modernizing the grid and upgrading the reliability and technology and customer focus programs.
Terry Bassham: Yes. What I would tell you that the committee conducted a robust and comprehensive process. We had advisors for both the committee and for the company. And yes, we did engage with a number of third-parties. And without getting into a lot of the detail, in the end, the committee and the board both agreed that based on that work and that review that our stand-alone plan produced a better long-term shareholder return profile and that was absolutely the best way to move forward.
Terry Bassham: Yes. So I will let Kevin Bryant talk a minute about the opportunities. He worked on the – that portion of the SROC STP work.
Terry Bassham: Well, obviously, Steve, probably the greater risk part of the process would have been on the bidder side. So obviously, they would look at their opportunity for success in making bids. In the end, as you look, it always affects both. But there is – certainly, we think the stand-alone plan as we presented today is less risky and more likely to be successful and create more value than a merger situation based on the information we gathered through the process we went through.
Terry Bassham: No, what I would expect is, number one, as part of the investigation, we are required to provide a report once a decision is made. And so we will be filing a report in the coming weeks that outlines the outcome of the process. So they’ll receive that. And then what we expect is that the commission staff would participate with other parties in our stakeholder process that will be going through this plan as well as the long-term energy plan. And that’s where we would expect to be able to talk about that. And as I’ve said, obviously, they’ve already seen the information that the board and the SROC saw. So we certainly are in front of them from that perspective. And I think based on all that, we would expect to see through the fall a review and input from stakeholders. One of the opportunities here that I mentioned in my comments is the ability to move up decarbonization in our fleet. And although there needs to be some legislative regulatory work done there, we believe based on our conversations that both states have been supportive of that conversation. So we would continue to have that with them as well as it applies to ultimate approval of the rate case part or recovery parts of the STP.
Terry Bassham: Yes. The plant retirements we will be talking about are obviously coal plants that address CO2 issues and that fits in with the discussion around securitization and regulatory processes that would support that process being moved up. So it would not be closures in the next couple of years.
Terry Bassham: Yes. So there is no one single factor. Obviously, first and foremost, we have commitments we made under the merger approvals in both our states. And so that was a beginning spot that we’re absolutely going to be sure we could meet under any revised plan scenario. Secondly, we continue to work to make our cost to customers more competitive and continue to reduce when compared to our regional peers, that’s through our – again commitment around the freeze in the merger. And so those two things were extremely important. We also wanted though to be able to within that context to be able to drive additional investment, which would allow us; number one, to grow the business for shareholders’ benefit, but also begin to update the grid and decarbonize at a quicker pace. So I’m not giving you more than a several but they all had to fit together. And I think that was the key is if the work was how do we bring those together and do it in a fashion which improves upon our ability to invest our growth rate, but yet doesn’t raise rates for customers, as I said, above inflation in Kansas, takes advantage of PISA, which was there as a avenue that Missouri supports. And then when you put all that together to be able to see how that might compare to other options. And we were very confident that this STP is absolutely the better option in front of us today for long-term shareholder value.
Terry Bassham: Yes. If you look at how the plan was originally put together, we were moving forward with both path one and path two, if you will, as I recall. But we extended the time for a review of strategic options when COVID occurred. And so we began our work and completed our work on the STP opportunity. And once we came to a conclusion on the strategic opportunity, we thought it best to make the announcement to shareholders. There is still a piece of the SROC charter, which discusses their continued work with the board to make recommendations around benchmarks and KPIs for tracking success of the STP and to assist and collaborate with the board on the optimal management team. And so those things had not been done yet. And so we agreed to with it around a 90-day period for that to be done.
Terry Bassham: Thank you, and thank you everybody for joining. Obviously, we are excited to be moving forward with the STP. We look forward to working with our regulators and our stakeholders. And we look forward to talking to each of you more as we continue to progress down our path. So thank you very much for joining. Look forward to talking to you in the future.
Tony Somma: Hey, Shahriar. So as far as the profile, the 6% to 8% is not going to be perfectly linear. As you mentioned, we have a little bit of back-end lift just from the rate case is going into effect. Missouri rates would go into effect starting probably January 1 of ‘23, Kansas, a year after that. So it’s not going to be perfectly linear. As far as the LTEP spending goes, if we are not able to effectuate spending on those assets, we have plenty in the future that we could pull forward, that we can spend money on of other investment opportunities, whether it be grid modernization and grid hardening, etcetera.
Tony Somma: Hey, good morning, Julien. This is Tony. As I said earlier, it’s not going to be perfectly linear. There will be a little bit lift on the back end simply because that’s when new rates are going to go into effect. In the interim period, we will rely on reducing our O&M that will improve our cash flows to help fund this – on this investment thesis.
Tony Somma: Hey, Steve, this is Tony. They’re may be on the lower end of the range in the first couple of years as we’re ramping up spending on the capital side and the offsets we would look to O&M to help obviously reduce that regulatory lag. And then on the back end, obviously, we’re filing rate cases. And so you’re going to get a bit of a lift for those rate cases going into effect in 2023 and 2024.
Tony Somma: Hey, good morning, Michael. This is Tony from the STP plan perspective, roughly 30% of the savings will come on the generation side, another 30% on the T&D side, about 20% coming from the G&A and then 10% from IT and 10% coming from monthly customer care. Those are kind of the approximate breakout percentages of O&M reduction.
Tony Somma: Well, we’ll be executing on that plan, and I don’t know that in any particular period. One functional area is going to outdo the other as far as cost savings go. Part of the work over this process is that we’ve done a deep benchmarking and spent time reviewing those areas. So it gives us a lot of clarity around where those things would come from.
Tony Somma: So Michael, we would like to kind of stay around that 20% holding company debt compared to the total debt outstanding. It’s kind of a Moody’s metric and we’re a lot below that today.
