David Campbell: Good morning. Thanks for the question. We do think that we're – the IRP that we developed in Missouri reflects a balanced approach. And it's focused on as you know rates and also reliability as well as sustainability. So we've got a paced and phased approach adding renewables. The first retirement, we're going to do is our Lawrence plant in Kansas, and our first solar addition will be – it's planned to the Kansas side as well. And you'll see that we phase in over time. We do expect that, you will see ongoing reductions in the amount of energy produced from our coal fleet. That will result in lower fuel and O&M costs as it's energy produced renewables resources, obviously is effectively zero marginal cost. So we do think it strikes a good balance. We have got a tremendous base of resources to pull from. So you'll note that, we're adding wind. In 2025 and 2026 we're planning to. There's no better place to add wind in a more cost-effective place to have wind in our jurisdiction. So we think we do strike that balance. One thing that we saw and our constituents saw as well through the winter weather events is that we need to make sure that we balance reliability. So we can further reduce the energy produced from coal reduce costs in that way, but help to maintain reliability with the phased report approach to retirements.
David Campbell: I'm sure that we'll talk about that as part of our Analyst Day in September, but it's part of the dialogue that we had. You saw that, we included a range for 2025 and that range was reflective of our baseline transmission/distribution infrastructure. But when we put out that plan, we hadn't yet completed the IRP exercise. It's obviously a dialogue that, we have. The most certainty in any integrated resource plan is in that first three year implementation period. We even had much discussion about the IRP that, we filed three years ago for example. I don't know, if many of you all are that familiar with this detail. So we know it's dynamic. Nevertheless, it is our expectation that the renewables investments will continue, and we'll talk more about that in our Analyst Day. But obviously, it's important to go through the process. We haven't yet filed the IRP. We still haven't filed the IRP in Kansas. So we want to make sure we respect the dialogue and the input that we received. And intervening information is important, as we saw with the winter weather event. So we'll say more about that at our Analyst Day. But as a technical matter, we did not include that in the range that we show for 2025 in our year-end call.
David Campbell: I think that, the transmission dialogue is going to be an important one. We already have a partnership in place on the transmission side, with AEP and that's a partnership in which we participated for many years and will continue to. I think there will be incremental opportunities for transmission. And the SPP has a process that they go through. So when it relates to rebuilding our lines, we obviously will drive that. And if there are lines where there's potential competitive opportunity that we need to participate in the process, which in our current set, we would do in our -- through our partnership. Greenbelt is a project that, as you know, has been around for -- I think it's at least a decade or longer. And it's recently been taken on by Invenergy, which is a very capable organization and has got tremendous experience. It's a merchant project, so a different kind of investment. You'd have to make sure that it would work from a rates perspective overall and would work from a regulators perspective, so something that we would continue to evaluate. But obviously any project of that scale and scope and size, as different as it is, requires a lot of review. But it's -- Invenergy is very capable and it could well be part of the mix going forward. I think as we clarify federal policies and potential carbon regulation, that will help to inform what the path forward is going to be for transmission overall. And so, we look forward to continuing to evaluate opportunities in that space.
David Campbell: Yes. Potentially. And we haven't set a specific time line. I don't think we're going to have the Analyst Day on Labor Day, but we haven't set the date to September. Mid to late in the month, but we'll see. 
David Campbell: -- under contemplation? Yes. Shar, we estimate that the impact of that is in the range of $0.02 to $0.03 per share.
David Campbell: No. Paul, they're pretty close. I think it's just the typical process to go through to make sure all the words match, but there are not any material differences. So we're -- I think we're as well positioned as we could be. But in general, the provisions are very similar. And we expect that -- we're optimistic. Obviously, we've got to work through the process, but we're optimistic. And either way, we'll know within the next week, but we think we're well positioned.
David Campbell: So, Paul, I think that's a good question, a good point. I think we were -- it's really more to say that there aren't restrictions as opposed to saying that, that will dictate how the funds are used. Just know that it's not always the case of securitization that there's discretionary of funds. But to your point broadly, all I was saying is that it's -- there are not restrictions that we do plan to use those proceeds, as you note in the general purpose. We do have the opportunity for predetermination on plants that we're seeking to retire, just as we do predetermination for new investments. We like that approach, because that is a separate matter that allows us to get a read on things before taking action. But to your note, there's nothing special about the flexibility, other than its allowed for us. 
David Campbell: Sure. So we'll -- and obviously, if we do a predetermination filing we have a very good sense for it in advance. But the planned retirement of the Lawrence plant in late 2023 is about $350 million, that would go through the -- we anticipate would go to the application for the securitization as part of that process. So it will be roughly that amount. As I noted in my remarks, through the retirement through the general transition of our rate-base given relative investment in T&D, we do expect that coal as a share rate base will get down to the low 20s, by 2024.
David Campbell: Not during the three-year implementation phase. As we know that we see, the retirements that are later in the 20s. And obviously, we'll continue to assess timing in the overall plan as market conditions evolve. But we would anticipate if securitization is an option in both, Missouri and Kansas that would be used for the future retirements in the IRP as well.
David Campbell: So as you know, it's an innovative process and we appreciate the opportunity that the commissions have provided for us to go through the plan and get -- and receive feedback. But they are informational. There's not a formal sign-up that will result from the proceedings. In terms of the procedural calendar the next step for us in Kansas will be we're going to file responsive comments. I think, its next week. And then, we'll have a session on May 24. So it will be an interactive workshop and dialogue. And that's currently the next remaining step in the process, but it could -- obviously it could be adjusted. But it's informational. And we appreciate the comments. We think that the comments overall reflect that we have a balanced plan. And we've seen that reflected generally in the comments we saw in both, Missouri and Kansas. In Missouri, we expect to have a similar sort of wrap-up workshop in early June. Again, because they're informational dockets the timeline could evolve, but the current schedule has us wrapping in the late May or early June timeframe.
David Campbell: Mike, I think that it's fair to say that the review across STP is still an ongoing process right? The -- I think that we and the entire system have a lot to learn and the analysis is not yet done. As a technical matter, we have a, accredited capacity requirement that we need to meet. And we can -- with the retirement of Lawrence we are within our buffer. So you're right in looking at it that way. And the more we retire, the more we're going to have to look at replacement capacity. But I think it's also fair to say, that the event reinforced that a lot of the rules and approaches are geared towards summer peaks and not necessarily towards winter peaks. So the IRP exercise is much a balanced one of thinking about okay, if we are factoring in reliability along with affordability and sustainability, a measured approach to retirements is it makes the most sense, because your additions of renewables particularly wind. But also solar which is -- is less effective in dealing with winter peaks you need to factor that in as you're considering, how you're going to be ensuring the reliability part of the equation. So it did -- the winter weather event at least factored into the dialogue overall. But I think it's fair to say that it's going to be an ongoing evaluation and not just in our area. We'll be able to learn across our system and other systems as well. But I think it is certainly fair to say that, as we consider the event we do believe, the energy production from coal will continue to decline. And in that way you will see ongoing benefits for customers' lower O&M and fuel costs. But there will be a reliability benefit of keeping them in the system until you've certainly got sufficient replacements to ensure reliability. So, some of that thing is reflected in the plan. But of course, we'll -- the IRP is most certain for the three-year implementation period. And as market conditions and technology evolves, there's no doubt that we'll continue to look at it. But we think this plan reflects the right balance for now. 
David Campbell: Yeah. The -- on the IRP calendar, there's a -- so file Kansas effectively sooner than July one deadline but there's still a Kansas filing of course. Then you give an annual update before the triennial filings. So will the next IRP get it updates will be in a year's time. Then there'll be a formal triennial update in three years. But gosh I think for everybody if you look back last year or two years ago or three years ago there's, been a lot of changes to the IRPs, because it's a pretty dynamic environment. So, hard to predict the future, I think you're right about the Analyst Day. I don't expect fundamental changes to the IRP per se. But in the next year two years, three years, I'd be surprised, frankly there are changes for everyone just, because the landscape continues to change, as you know well.
David Campbell: Great. Well, thanks everyone for your interest in Evergy. Stay safe. And have a great day. Thank you.
