David Campbell: It's a great question and obviously, that's something that we're going to work collaboratively with HCC staff in particular on the approach. Our objective in the workshop is outside the context of a litigated proceeding to really discuss with all parties and ground ourselves and what's the best way for Kansas to have a competitive approach to attracting capital. So we anticipate this is going to be a workshop, not a decision-oriented meeting, but a workshop that enables a robust discussion the underlying facts in terms of approaches across the country and Kansas, the competitive landscape. How the impacts the strengths as a relative utility and our ability to attract capital. And so, we really think it's a good dialogue to help level set. Not leading to a decision, but to help to have a level setting approach and how we best position Kansas to attractively - to attract capital competitively. And doing that before the rate case, outside the rate case winning is a best way to have a good dialogue around it. And the details will be forthcoming obviously as we finalize them. So I won't get ahead of that. We do expect it to occur in the fourth quarter.
David Campbell: There will be advance notice when the dates are set. We’re not trying to hide anything. It’s really just lining up calendar. So we're going through the pitch.
David Campbell: Yeah, the approach we're taking is really specific to each situation because it really varies frankly based on, location matters a lot, based on availability within the transmission system, what kind of upgrades may be required. So, particularly with the large loads, we found that rule of thumb it’s such a wide range and it's not especially helpful as a rule of thumb. So we generally are linking that to specific projects. So we'll update our capital plan to reflect the projects that are been announced and the specific impacts that they have. So, for example, in our capital plan update we'll do in the third quarter, the Google announcement was subsequent to our last capital filing will incorporate the impacts of the Google announcement and its impact on our T&D system in that update. But the rule of thumb really varies significantly based on size of customer and specific location. We did mention - I know that folks are interested in the quantification of size. We were comfortable describing how projects representing more than six gigawatts were in active discussions with those parties. But of course, we're at being at the end of the earnings season, we've seen a lot of different companies have discussed very large numbers. There's no doubt that different counterparties are talking to various utilities. That said, we're excited by that we are in very active and specific discussions. So we look forward to advancing those in the coming months and our approach will be to really nice specifics when customers are ready to announce at the same time.
David Campbell: Good questions. Unpacking several in it there and thank you for clarifying on the capital plan refresh because it's a good point. So the capital plan we published back in February did not include the Google announcement. The IRP that we published in April and May did reflect the Google announcement but was not incorporated, and the IRP refresh was also not reflected in the capital plan refresh. And so, any subsequent announcements would not only be incorporated a cap plan refresh, but also be incorporated in any of our resource planning going forward. So hopefully that's clear as none. But it's, so, again, that capital fund refresh is going to reflect both Google and the new IRP. But any further announcements beyond the three that we mentioned will entail like incremental resources additions because we're, like many, we’re really hitting our capacity constraints. The six gigs that we described are – it reflects not only datacenters, but there's a large range of onshoring manufacturing opportunities, but certainly fair to say that datacenters are the largest, but there's a range of different industries that are looking at our region. Frankly, as reflected by the Panasonic announcement, because it's a very big player too. So, 6 gigs incorporates a diverse set of industries. In terms of tariffs, we've got a pretty good set of tariffs that we can leverage within our system today. So it's a little bit TBD. But we anticipate that we'll be moving forward largely leveraging the existing tariff structures that we have in both of our states because we've got an array of things already on the books. And we will consider I know in some other jurisdictions folks who launch specific proceedings around tailored rates, but we like the different structures that we have in place. How we are thinking about it is, just to make sure that the economic development rates that were put in place are there for reason. They're there to attract economic developments, but at the size of the potential loads we’re talking about and the resource additions they may retail for the incremental lows that we're looking at thinking about, how do we make sure that we've got a rate structure that takes account of the incremental cost for being incurred. So it's a fair approach that really benefits everyone, because we think it is a win-win to all of us.
David Campbell: Thank you, Nick. We anticipate that we're really focused on the CapEx plan and the rate base growth in the third quarter call as well as the associated financing plan. So those are the elements that we expect to cover in the third quarter. And our typical cadence in talking about earnings is the fourth quarter, but we're absolutely going to go through as we talk about the CapEx plan in conjunction with that, I think rate base growth and our financing plan will be to focus on that - on that call.
David Campbell: No, thank you for your question. The IRP that we put forward obviously reflects the mechanisms that are in place in Missouri today. So you'll see that we and the other large utilities in the state are planning to build new generation including a new natural gas, it's in our integrated resource plans. I think it will be very important to find ways to do that in a way that’s particularly effective from a credit metric and cash flow perspective. So that the construction work in progress mechanism and a piece extension to include new natural gas will be helpful and enabling Missouri to be competitive and sourcing natural gas plants. We thought there was a great dialogue around those provisions in the last legislative session. At the end of the day, there was a new legislation passed, but the range of stakeholders who were supportive of new natural gas generation and having new dispatchable generation in the state that was a broad and diverse set of folks who are support for that. So we look forward with other utilities and the other stakeholders to supportive to advance that dialogue in the upcoming session. And we won't have a in the same General Election dynamics present in the next session. So we'll really be able to focus in on the merits of those provisions we think there is broad based support. But I do think new generation is important for Missouri to take advantage of the growth that it is on the Missouri side of the state line, both Google and Meta, for example are in our Missouri jurisdiction. So we look forward to advancing that dialogue because having a diverse portfolio, growing that portfolio is important to support the growth that we expect we can we can attract into Missouri.
David Campbell: On the Google side, they're given very high. They had a very – the public announcements are very broad set of stakeholders, the Mayor and state officials from Missouri are present. They've lined at the land and the site. So, I think site work is underway. I don't think the datacenter construction has yet started, but Google is very committed to the region as reflected by their public announcement there. So we're excited by – Google is excited about building facility in our region.
David Campbell: So, and that the process in both of our states we have a triennial update, but we have an annual refresh. So yes, in practice, you'll have an update next to the same time in next year April and 1 May in the other and the triennial updates historically were the more significant ones it was a process in Missouri, it's still relatively new process in Kansas. But with so much happening on the demand side a lot of changes are now happening year-to-year. So, yes, we'll have an annual process and we'll - so that as new loads emerge and we add them to our plans. Those will be reflected in our annual update.
David Campbell: So, and Michael I know that you're missing your fellow Demon Deacon and let’s it's call so we're going have to know insights wake for us comments this time, but the - we expect Pete gave me a little elbow and my response, I think will of course comment on our earnings growth expectations in the third quarter call. So, we will - our focus is on what the CapEx plan update will be. But we're planning to talk about the financing strategy that’s because obviously if you put changes to a CapEx plan, you've got to talk about your plans for financing that. And we'll talk about our financing plans through the period of the CapEx refresh. So, if it - five-year update on the CapEx plan. We will talk about our financing plan through that period.
David Campbell: Well, we had Kansas rate cases in 2023. So on a - if we're on a typical cadence of every other year, I would expect that we will be revising Kansas next year. And we've seen that with the piece of framework and again, I think that the every company is different, every situation is different, but we see some other utilities who operate in piece environments and they are - they've established a cadence that's typically often an 18 months timeframe. We want to be there are pros and cons to more frequent cases, but of course with the investment levels that we all have more regular cadence of rate cases helps with respect to keeping up with that level of investment. And but also helps with the level of predictability pure step function changes for customers. So I think they're balancing the workload with the benefits of a kind of a steady progress. That's why I mentioned that while we expect every year, some will be more frequent, some less, but we certainly have seen in piece of jurisdictions where some players who establish a cadence sort of that 18, 24 month timeframe is often pretty effective and efficient.
David Campbell: I think the workshop process will largely conclude our expectation is it will wrap up before we get in the rate case, Michael and it’s - we don't want to overstate, but we also don’t want to understate. That workshop is really to enable a dialogue around what the pretty important provision and feature for the competitiveness of Kansas in attracting capital. But it's a dialogue we want to have with our stakeholders in Kansas. And there's one thing that I've learned in my time these few years and it reinforces my experience in the industry. We just want to be on the same page with and being alongside our regulators and key stakeholders in our state. We think our Kansas regulators of constituents recognize the importance of the economic development opportunity we have and the importance of being competitive in attracting capital. So, we need the dialogue will help to level set for that, but it's and our goal is that we have that workshop in the fourth quarter. We think it will wrap up before we get into the rate case.
David Campbell: But I would reinforce your comment, I think there are a lot of positive dynamics that we're seeing in our jurisdictions. Our level of rate-based growth is low relative to our peers. So 6% rate base growth we look across all our peers. I'm sure you have as well that there's typically a gap between what that rate base growth level is and what the earnings trajectory is, because you have to finance that growth and there's often a little bit of lag. Pieces are very effective mechanism for mitigating lag, but it still has some. So, what we want to get into the cadence of is, the level of investment, the pace at which we’re – if we are increasing our investment, the pace at which we increase investment, then that's going to have to roll through into rates on rate cases. So part of it is the timing of when these positives are manifested in the underlying trajectory. You also have to have a financing strategy and making sure that the financing strategy is incorporated in your front of the math. In other words turning the ship in a regulated industry, turn it overnight, but I think there are a lot of positive dynamics and I say not turn overnight because you do have to roll through the cadence the rate case is getting that investment and your rate base and then getting them into rates. But the dynamics that are the tailwinds, the economic development opportunity that supports infrastructure investment, because you're adding new loads. You can spread those fixed costs, those are real positives as you noted. So we think those are nice tailwinds for us as we systematically work through our plan and we don't plan to get ahead of our regulators and stakeholders on that. We will be working with our constituents, but we think we are all aligned and being very excited about the economic development opportunity, which is the fundamental tailwind for us.
David Campbell: So, it's - as we noted in our materials, the 2% to 3% weather-normalized demand growth through 2028 is reflective. While we given our earnings growth the target through ’26 which Michael, indirectly teed up that he’d like to see that go longer. But it's a - we've given that the earnings growth rate through the 2026 but that sales growth rate we've extended through 2028.
David Campbell: Yep, Travis that I think if you if you look at our disclosure on the slide, you'll see that our base demand growth projection was 0.5% to 1%. And then when we add on these new large loads through 2028, we see that growing to 2% to 3%. So I think in that interim time frame, you would see us moving from one range to the other range over time.
David Campbell: So, thank you, Paul for the question. We - if you recall that in our rate case last year there was luminous testimony filed on the on the topic. Ultimately, we were able to tell all parties we’re able to reach a settlement that was approved by the Commission. So it was an item that was settled. And it was also an item that was part of the legislation advanced earlier this year. Ultimately, it was removed from the legislation, so HB 2527 included PISA with a 90% deferral and included a construction work in progress mechanism for new natural gas plants. But we with the parties agree that on the capital structure issue, moving from the legislation, let's have a dialogue around it. Later this year so our objective and I think is pretty straightforward. It's really to have a discussion around that. Outside the context of the contested case, the litigated proceeding and really try to level set on what is the prevailing practice. How does Kansas stack up in terms of competitiveness where to - how does it typically impact the company’s credit and other factors. So it's really just an opportunity to have a dialogue around an important issue that drives the competitiveness in attracting capital outside of a rate case. Now in the next rate case, return on equity, capital structure other things will of course be part of those proceedings. So we think having this dialogue on a topic that was at the gear of focus in ’23 when we were teeing up the importance of being competitive and attracting capital. The parties agreed and the legislative process has a workshop. So not overstating on what we're seeing or accomplished, but it's an important topic and we look forward to dialogue outside of the rate case filed.
David Campbell: So, I think that the rates that the economic development rates that are available, because there's also a series of rate structures that are around the contemplated incremental costs are being incurred. So, I think our view is that, but particularly the size of loads 6 gigawatts up to 6 gigawatts or more, do you want to make sure that the rates that you're including are ones that reflect the incremental cost, but it doesn't mean that every rate structure is only based on incremental costs. The number of jurisdictions where the rates are based on the average cost across the system because in some instances, right, the incremental cost of a new generation maybe higher than the average installed base not always the case. We're just trying to make sure that the great thing about having a set of structures that are already in place that the rates that are in place don't end up where a huge burden is shifted to other existing customers. And we think there's a path to get there. I think that’s very similar to what other jurisdictions are grappling with the same time, Again, when you're in a situation where it's 20 megawatts of incremental load, and you've had excess capacity in the system that was often in the past sort of price and marginal costs, it's a different context here. But I think the answer is, actually probably pretty similar across different jurisdictions. It's finding a set of rate structures that make sure that you're adequately covering the overall cost to the system when you've added that much new load.
David Campbell: Great, thanks, Didi. Thanks everyone for your interest in Evergy. Have a great day and have a great weekend. That concludes the call.
