David Campbell: So Shar, I'm glad you asked the question. The STP is our plan. We think the Board appointments today will really just help us to execute that plan and implement the program. I think, with any 5-year plan, you're always looking for opportunities to enhance and drive performance. But if the STP is our plan, they're really joining to help us execute the plan. Kirk, K.B. and I - Kevin, Brian and I and the whole team will be looking for ways to shape and implement that plan over time. And we've had discussions in some of our meetings on - are there going to be opportunities for further cost savings or driving that over time. I think the company has done a tremendous job as shown in 2020 before our arrival of being on a great trajectory of cost reductions. I'm sure we'll continue to focus on that, but we'd just emphasize that the Board appointments are to help us to implement and execute the STP, which is our plan. And we're very excited about that plan.
David Campbell: Yes. The total size of the warrant grant is just under $4 million, so it could be up to that amount. They're not transferable for exercise, and it's just under $65 a share, a 3-year term. And so that's the overall setup for it.
David Campbell: No. I think we think securitization is an important tool. We think that this extreme weather event is something they're all going to - the whole industry is going to need to step back and think about what it means. But we still think this is an important tool. It may reflect that for some of our units. Is a seasonal operation option or a more limited option going to be important, especially as we think about winter peaks and the winter season? We even think about how might that even fold into some of our legislative efforts over time. So I actually think that this event, if anything, helps to spur interest in the overall topic. So we found good engagement on securitization and the different pros and cons of it as part of the greater awareness of the whole issue as a result of the event. So I don't mean to imply at all that we're backing away from securitization efforts. We think it's an important legislative effort. We're just trying to highlight that, as with - we don't develop a plan that's dependent on new legislation. It's a tool that can help. And we actually think the dialogue is even more constructive as a result of the difficult events that we've seen this month.
David Campbell: So we affirm the growth rate range target for 2019 to 2024. So we - and there are some questions that I first started around the management team coming in and trying to reset or rebase the plan. No. The management team is here to help execute the plan. And we benefit in first case that he was around on the Board to help develop the plan, too. So we do - we are reaffirming the 6% to 8% through 2024. We introduced 2025 CapEx, but we're not yet speaking to the longer-term range. We're planning to cover that at the Investor Day. We expect to do that in the third quarter following our IRP filing. So expect to hear more about 2025 and going out another year at that time. But right now, we just want to make sure that everyone hears it clearly from us that we're reaffirming that 6% to 8% target through '24, and we look forward to having an in-depth conversation with everyone at our Investor Day in the third quarter.
David Campbell: Sure. And so 5 years out, and we've talked about this, I think, in some of our discussions last quarter. We have a very robust pipeline of projects through the balance of the decade. And that's really to signify that, as we get closer to '25, if it makes sense, of course, we'll firm up that number over time. We've got a strong backlog, so we could see that number being higher. But of course, we'll look at that in the overall balance of considerations. But we could certainly see that CapEx number trending towards the high end or the midpoint of that range. And it just reflects we've got that strong pipeline. And it's also shown - this is something again that we'll be going through in our Investor Day. But what I've been pleased to see is that we've got a great set of projects ahead of us in the next 4 years. But then the balance of the decade, we've got a very robust pipeline as well.
David Campbell: So Michael, that's a great question. Obviously, I'm new to Kansas and Missouri, so I look forward to engaging that dialogue with our key stakeholders here. I think we're all going to learn from the event and, in particular, what the overall planning for reliability needs to look like for winter because the renewables profile matches up extremely well with summer peaks. High correlation with solar generally with the on-peak times, good ability to charge batteries. Wind tends to run at night or other times. The winter can be more of a challenge as we think about it. So as I think about that question, and it's going to be a dialogue again with our stakeholders, I know for me I thought about, well, a big chunk of what you described is, can we replace energy production from fossil and from coal, which is higher cost and higher emissions, and replace a fair bit of that energy with ongoing renewables? But are we going to maybe need to think about seasonal operations or other factors, especially in peak months, where you're still reducing the energy production from fossil and from coal pretty significantly, so you're still getting a displacement, but you're not losing the reliability benefit? Now those plants were not designed to be peakers, so they're not peakers. But at the same time, all coal units across the country have significantly increased their flexibility. I think, certainly, seen that in my past experience. And having those kind of units available for peak months, winter and summer, may be a more prominent part of the mix. So you may see - again, this is - we're all going to have to have this dialogue and evaluate over time. We shouldn't react in a long-term business like ours to 1 week. But I think we may well see where there's maybe less emphasis on retirement and more emphasis on variabilizing cost and keeping existing units that provide very critical support at critical times in the system. So that's where I think the discussion might go. But what's going to be important for us is that we participate in that dialogue, we listen. And I look forward to engaging with our key stakeholders in Kansas and Missouri on that. Because I think we all saw that, when you have sustained outages in the winter, and we're very lucky that our outage is while unprecedented were relatively brief. It's not much harder than the summer when you have those outages because it's so cold. That's very detrimental to health. And it's that much harder to restart things when they're off-line when it's that cold. So much to learn.
David Campbell: That's an insightful question, Mike. We have looked at that, and we'll continue to. There are a couple of facilities where that could be an option, and then there are probably the balance majority where the pipeline infrastructure is simply not there, so it requires a fair bit more than just converting, but I think that will need to be part of the discussion. Now as we all know, with the wind and weather event, what happened is having that inventory in a fuel pile, a coal pile was pretty helpful and gas can be pretty hard to come by, so the - that I think is going to need conversion to a more of a gas peaking kind of unit where possible. I think it should be part of the mix. But I think we'll also want to think about - because it is generally the case, and the winter peaks, in particular, the gas availability can become challenged or more expensive. But we have looked at that. That's an option in a couple of spots. But for many of our places, you need more extensive infrastructure build-out. It might preclude it being possible.
David Campbell: Sure. So as I mentioned, that's a real small part of our business. It's been in the business for a long time as part of the legacy Westar company. And we found it would be helpful to have because the regulated utility we still operate in a market. So having a group with commercial functions and insight in the market does help and add value to our asset management activities that are part of our core business, but it's historically been pretty small. And it generally takes long positions and transmission positions and relatively limited trading positions. What was unusual about this event is that they had - they still only have a relatively small number of positions and transition based, but they were long in ERCOT. So with prices being so high for so long in ERCOT is why even a quite small business with only a couple few small positions generated margins in excess of what's typical. The reason why we've excluded the - kind of the excess performance during the week is that we don't expect it to recur at that size. This is going to continue, we think, to be a very small part of our business. So we're not going to - it'll be reflected technically in our adjusted EPS, but we're going to describe what it is, make it very clear. And our guidance of $3.30 that we put out was - did not include the expected positive impacts from the week's event. So it's a positive, but it's not something that this business we expect will continue to be quite modest size. So it's - it did happen, and it's a reflection of the sustained event that occurred in Texas.
David Campbell: Well, typically, the business is - so typically, the business is about $15 million to $30 million of gross margin annually. So after costs, it's been anywhere from approximately $0.03 to up to $0.07 a share, so small.
David Campbell: Yes. So we haven't quantified it yet because the settlement process is still ongoing. What we estimate is that the results could be up to 3x higher than the high end of what we might earn in a typical year.
David Campbell: No. It's not all FERC jurisdictional. That's our total transmission. I think you might be doing apples and oranges.
David Campbell: Yes. And we've added '25. But obviously, that - the difference between '20 and '25 million is not accounting for the difference in year 2. So well, maybe - if you've got us to the slide that you're comparing to, with a bunch of follow-ups with our team, and we can cover that because I'm not sure which slide, you're looking at, but we can definitely work that with you off-line because the plan has had some phasing shifts and some recategorization. But in general, '20 to '24, there weren't major changes, some phasing on renewables in particular, and then we just added '25. But we have to go through that with you off-line.
David Campbell: So our plan is not dependent on any single or even several large projects. It's the sum total of a lot of different projects, which I think is good in terms of diversification. I do think that the importance of transmission was clarified and magnified by the events of last week because you can have localized issues. You can have plants go down. You can have wind not blowing in some places and maybe blowing in others. The resilience of the transmission system and the importance of the transmission system, I think, was absolutely reflected in the events of this past month. But we're not - our plan is not dependent on any big, large projects that are a significant percentage of the overall total.
David Campbell: So again, my first call as CEO, I'm very excited to be part of the team here, very strong team. I want to complement their efforts during the extreme weather and their efforts to serve our customers and keep the lights on. And thank you all for your interest in Evergy, and have a great day. Stay safe. Thank you.
Charles Fishman: Okay. That's what I thought because it's really jumping, $1.9 billion to $3 billion, and I thought - I mean, I know that's been strong, but that looks like a little too much.
Charles Fishman: Look, the fact that rate base and look at the right side of Slide 21, for rate base going from 12% to 17%. Still, that's a big focus of your investment over the next 5 years.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Great. And on that - let me just - that transmission. Is there a specific project you're depending on? Or is it just a lot of little stuff? And certainly, I would think the events over the last couple of weeks are going to make that - the hurdle of getting - any that requires approval a little bit easier.
