Tony Somma: Roughly. There are some ongoing open market purchases, but the ASR that we disclosed in the Q is around $450 million and those shares were done via 2 separate ASRs and there’s one remaining yet to be closed.
Tony Somma: Well, there may be some ongoing open market activity as well and additionally to what was disclosed in the Q.
Tony Somma: So there were no COLI proceeds received in the quarter. And typically what – this is our legacy Westar COLI plan, we will take studies from our actuaries and we’ll include those in the projections that we put out, and we’ll have more clarity on that when we give earnings guidance in 2019.
Tony Somma: We can revisit that and look at it. Once we get we’ll be more germane to give the kind of the impact on the EPS, but...
Tony Somma: Well, certainly in the quarter it was. And what the ASR allows us to do is lock in a discount to the VWAP over whatever period of time the ASRs outstanding. So that’s what’s attracted to us. The other forms we like the open market purchase, both of those we talked about in our last call and don’t see us deviating away from those two avenues here.
Tony Somma: We’re allowed to retire those shares. So the way ASR works, is we’ll shake hand with the bank or banks and they will go out and borrow those shares and deliver them to us, and we will retire those shares. Normally, it will be approximately 80% of the notational value of the contract that you get delivered upfront.
Tony Somma: So what we disclosed in the Q, what was delivered up front and then also what was delivered on the closure of the one contract by the end of August, those shares have been retired.
Tony Somma: If we enter into a open market purchase plan in an open window, that transcends future blackout period.
Tony Somma: Steve, this is Tony. So as we thought about the dividend, yes, I think the way you characterize it was correct. It’s kind of rebasing. Five months after merger close, the Board raised the dividend. And we haven’t issued guidance yet for 2019, which is something that we had to consider. And also, as you know, we’re buying back a lot of shares at this time and don’t know that it makes sense to have a higher dividend today as opposed to seeing how things progress next year.
Tony Somma: Yes, so we’re going to target a 60% to 70% payout ratio, commensurate with the EPS growth rate. It might not be exact every year or match it perfectly. But, yes, the long way to look at that is earnings growth 6% to 8% in the long run, the dividends should grow along with that.
Tony Somma: Well, we haven’t really issued any forecast period, Steve. So we’d be subject to – the lumpiness that we’d be subject to is really somewhat ameliorated by the rate case settlements that we reached in the stay-out period over the next 3 to 4, 5 years.
Tony Somma: Yes. But it’s not perfectly linear obviously as we’re going through the process of buying back shares.
Tony Somma: Well, we haven’t obviously published our EPS guidance next year or drivers, but Ashar, I’d say, although it won’t be exact with it, we’ve done here recently, what we’ve disclosed and what we said. We basically will have 9.5 million shares in over roughly 100 calendar days, so that translates to about 34 million, 35 million shares in a year’s period of time. So I think you can kind of follow that math.
Tony Somma: Yes. I think that’s kind of what we said and – if there are opportunities to do something different, we’ll look at it. But nobody at least that I’m aware of knows what the future is going to bring for evaluations on utilities. And we feel that the best strategy going forward is to kind of dollar cost average of share repurchases through the avenues that we mentioned.
Terry Bassham: Yes, this is Terry. I wouldn’t expect a lot of dramatic changes. The renewable tariff, in particular, relates to specific customer desires, needs, but in terms of grid modernization, those kind of things, we’ve been along that pathway. PISA provides us with the ability to work through PISA to make sure that we’re earning our allowed returns. But I think we’ve been pretty clear, leading up to the legislation and since that we don’t expect to then increase necessarily overall CapEx as a result, but instead utilize it to be able to earn our full return. So all that’s going well, going as expected. And I don’t think other than having some customer growth and having some folks, we’re doing things for when they come to town. We don’t expect any dramatic change in what you’ve seen up to this point.
Terry Bassham: Yes. Yes, I’d say we’re very happy with our settlements. Obviously, the plan was through the merger of the settlement of the merger agreement to be able to continue kind of that pace of working with parties as we head into a period of no rate cases, and we’re very pleased where those came out, being able to settle with almost everybody and address lots of folks different needs within the plan that we had out there. So for sure, from a regulatory perspective, we’re very pleased with the work that team is able to do and the relationships we have with our jurisdictions. On the synergy side, yes, we continue to work on those plans, and we obviously have a lot of plans already in place and everything is in line with our expectations.
Terry Bassham: No. We have a long history of working with our governor office and legislators in both states. Don’t see that changing with the governor in Kansas. We did have legislation in Kansas last year that was driven in large part by some of the rate case stuff that was going on. It wouldn’t surprise me if we have to continue to deal with some of those, in particular, individual customer issues. But in general, I don’t think anything that’s occurred concerns us in terms of our ability to work with our legislators and the governor in both states.
Terry Bassham: Yes, Ashar, I would say, I know there’s a lot of questions about the buyback, but we’re doing exactly what we said we’d do. We’ll being measured, we’re being patient and we’re being opportunistic if it presents itself. So as Tony said, I mean, I think you see can see from our first report out, that’s exactly what we did and would anticipate continuing to do that.
Terry Bassham: Thank you, everybody. I know it’s a busy time. And we certainly look forward to talking to a lot of you next week in San Francisco. So thank you, much, and have a good weekend.
