Terry Bassham: Yes, Greg, it's, -- it's part of an ongoing process for us to continue to look at jurisdictions where opportunities exist, that may be done in the others and look for additional opportunities and the latter years is our five-year plan we've talked about that we continue to work on. In particular, Missouri has a piece of opportunity, where we can invest additional dollars without creating additional lag during this period without rate cases, a mechanism that Kansas doesn't have. So, it's an obvious first step in that process and we're going to continue to look for additional opportunities both from that perspective and from just a long-term growth.
Terry Bassham: Yes, let me hit a couple of those points. The first is, we feel really good and maybe one of the benefits of spending a two year period on the approval processes is that we feel really good about our execution on the synergy savings. And I think, as we've reflected in the results, the first half of the year, not only we're executing as expected, but we're finding some additional ones. Again some scale opportunities as we do some synergy work and expansion on our RFP processes that we have been very happy with. So, we've seen some flexibility there on the upside, just from a synergy side and will continue to work on that. Long-term no, we don't expect that to stop. We would expect to continue to find opportunities that we were either hopeful or our plan to evaluate, but didn't have a number attached to, and I will also complement our teams throughout the company for working together hard to find those very things that may be from scale, maybe just finding the right way to do something between the two companies and that route way may be neither way we did it before in those companies, but drives efficiency both in headcount, an opportunity. I mentioned I think in my comments that we've got a new customer information system we're working on. We expect that to drive additional efficiencies over time. And then finally, to your point on future opportunities, yes, we continue to see our -- as Tony mentioned, our geographic location through Western Kansas as a strategic advantage to us, as we all try to look to be more green and satisfy our customer desire for more green results, which are also very cost efficient at this point.
Terry Bassham: Well, probably the most appropriate thing to say at this point, because we haven't finished our work, as if you just calculate a cap on what piece that would allow. It could be just shy of $1 billion. Again, before we come out with a plan related to that, we want to talk about timing, and process, and projects and be very definitive. We've said before that, that would be our plan all along. So, yes, you could see a number up to that amount, that would make sense and still fit within the piece of and other requirements under Missouri. We would expect over the course, probably the next six months to be able to talk about what our later year plans would be and our overall piece of plans would be.
Terry Bassham: Well, I think -- I think an independent review. And again, we've said the data speaks for itself and I think both the Commission staff and we providing our initial reports that were very similar reflected, that we would see confirmation from an end of in that party that shows kind of where we stand and an explanation of how we got here. So, first of all, the reflection of where we sit from a competitive spent, standpoint is reflective of a lot of spin that both companies had to make over a 10-year period. But the merger provides exactly the strategy to attack that issue over the next four or five years as we don't have to increase rates, and in fact will lower our costs. And so as we get that end then I think the second phase is targeted at the other things that are happening in our industry. Like an electric vehicle charging and other things like that, that we welcome an opportunity to have this conversation. So, I think it's a good educational process. I think Kansas independent party or work to provide the legislature with a view of not only their commissioners, but their utility and consultant that will allow us to have a good conversation around what would be the kinds of policy issues in Kansas, we look forward to addressing.
Terry Bassham: Yes. Remember that we've elected, so, we're in and so as Tony said, we could be spending today on things that qualified. But in terms of reallocating, we're working on our long-term plan and our plan for next year in particular and so we could have been making changes along that line.
Terry Bassham: Well, our ESG filing first of all, should reflect, again the format and template the EEI has work together, so that investors can kind of see a similar accounting if you will and a similar positioning of those efforts. And it will reflect our current retirements and our current wind activities, which show that over -- up to an over 50% of our energy comes from nuclear and wind, totaling over 50% of our total kilowatt-hour sales or energy. And that's a very positive message. As far as moving forward, we're now at a position where we've got our larger more efficient units and capacity, obviously becomes an issue and we want to be sure we're cautious about those kind of things. But it would help inform investors and help inform our commission, so that those kind of conversations can continue going forward. But we always have to remember to provide capacity to our customers is an important part of the remainder of our portfolio.
Terry Bassham: Well, remember, although located in Western Kansas, we jurisdictionally allocate all our generation based on usage customers, those kind of metrics. So from our percentage perspective, they're basically the same. There are some unique assets, but they are pretty small and our wind in particular is allocated over the jurisdiction. So, it's very similar actually.
Terry Bassham: Yes, that's okay. It's both. So first, the $150 million we mentioned specifically is a reallocation. And so, it would not change our total $6 billion estimate that we provided. So that's number one. Number two, what we've talked about is that we're working on future plans that we'll be talking about later in the year or early next year around what our additional spend might be. And so that's not included in the current plans and we've not given specific guidance of any sort as to what that amounts -- amount not be. So that's the difference. The $150 million does not relate to an increase in total spend. We have future expectations of providing guidance that would discuss any additional spend later in the year, early next year.
Terry Bassham: I do. What I would say is -- the common sense and I don't -- to say it, but in every state, every legislature, they have their focus based on what's happening in that jurisdiction. And clearly, Missouri has been focused on infrastructure spend, and jobs, and the opportunity to improve our infrastructure and that was the basis for PISA, it was a basis for other things across the state as well. But in particular with our electric utilities, it was a focus on spending for infrastructure improvement. Kansas has been stayed more focused in this last discussion and it's a pretty recent discussion. We have not had this discussion in this session before on the level of -- our level of rates. And so, they come from a different position I would say, and that's why we believe using and accessing the PISA opportunity which the state of Missouri clearly would like us to do to spend more on infrastructure in Missouri is an opportunity to reallocate dollars, because in Kansas, they're more concerned in holding total cost down. So it serves both purposes from that perspective. Could the discussion in either state begin to happen in the other state? Sure, but that's not the focus of the states at this point and we're confident in our ability to discuss each in the relative jurisdiction.
Terry Bassham: Paul, good morning. What we've said is, we are targeting total sales growth roughly flat to 50 basis points.
Terry Bassham: It's been largely in line with our expectations. Things are growing with gangbusters, but we're not seeing any contraction as well.
Terry Bassham: Well, obviously we -- our plan would be that it would improve it to the extent that we did that, but we don't have a range yet, because we haven't finished our work on the total dollar amounts. But certainly, that would give us some opportunity for additional growth in spend and EPS that we currently don't have in the plan.
Terry Bassham: The $1 billion is really a total number. So it's, -- it includes that $150 million reallocation and that's the way it worked.
Terry Bassham: Just overall, ability to get it done, you got to have projects. But we believe we have that ability and obviously we're impacting customers rates. So, we'd be watching how that affected as well. But other than, good business judgment around those two things, nothing, that's really what the caps therefore.
Terry Bassham: Yes, I'd say obviously, the total number is not ratable. So, but I would say that at midpoint given all we know, we're -- as Tony said ahead of plan.
Terry Bassham: Some may be parameters handy would be all else being equal. We will be filing a rate case in Missouri for new rates effective the first part of 2023. So you back up from that, we've filed and call it early '22 and you would update a test year kind of the June time frame of 2022. So that would kind of be ideal, but it doesn't mean we would stop necessarily. It depends on the projects and it depends on the runway and lead time and all that. But those are just some things you should consider.
Terry Bassham: So those are the other things that we obviously looking at Andy, right. As we're going through the planning horizon, we work with the operations in the financial modeling team.
Terry Bassham: We'll obviously, will update you EEI what we have and obviously we'll be working on plans for 2021 around that time. But we traditionally would give earnings guidance in those kind of things at the first of the year.
Terry Bassham: Yes. Again in Missouri, they specifically put this mechanism in place to encourages if you will allow us to spend additional and feel comfortable with our ability to recover. Same mechanism is not in place in Kansas and in fact the discussions are on the current level of rate and concerns around those. So, those are two different places with two different focuses as we speak.
Terry Bassham: All right. Thank you very much. Thank you for joining us. And, hope everybody has a good rest of the summer. Thank you.
Anthony Somma: Good morning, Ali, this is Tony. I believe the COLI numbers for the quarter were about $2.5 million and year-to-date were around $9 million. Now, as far as the, the second part of your question, what we issue are our drivers, earnings drivers, we will list out separately what kind of the assumptions are for COLI and we'll leave it up to the investment community, whether or not they want to keep the numbers in our keep or -- take them out. And as we said all along, these are just timing differences.
Anthony Somma: Michael, this is Tony. Well this is -- this is something that we are continually reviewing and looking at. Now specifically to your question, the answer is possibly, yes on both, right, because we're trying to look at ways to get better, ways to be more efficient. Terry mentioned the billing system in the back office system, in accounting, we're also looking at RPA and big data. We use big data, it helps us on turbine vibration, on substations etc. So, we're obviously trying to beat those numbers that we have laid out on the page.
Anthony Somma: So, the Missouri CapEx and I'll just -- I'm looking at Slide 18 as well. Michael, it's probably 75% would be eligible for the PISA election and that would be our intention obviously. And to the extent that is deferring some regulatory drag, that is built into our assumptions in our -- our drivers in the out years that's hitting our EPS CAGR.
Anthony Somma: So, the equity component will get brought into earnings at the time of your next rate case over a 20-year period.
Anthony Somma: Well, as Terry said, we're going through the process and over the next six months, we'll be able to update folks on where we stand and where we end up on that process.
Anthony Somma: No. Remember -- yes remember, technically we don't have a stay out in Missouri. Remember that the way Missouri worked in Kansas we're different. And so, we expect to stay out given our earnings and savings projections, but the way the piece of works, we're not affected by that, are actually driver for the next rate case in Missouri would be fuel any kind of right after that PISA true up. So, it's a little different in Missouri and no, none of that would keep us from moving forward with PISA investment greater than we've talked about. already.
Anthony Somma: Well, I think you probably have as much specificity as they exist. I think there is some concern by some parties that our rates are -- have risen faster than the national average. And even though, they're at the national average, or higher than they would like. And as a result, when you look at things effectiveness, what they're really looking at is what cause them to be that. And so being able to explain, how we got there and where are we at is what our studies did. And what I think the first step in the independent study will do, and into second half will be higher effective other things and that could range to should we have more EV charging throughout the state. And if so, how should that be done and provided for. We've not done a lot of electric vehicle charging stations in Kansas because of kind of our processes there. So, it could range -- I think originally to focus is cost, which again I think we've talked about how the merger helps address that. And secondly, there could be other particular folks interested in particular policies, that have or have not been adopted in Kansas, in the past. That's probably about as much as we've got now in terms of where that could hit.
Anthony Somma: Currently in the plan, we have to look at the financial projections in the model and see what our credit metrics look like.
Anthony Somma: Well, I know -- I know, a year-over-year variances like year-to-date were $84 million better than we were last year and $52 million for the quarter. We are ahead of our targets for the synergies. I just don't know the exact number. So, it was an easy question, but I struck out.
Anthony Somma: Again, we don't have a plan for that yet. There is nothing to prohibit us from beginning construction and spend as the projects are available and we could start those as appropriate. So, obviously, we would map out the plan around our annual plans and budgets and what kind of projects and how long they took to execute on. So, but there is no time limitation on how quickly we could get started, if we had those plans in place.
Anthony Somma: We don't really have a timeline except far, there is a true-up of PISA that it's a 4-year -- 4-year true-up -- fourth year true-up. So we're talking about a context of over a time period, but when and how it would be spent again, we haven't developed or published.
