David Campbell: Thank you, Kirk. For everyone on the call, we appreciate your time with us today. And now we'd be happy to take your questions.
David Campbell: So Shar, as Kirk mentioned, we do have a series of timing and phasing of operating costs, some of that's timing within this year, some of that's -- go forwards from the forward plan. And we're not adjusting our guidance for 2022, the only time you have the opportunity to do prudent managing your costs. You look at that across the four planned years and it can help [Indiscernible] execution. But given the size of the numbers, we're not changing our guidance for 2022, but as companies do in this circumstance with some favorable weather, we are certainly looking at how, and we'll continue to look at how. Are there pull-forward items, or are there items that we can address this year? There are limits in what you can do in that range. But as -- all companies look at that piece. So [Indiscernible] of it does relate to timing into our year in '21.
David Campbell: We're not changing our guidance in 2022 but we're -- we feel good about our ongoing execution trajectory.
David Campbell: That's great question, Shar. I know we've talked about this on prior calls. I think the Company has done a terrific job for Kirk, since my arrival coming in this year, a lot of cost savings achieved post-merger '19 and '20. Ongoing trajectory of those reductions. And we've [indiscernible] up as part of our Investor Day, we described how we think there's an ongoing opportunity for 1% to 2% productivity gains. So, we think it will be along the lines of executing the plan that we've laid out and then continuing to drive improvements across our business through a systematic process. I think that's how we view our opportunity set is really driving that continuous improvement over time, consistent with what we've laid out in the Investor Day plan.
David Campbell: Sure. it's, obviously, something we track closely. And we have a much smaller natural gas position than some of our neighbors. I can't comment on where their bill trajectory will go, but I'm sure you've been able to to note the relative mix of gas relative to others. We about -- in 2020, only about 5% of our fuel and purchase power was natural gas related. Natural gas price movements have not had a significant impact. We do have a relatively sizable amount of coal, so the 40% range, and it has certainly been moving in PRB pricing. We've got some protection around that from a hedging perspective over the near term.  If those pricing pressures persist all the way through 2022, then obviously we will have to see what those impacts are and see what the net impacts are in the wholesale market of course as well, we have a very sizable wind portfolio. And that wind portfolio will benefit relatively from higher prices when their fuel prices don't move, of course, on the wind side. So, our net we are in a lower general bill season where our enterprise is summer heavy. So the highest customer bills are typically in the summer. So in the fall, we're rolling into what are typically significantly lower customer bills.  But it's something we're very focused on. Again, net relative to those who are more natural gas intensive, they are like to be facing more intensive fuel costs. But again, all depends on what their hedge approaches. But on a relative mix basis, we don't have the same exposure natural gases haves.
David Campbell: Yes. So that proceeding includes asking for securitization relating to the retirement of the coal facilities in Lawrence, since the retirement of Lawrence unit 4, as well as the shared coal handling facilities. It's relatively modest in size, but we would expect six securitization relating to that assuming that proceeding goes as planned.
David Campbell: Still a small proportion of our total business -- Oh, yes. -- But, I think, we are -- if you look across power marketing Evergy Ventures, Tran source, Prairie Wind, altogether, it's, even in the revised guidance with the stronger performance, a little under 5% -- or less than 5% of the earnings.
David Campbell: And Michael, your -- first part of question, you are correct that none of this is in our current capex styles that was PPA buying a repowering would -- wherever we get those negotiated, those would be upside or in addition to our current guidance. Yes.
David Campbell: And I'll just clarify. Kirk [Indiscernible] Power Marketing, but that's the average events. [Indiscernible]
David Campbell: Great. Thank you very much. We appreciate all of you joining us this morning. And we look forward to seeing many of you in person next week at EI. Signing off.
Kirk Andrews: Just building on that last point. Certainly we're -- my club and I'm not immune to seeing the cost and supply chain pressures. They're affecting across many sectors, including, but not limited to renewables. Part of the reason why we made the slight shift that we did rather magnitude of the solar and advancing wind. But beyond that as we indicated our Investor Day, we're looking at all facets of opportunities. Obviously, David mentioned we launched recently our RFP. That's our primary focus but we have some self-development opportunities.  The potential around some of those PPA s buy-ins and repowering and given on -- given the existing dialogue around some of the aspects of the billback better framework, which is still a framework, but some of the potential for tax incentives, because that can be potential mitigants and help aid affordability, help offset some of that cost pressure for us. I think we've got a lot of levers and flexibility where that's concerned, but we're certainly laser-focused on finding the right blend from an affordability and a reliability standpoint on that -- on the renewables front.
Kirk Andrews: Sure, Michael. Starting on the wind side, obviously the prospects of an extension in returning to full power, if you will, on the production tax credit side, that is certainly a net positive. Both in the context as I've mentioned before, from an affordability standpoint, which we're very focused on. The magnitude of those tax credits and the reliability of over a longer period of time being more robust. I think, that's added benefit in terms of meeting our objectives around affordability. It also speaks to greater flexibility in terms of the cadence, and pace, and mix of renewable investment. And as you'll recall, we pulled forward. Some of our wind investments to take advantage, or at least to in account for the existing expiry of the production tax credits.  Obviously an extension thereof, and an increase thereof would give us greater flexibility where that's concerned. And I think the knock-on effect areas, as we mentioned, certainly the buy-in of PPA is one thing but combining those PPAs with repowering’s and those repowering’s are going to be certainly depended upon taking advantage of those production tax credits. That gives us a greater tailwind on the latter portion of that two-pronged strategy about that PPA buy-in combining of repowering the last piece of it, I would say is on the solar side where the investment tax credit is concerned.  Certainly in the prospects of direct pay, for example, which is a more efficient way to deal with that ITC, which we have to deal with all-in-one lump sum. Also, a benefit on the solar side to us, again, from the affordability standpoint. and how that's reflected in rates. A lot of details to come. There are certain requirements there around that, but we need to see more details on -- in terms of things like wage fairness and domestic content. But we feel optimistic that, both on the solar and wind side, that certainly creates a tailwind for us, both in terms of flexibility and affordability for our customers, as we make good on our renewable’s objectives.
Kirk Andrews: To some extent, yes. I think in terms of the direct pay aspect of things that I mentioned before, obviously, as we reached the middle of the decade, we gain a greater appetite for cash taxes and obviously the ITC is an offset to that, to the extent to which it becomes direct pay and that isn't as directly impact on our cash flows. But an increase in the magnitude of the PTCs can help offset it's just another form through which we can take advantage of that tax appetite.  Net again, I'd see that's certainly a positive. Maybe it's just a different mix and probably, or take advantage of our increasing tax appetite once we reached the middle of the decade and thereafter.
Kirk Andrews: Sure. Yes, that's correct. Good question. As you recall, we did have some Power Marketing margins that we earned during the winter weather event. Those remain and have been excluded from our adjusted EPS. The upside or the out-performance as I termed it, is in addition to, or above and beyond that item that we'd excluded from our adjusted earnings. So we had certain expectations going into the year. And the Power Marketing businesses has just exceeded those expectations. Again, above and beyond the excluded item there.
Kirk Andrews: Sure Michael. It's Kirk. It's about 3.8 gigawatts, in total, in terms of our PPA portfolio. And as we had laid out, I think on the Investor Day in one of our slides, which kind of showed the roll-off and we're very focused on the subset of that portion in terms of contracts. Those contracts really don't begin expiring till just after the middle of the decade. But our focus here is on the expiry of the PTCs. We've got a little more than 1.2 gigawatts of that or almost 1.3 gigawatts of that 3.8 gigawatts, who's PPA or PTCs rather the production tax credits, are expiring between now and the middle of the decade.  As those PPA or PTCs expire, we think that's probably the most meaningful subset of those 3.8 gigawatts PPAs that we're focused on in the near-term while re-powering and buying opportunities. Because our counter parties have obviously taken full advantage of that point of all in PTCs. And I think that's probably the targets that we're looking at, if that helps.
Kirk Andrews: Yeah good question. I think we probably would not look to transfer obviously, the project debt because it's relatively fully amortized. It would probably be a full buy-in and so we purchased this on an unlevered basis and obviously some of those proceeds would go to take out the existing project debt. Think about it as a pure rate base investment on the PPA buy-in side.
Kirk Andrews: Sure. In 2021 on the Power Marketing side, we've probably got up about $0.05 of total impact from investment income that comes from a couple of sources. Some of that is, we like a lot of other utilities invest in other funds, Energy Impact Partners is 1 of those. So some of that is the market. Some of that is, as I mentioned before earlier in the year, on a direct investment side, we actually had an actual monetization of that and that's probably the disproportionate share of that. Through the first half of the year is that monetization events or the combination of those 2 things. Obviously, that contributed to exceeding our expectations on the upside, obviously.
Kirk Andrews: Evergy Ventures. Sorry. Of Evergy Ventures, the investor mark. Thanks, David. And then if you look forward into 2022, and beyond, as I mentioned before, that $0.05 is out-performance. On an ongoing basis, certainly in our '22 guidance, it's more like a penny or two. On the Evergy Ventures contribution.
