Tony Somma: Thanks Terry, and good morning everyone. I’ll start with results on Slide 10 of the presentation. This morning, we reported fourth quarter 2019 GAAP earnings of $0.28 per share compared to $0.07 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018. The increased EPS is primarily due to lower O&M, lower shares outstanding, tax benefits from higher amortization of accumulated deferred income taxes, which were partially offset by higher depreciation expense. Adjusted non-GAAP earnings were $0.32 per share compared to $0.15 per share in the same period a year ago.  As shown on the chart on Slide 11, adjusted EPS was driven primarily by fewer shares outstanding and lower O&M, and was partially offset by unfavorable weather and higher depreciation expense.  For the quarter, residential sales were down 3% while commercial and industrial sales fell 1% and 1.8% respectively. The lower sales in the quarter were primarily due to weather, which we estimate negatively impacted earnings by $0.04 compared to last year and about $0.01 when compared to normal.  Moving on to Slide 12, I’ll touch on full-year results. For the year, GAAP earnings were $670 million or $2.79 per share, compared to $536 million or $2.50 per share last year. 2019 GAAP results were driven by the full-year impact of Evergy Metro and Evergy Missouri West results and lower operating and maintenance expenses, partially offset by higher depreciation expense and lower retail sales driven by unfavorable weather compared to 2018. Adjusted earnings were $694 million or $2.89 per share compared to 2018 adjusted earnings of $681 million or $2.50 per share. As detailed on the slide, the increase in adjusted earnings when compared to last year was primarily driven by a reduction in O&M of about $120 million, a decrease of more than 9%, new retail rates, and accretion from fewer shares outstanding. Partially offsetting this increase was higher depreciation expense of around $84 million and lower sales due to less favorable weather. The 2019 weather impact was less favorable than 2018 and pro forma retail sales declined as a result. Residential sales fell 4.3% and commercial sales were down 1.7%. We estimate weather cost us $0.22 when compared to last year but was a benefit of about $0.10 when compared to normal. Pro forma industrial sales were down 1% compared to last year due primarily to two large customers in the chemical and oil sectors that saw decreased demand at their plants throughout the year. If we remove the impact of these two large low-margin customers, industrial sales were up 20 basis points. Overall growth in the number of customers continued, making the ninth straight year of customer growth for our company. Moving on to Slide 13, let me touch on our latest financing activities. As Terry mentioned, we have ceased future share repurchases given our identification of incremental capital projects that drive value for customers. Since initiating the program in August of 2018, we have repurchased just over 45 million shares. This program was put in place to rebalance the consolidated capital structure and was a key driver of EPS growth on the front end of our merger plan as we’ve been working through our rate stay-out period.  Looking forward to financing activities this year, Evergy Central Kansas has $250 million of 5.1% first mortgage bonds maturing in July that we’ll look to refinance. We expect this will be the only long-term debt financing activity in 2020.  Wrapping up on Slide 14, let me give some details on our 2020 drivers. As Terry mentioned, we’re not issuing 2020 EPS guidance today. I’d like to provide you with a few drivers for the year.  Consistent with 2019, we’re expecting weather normalized sales to be between flat and 50 basis points of growth. On the back of strong O&M cost performance in 2019, we’re targeting an additional 5% to 8% reduction in adjusted O&M in 2020. Our continued infrastructure spending will guide depreciation and amortization expense $10 million to $20 million higher. We’re expecting COLI proceeds to be approximately $20 million. We’re forecasting an effective income tax rate of 12% to 14%, and lastly our year-end 2019 share count was 227 million shares. We remain confident in the opportunities in front of us. Our team will keep our eye on the ball of running the business while the strategic review and operations committee conducts its evaluation.  With that, I will turn the call back over to Terry.
Tony Somma: Good morning Julien, this is Tony. We don’t anticipate issuing equity to fund the capital plan that we announced today.
Tony Somma: Morning Paul, this is Tony. We’ve given some drivers for near term for 2020, but we’re not going to go out farther than that until the committee finishes its work and its review. Obviously we’re focused on cost management and that will continue to be a focus of this team.
Shar Pourreza: Just a couple questions here. With the strategic or operational review results, 1H 2020 seems like a very quick turnaround. Any incremental, Terry, you can provide as far as what you’re thinking? Obviously given this quick turnaround, I have to assume you have some sort of a sense on where things are heading. Just on the word strategic, quote-unquote, could that mean that Evergy looks at further consolidation, or is that kind of off the table? I have a follow-up.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, that’s helpful. Then just on the capex, it’s a big increase with a billion dollars for Missouri under PISA, also obviously a very big healthy O&M cut. Just curious, why would you not have pulled more spending forward in Kansas? I mean, just the rough math with $80 million O&M reduction, that should translate into half a billion dollars in annual capital opportunities without impacting retail rates, so why not spend more in Kansas with the O&M levers? I didn’t get a sense from the slides if the incremental capex, what the profile of it is, whether it’s front-end loaded or spread evenly. Just maybe give a sense there.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Just lastly on the merger savings, you’ve almost hit your target there. Is there any opportunities, because you attained it relatively quickly.
Terry Bassham: No, not to predetermine what the committee would come up with, I would say that the focus is on all things that could improve long-term shareholder value, so those could include several things. We would expect to review those. I think the idea was to do that quickly so it’ll be efficient, and to get those done in a way that makes sense for all parties. Looking forward to the work, looking forward to working with our two new directors on it, and we would look forward to get started quickly.
Terry Bassham: Okay, on the first question, I would say obviously with the capacity from PISA, which we’ve talked about as early as second quarter call and again in the third quarter call, obviously that provides a focus from the State of Missouri on infrastructure spend, jobs, those kinds of things, so it makes more sense to focus on the recovery mechanism there. We have to continue to be cautious in Kansas because of the lag time between spend and recovery. That’s not to say we wouldn’t spend additional in Kansas as well, but we obviously want to be more measured and the immediate focus would be on PISA.  In terms of what kind of projects, I’ll let Kevin give you some color on what kind of things we’re looking at from that perspective.
Terry Bassham: Yes, I think we believe that our focus from executing on the very clear process we went through from the merger connotation to ongoing process improvement, so we’ve continued to look for opportunities there and we think there is additional opportunity that will help not only drive those O&M costs down but create headroom for additional capex that we’ve talked about today.
Terry Bassham: Yes, we obviously have commitments in both states around our mergers, and everything we’ve discussed today is in the context of keeping our commitments to our customers, our regulators and our states, no doubt about it.
Terry Bassham: Well, obviously we just made the announcement today, so we’ll be talking to all of our stakeholders going forward about what it means, what the process is, and keeping them informed. We have very good regulatory relationships and we would continue to work with them to be sure we answer any of their questions. 
Terry Bassham: Well, obviously the committee hasn’t even met yet, so from a process perspective we’re yet to work through that. But obviously with our time period in place, we’ll be putting together a plan to evaluate both of the paths that we’ve talked about. Don’t have a lot of details and wouldn’t want to get ahead of the committee in terms of specific process before they’ve even had their first meeting.
Terry Bassham: There is. There’s a process set up to make sure that we’re very transparent about any disagreement among the committee and ultimately what the board decides. Ultimately recommendations would go to the board and the board would make a decision, but to the extent there is a disagreement, we would want to be transparent about what the recommendations were, and that’s built into the agreement we have.
Terry Bassham: No, it’s still early in that process. Unfortunately, appeals from the commission is a very slow, deliberate process, so it wouldn’t be in the near term.
Terry Bassham: Yes. Short term, obviously not buying back the shares in the next six months would affect near term earnings per share. Long term, we believe this is a better allocation of capital and would drive long-term shareholder value, no doubt.
Terry Bassham: I don’t have a great rule of thumb for you, Paul. It all depends on where the capex is going. Our system is starting on at a fairly reliable place, so we expect to see savings but it’s hard to quantify.
Terry Bassham: Well, only to say that obviously everything would be on the table, but there’s obviously a focus that’s been discussed, which given the time frame, there will be a focus to start off with. If we begin to work and see other opportunities, I’m sure the committee would want to look into that, but there’s clearly a focus as we start the committee work.
Terry Bassham: Well again, we do have a good relationship both with the commission and with the staff, but the staff in particular, as you said, agreed with us on that particular ruling. That was not a typical rate capex investment inclusion in rates case, it was a unique situation where we had a lease that had been in place for a long time that was converting. It was a unique situation and we were disappointed that the commission didn’t agree with us and the staff, but I don’t think anything about that suggests to us that our typical capex investment in infrastructure that drives reliability and service to our customers would be viewed any differently in Kansas than it would in Missouri. Historically in our rate cases, we’ve seen that result.
Terry Bassham: Thank you very much for dialing in, and obviously we’ll be talking to everyone on an ongoing basis, but we look forward to moving forward with our announcement today, so thank you. Have a good day.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Congratulations on all the developments. Perhaps just to pick up where Shar left off, if I can follow up, these O&M costs contemplated here, how do you think about your earned ROE through the forecast period, and also how does this reconcile with earlier commitments in Kansas from the last transaction? I imagine to a large extent those have rolled off, but I just want to be very clear about that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just about the Kansas commitments, if you can, just from the deal. To the extent to which there were certain involuntary reduction commitments at that time, I imagine implicit in this announcement is that you’re still in compliance with that as well and the cost savings, wherever they are to be found, are independent from any other commitments you face.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Sorry, last question here, if I can. As you think about the cadence of capex involved here, how do you think about equity and balance sheet needs particularly given the share buyback cancellation? Obviously you have a certain projection. I just want to be very clear about this, about what your equity needs for the full five-year period are.
