David Campbell: Good morning, Michael. So - and thank you for your question. That will give me an opportunity to clarify. So the securitization legislation didn't impact our financial plan outlook in '21 to '24. So the passage of the law didn't impact the growth rate that we teed up in our objectives during that time period. It has been a long-term objective and we view it as a pretty important enabler beyond that forecast period. So passage of law in both states, we think is going to be a helpful enabler, as we work the plan over the coming decades. Now we've published our Integrated Resource Plan. And in that, you'll see that the phasing and pacing of coal retirements is one that is relatively - it's done on a relatively steady basis, as opposed to accelerated over a near-term time frame. We do think that the utilization of coal will increase over time. But part of the factor impacting the phasing of retirement of coal and solid fuel reflects the factors that you identified, which is making sure that we can ensure reliability. The extreme weather that we saw in February and the first rolling outages in STP and then the extreme heat in parts of the country that we've seen, we haven't seen extremely in our part of the country that we have seen a couple of resource alerts in STP so far this summer. And obviously, in other parts of the country, it has been extreme and has led to some strains on the grid. All reinforce that making sure the even eye [ph] on reliability is very important as you work on the - as you think about the fleet transition, and we think securitization will help. All that said, we updated our emissions reduction targets, as part of our last quarter call. As you saw, we've got a 70% reduction by 2030 objective and a net zero target by 2045. So we think we're driving to strike the right balance, and we'll constantly be looking at that to make sure that we're balancing across affordability, reliability and sustainability. Hopefully, that gets to your question.
David Campbell: So thanks for the question, and we look - we're glad to clarify that. So we plan to lay that out as part of our Investor Day and just be more specific around it. So we work through our annual planning process with our operating team. We also consider, of course, the renewables plans that we have, and we're going to plan on giving you - giving the Street a more firm view of that as part of our Investor Day, just rolling forward into the next year.
David Campbell: Okay. Great. So I'll close with a comment on 2021, and sort of implicit in some of the questions we received, just so I'll go ahead and hit at this. As I mentioned, and as Kirk noted, we're maintaining our guidance range. There are some items in the first half. And as a general matter, Q3 is our biggest quarter - just some timing into the first half. Q3 is our biggest quarter. COLI had some uncertainty. We'll, of course, continue to model the impact of the pandemic. But all that said, given where we are now, we would be disappointed if our results in 2021 don't end up in the top half for the full year. We'll point to provide an update on 2021 as part of our Analyst Day in September. But we're pleased with our solid start. And we appreciate your time with us today. And we wish you a good day. Thank you.
Kirk Andrews: Thanks. Michael, we do. Just as a reminder, when you think about the year-to-date results or year-over-year differences, as I noted, one of those contributing factors, at least this year, we saw some favourability on bad debt expense, which is certainly a positive. Overall, our outlook for the year remains unchanged from the indications I gave on the fourth quarter call when we first introduced guidance. One of the key success factors that having joined the company in 2021 as the CFO, I can take little credit for, but the management team, as you'll recall, was able to deliver a cadence of O&M in 2020, which actually was in line with our 2021 objective. So we - if you think about it that way, we got a year ahead on our savings pace. So therefore, our expectation, as a reminder, as I indicated when we provided guidance initially was our year-over-year 2020 to '21 O&M, total O&M, we expect to be relatively flat, and we're on pace to deliver that. A little bit of intra-year timing is largely the contribution to what we're seeing year-to-date. But we do expect a good continued cadence of O&M reductions as we move forward into '21, '23. Going toward that target to be well comfortably below $1 billion a year by the time we get to 2024.
Kirk Andrews: No. And that would align with our expectation, which continues to be relatively flat year-over-year overall in O&M.
Kirk Andrews: So sure, it's Kirk. Our customer growth, while it's certainly a good indicator year-over-year, the mix, I can't quote that off the top of the head, but largely in line with our expectations. However, as I also indicated, despite the fact we've got an increase in customer account, our overall utilization per customer is down year-over-year. That's in line with our expectations because we expected the impact of stay from home, which was most acute in the second quarter of last year to abate as people kind of return to work. That level of abatement has been a slower pace, right. So the stay at home effect on a utilization perspective, notwithstanding in fact, we did see that nice year-over-year increase in customers has been elevated relative to our expectations. And that certainly understand we expect that to continue a little longer now that we've got the impact of the Delta variant on the stay at home. But overall, despite the fact that we're certainly pleased with the overall increase in customer count. As we expected, the utilization rates per customer comparable year-over-year is down again due to that COVID effect.
