Terry Bassham: Thanks, Tony, and thanks for everybody joining us here this morning. We appreciate your time, and now, we'll be happy to take your questions. So I'll turn it back over to Howard, our operator. 
Terry Bassham: Nick, if I understood your question right, we also are pretty focused on cash and the balance sheet as a starting point. I think, I mentioned that in my comments that we've got those dollars there today. 
Terry Bassham: Yes, so as I think you've seen or would have heard from many companies across the country, they're looking at these kinds of opportunities, whether it'd be through regulated entities or otherwise. And obviously, given our location, we've got the ability to work with Western Kansas wind. That is a great opportunity for those companies. We're excited about our tariff approval because we want to continue to be the provider of choice for our customers, even on the renewable front. And yes, we'll work through those. One of the 3 that I mentioned, the one that will be finished around 2020 is targeted at that tariff. And I would say that, yes, as we continue to work with our customers and continue to see demand. If we, in fact, see additional demand, we would then look for an opportunity to seek KCC approval to expand on that and include that as well. 
Terry Bassham: If anything material, obviously, change, we'd have to report that in the third quarter call as well, so. 
Terry Bassham: Well, we would, obviously, meet with our counsel, and they'll give us the green light. And we'll go from there. Process wise, we'll follow the rule. 
Terry Bassham: Yes, things are going well. I mean, I've described for folks kind of the feel and tone around the company and really people have been working for a couple of years together on this plan and are ready to go to work. It's an exciting time around here. We've not found anything outside of our plans that we've been working on, business plans we've been working on that says we're not ready to go and execute consistent with those plans, and we're off and running. As we move forward, we'll, obviously, have changes in the environment, and we'll have things we'll find, and we'll work through those. So -- but we are off and running and don't really have any reason to believe we won't execute just as we've talked about. 
Terry Bassham: Well, I think, like most of our cases in Missouri, we'll settle a lot of issues. We normally -- we haven't settled the entire case with all parties in quite a while, but we always settle a vast majority of the issues and end up maybe litigating a couple. But I would say in this instance, with all the work that's been going on and the conversations, we've got a shot here to actually settle those as well. But if not, I think, any hearings would be limited and focused on a few issues that will look pretty traditional. 
Terry Bassham: Yes, I think -- we think that time period gives us plenty of time to execute, and we'll be opportunistic, and we'll be smart about it for all our shareholders. And as Tony says, it's kind of hard to say given where markets could move over a 24-month period. 
Terry Bassham: Well, we've, as I said in my remarks, we'd -- the immediate focus would be on accelerated share repurchases and open market repurchases, and they both look attractive and have their pros and cons. 
Terry Bassham: I'd only add -- Tony's got it just right. I'd only add that with the combination of PISA and with -- it's already been mentioned, the wind opportunity, could have customers there interested. There -- as Tony said, we've got opportunities other folks have. We are committed to maintaining our focus on rates for our customers. So we want to be sure that we're carrying out this time period without rate increases. So that balance is in there as well. 
Terry Bassham: There is no question that buying back 60 million shares helps our EPS growth. I mean, there is no question about that and it does cause it to be front-end loaded. Again, we've each been through a 10-year period of rate increases. We've each built generation and environmental equipment, and we're in a period now where we don't have to do that. There are other opportunities, but we want to balance that through a time period to provide our region with an economic development opportunity that could benefit us in other ways. And a continued growth in cost of electricity to our customers is an issue for many parts of this country. And we think our unique opportunity here is to be able to grow shareholder returns without having to build rate base and increase rates through request of the commissions for this time period. With that, we have lots of opportunity to continue to provide great resources to our customers and maintain reliability for our customers in a way that provides that stable earnings return. 
Terry Bassham: Yes, so number one, it doesn't provide the increase because we choose not to. I mean, as we've described that over time, we've continued to invest. We had rate cases, and we suffered some of that lag, and we worked through it. But yes, it provides the stability to continue to spend those dollars. Couple of things happen. Number one, the PISA itself allows us to mitigate and to a large part, eliminate lag associated with much of our ongoing spend that we need and will continue to do for reliability and maintenance and technology upgrade for our customers. And then I would say the one thing that we didn't necessarily have legislation on was transmission of property taxes. But I think, going forward, we've seen that those have levelized. The SPP transmission process and property tax increases are not expected to cause the lag they have in the past in KCP&L. So you combine that with PISA providing protection, if you will, for that lag that would traditionally have happened between rate cases, and it really provides a level of stability and ongoing ability to deliver our shareholder returns on an annual basis. 
Terry Bassham: Yes -- no, it's likely to stay the same. I mean, obviously, we've made the adjustment that we committed to in the merger discussions we've had. And we would expect over the course of the next several years, probably to have that same timing review. Obviously, they look at it technically every quarter, but we tend to look at it for the annual increase in the third quarter, but again, we will look at it every quarter. 
Terry Bassham: No reason to think that. Cash flow and again, credits are getting strong, and we see that as being kind of the rational payout for the plan. 
Terry Bassham: I don't think we could tell you what kind of we would expect in terms of lag over the 4- to 5-year period. Historically, what we have done even in the context of the prior regulatory framework is that we would have earned very close to our return, within 50 basis points or so the year after the rate case true-up, which remember we're going through true-ups in all our cases right now. And then you'd see that lag begin to build, and I think what we're hopeful for is we wouldn't see that continued build. So we would earn closer to our return throughout that period and that's not -- that's without knowing other things that could happen. But the PISA legislation addresses along with my description of kind of what's happening with property taxes and transmission, the majority of the lag you would have seen in the past that was billed over, say, kind of our traditional 50 basis points. Don't forget, we're also generating the savings from the merger perspective, which also gives us an opportunity to offsetting the lag that not naturally exist. 
Terry Bassham: Those are all PPAs. So our guidance and the CapEx you would have seen didn't include any of those as a CapEx add. 
Terry Bassham: Well, I mean there are some standard blackout day rules associated with reporting earnings and those kinds of things. I don't have them at the tip of my fingers. 
Terry Bassham: Thank you, Howard, and thank you everybody for joining us today. Again, we are extremely proud to be sitting around the table together as a new Evergy and talking to you about our new company. So we look forward to talking to you in the future, and thank you for your time today. We'll conclude the call. Thank you. 
Tony Somma: Sure. Well, as we've said since the announcement of the transaction, we would rebalance the capital structure and repurchase approximately 60 million shares over 2 years. Our current thinking today is that we would 	effectuate that through a series of transactions over time to dollar-cost average and share repurchases. This way, we're deploying our capital efficiently, which many shareholders would like us to do, rather than doing a big splash, big bang and pay $1.10 for something we can buy for $1. 
Tony Somma: Well, we have a plan out there, $6.2 billion for the next 5 years. We would update that on the year-end call as well. 
Tony Somma: So we -- your guess would be as good as ours, right, because we're not able to predict the future on what capital markets will do or not. And so, targeting 2020 is kind of what we said. And if we finish sooner rather than later, that's fine as well. 
Tony Somma: This is Tony. I'll take a stab. Well, the investment thesis that we've laid out is a little unique in buying back the shares and not necessarily driving the rate base up 8% a year and asking for rate increases every other year. And so the share buyback does lift kind of a slope of a line of the EPS CAGR, little front-end loaded. And then on the back-end, even past 2020, we'll still be able to execute on synergies as we combine the 2 companies. And it's not like we don't have investment opportunities out in the future, we would have every opportunity that any other utility has, but we kind of in the near term here, next few years, we have unique opportunity to rebalance the capital structure and harvest synergies. 
Tony Somma: Well, we don't -- again, talking within the context of the 2 years, we will be smart and manage the buybacks in the context of the -- both the market and the industry. Other than that, no, I mean, we -- again, we don't expect it to be a different time frame than the 24 months we talked about, and we'll be smart along the way. Other than that, it's kind of hard to do -- say much more. 
Tony Somma: I'm not sure I understand your question or your statement, [ Ashar ]. We've committed to doing the share repurchases and targeting the 2 years and the mechanisms that we'll use are open market repurchases or accelerated share repurchases. We'll burn through the cash first. And use cash flow from operations, obviously, and then we'll also incur some debt over time. And the cadence of that will depend on many things that we just can't know today. And so for modeling purposes, your guess is as good as mine as to when we complete that program, if that's the question. 
Tony Somma: So Steve, the design of these programs, as you know, are -- you can abide by some safe harbor rules, 10b5-1 and 10b-18, and we would, obviously, comply with those safe harbors and be able to repurchase shares at the appropriate time. 
