Terry Bassham: All right. Thank you, Tony. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jesse, and we're ready to take questions.
Terry Bassham: Well, obviously, the agreement as a whole was the basis for our entire process that it created the STP, the kind of the back-end extension, if you will, was for the opportunity to participate under the information sharing part of that during that time period. Again, the period is run, the agreement has run and there's nothing else in place.
Terry Bassham: Well, I would say, in terms of seeing or hearing things, it would be a '21 item. A lot of work is going on. A lot of conversations are going on. There'll be a lot of things that are happening between the interested parties, leading up to the beginning of the year, but they wouldn't be that visible. It will basically be a '21 item from, I think, what you're talking about perspective.
Terry Bassham: I think the top concern is always going to be the effect on rates, the effect on customers. So we believe the STP balances that, provides for the ability to use traditional investment to improve reliability and bring in technology without large increases to rates. But certainly, that will always be their focus is can we execute? And will it ultimately have an impact on cost, which we think we're able to show, has been considered upfront and tied in quite nicely.
Terry Bassham: Yes. I would say if you first, yes, you've read our brief, you understand this is not appropriate. And don't believe it should be approved. Practically, if it were, and I couldn't tell you everything that might come from it. But practically, what I would tell you is it shouldn't have a large effect either. As you read our brief, you would understand that we came to an agreement with a shareholder around how to evaluate issues. But in the end, the fiduciary duties and the work around the STP and the final decisions were all ours, and we made those. We were happy that when we announced the STP that Elliott was supported. But to suggest that they've somehow taken some level of responsibility for our fiduciary duty, which seems to be the, the argument is just simply not true. And if they granted some kind of ability to evaluate that, that's exactly what they'll find. So it's not appropriate. But even if they rule, they wouldn't find anything other than what we've been saying, which is we work with the shareholder holder to evaluate opportunities. But the Board and management of this company made the decisions around how to move forward, and we're confident in their outcomes. And that was our job. And we've done it and done it well, I believe.
Terry Bassham: I mean I think there are multiple potential possibilities, as you suggest there. I think that the real trick will be to find the right combination that is passable in both legislatures. And with respect to securitization, those issues are known, fairly well understood and have significant coalitions built around them. I think when you start talking about what some parties may consider fundamentally altering the historical structure of the regulatory process, you could get into some more pushback, and we're really interested in moving this legislation -- legislative package forward. But again, there are multiple things that have been discussed in the past from performance-based rates to decoupling and things like that, that -- and then various riders and trackers that can be looked at.
Terry Bassham: You said regulatory perspective at the end. So again, we'll be talking to you about our process and execution on the STP, because, again, remember, these dockets are for information, there's no request for approvals, there's no large projects that require approvals. So we'll be updating you on our execution on the capital and the O&M, et cetera. From a regulatory perspective, I think the big ones are that, obviously, we'll have an IRP in the spring that April, Missouri will be the first later STP, it'll be working over-the-top of that. There is, I think, January, late January date now for the Missouri staff to file a report. So that's, that will be worth watching. But again, the report out should be commentary, if you will, or views of the STP, but not a ruling far anything or against anything. So again, as we've said before, this is not typical, maybe, but it does give us the ability to work with parties and have some insight into our plan into the work we're doing. So we think gives us a lot of opportunity to do some groundwork ahead of time so that regulators see exactly what we're doing and get buy-in from that perspective. And if there are some concerns, we'll hear that. But again, I think we feel good about the process that's been discussed and the integration between that and the IRP, I think, will work very nice.
Terry Bassham: And remember, we've talked about that our work on even a longer-term T&D perspective, if that got delayed a year or was something that wasn't as timely, we've got the ability to backfill that CapEx plan with additional work that we already have a vision toward. So it should keep us in a position of having a consistent growth rate that we've talked about through the full five years.
Terry Bassham: Yes, nothing material that would affect our discussions. Governor in Missouri was reelected or elected, I guess, for the first time, Governor Parsons, and remember the governor in Kansas was not up for reelection. Other elections went consistent with what we would expect and nothing really surprising.
Terry Bassham: And we talk with shareholders all the time, and we'll continue to be in communication with Elliott from to time, I'm sure, but no, nothing specific.
Terry Bassham: So yes, I mean, if we had not been in a very public discussion around the Elliott agreement, then I would suspect, just like back in February, year-end call, when we announced a shift in additional capital at the conclusion of our stock buyback program, we didn't have a docket. We didn't have a process, and our announcement didn't require approvals. That's no different here. But obviously, as a result of all that, we sit in a process where we have the ability, both through the IRP and the STP, to get inputs and then IRP requires a filing. To your point, there won't be a prudency asked or a prudency finding in the STP. We don't have any large projects that would require that kind of pre-approval. What we do think, though, to your point is that we will be able to see people's views of the plan as a whole and kind of how that works in the context, again, of cost to our customers. And we think that's a benefit. But we wouldn't see, we don't believe any kind of pre-approval or prudency determination on the plan given the way it's structured.
Terry Bassham: Well, our Board of Directors and our company will always do our fiduciary duty with regard to any proposal or any process that would provide shareholder value greater than our current plan. Having said that, we went through a very deliberate, very exhaustive process back in the summer that's just a few months old, and we're very much committed to our STP, and we're working to execute on that as we speak.
Terry Bassham: Thank you. Well, thank you, everybody, and obviously, look forward to talking to many of you next week at EEI Financial, even though not in person. We look forward to conversation. So thank you much. See me have you next week.
Tony Somma: The agreement terminated by its own terms earlier this week, and we're no longer under any agreements with Elliott since its termination.
Tony Somma: Well, good morning. This is Tony. We're still going through the, finish up our planning process for 2021, which is why we didn't really give specific driver on O&M just yet. I think what we've shown in 2020 in prior years, this sets the table quite well for 2021 and years beyond for our ability to push toward that number of $210 million lower nonfuel O&M starting from 2019. We did discuss a little bit, I think, about the overlap between what was traditionally or originally the merger savings and which now the STP provides us with additional O&M savings that we're just starting to chart and ramp up. So there's kind of an overlap of that process in '21 happen as well.
Tony Somma: Michael, I think it's just kind of a normal annual placeholder, and there's obviously a couple of things we looked at when we looked at our guidance this year and particularly having three really good quarters behind us. And looking at what we've been able to achieve on our cost savings. And we were just pointing that out as that could be a potential headwind, but we have levers, obviously, that we feel comfortable with to narrow the range now at $2.95 to $3.10.
Tony Somma: This is Tony. Some of that was due to the energy efficiency initiatives that we get compensated for. And then as well as we've had some increased weather-normalized demand. I think that I talked about in the script.
Tony Somma: On MEA, there is offset on the O&M, but there are some performance incentives and throughput incentives that do not have a cost associated with them.
