David Campbell: Sure. I'll hand that over to Kirk. This is David. I appreciate the question, Dariusz. As you would expect, the evolution of the Inflation Reduction Act has created some uncertainty in the marketplace, both around what the subsidies would be and whether they would occur. And that has created some dynamics with respect to both considering what valuation is and what the future potential could be. We now have clarity around that, of course, but folks are still settling on respective values. We think that on balance, it further enhances the value proposition where we're proposing in terms of the benefits to potential sellers and for us to potential buyers and what we can offer to customers, but has impacted time. But I'll hand it over to Kirk who's driving that process.
David Campbell: And we've been pleased with -- Kirk and his team were able to negotiate and agree to the acquisition of Persimmon Creek. That's an operating wind farm. We hope to get approval on that by year end and certainly have that in the system next year. As an operating wind farm, it's added a portfolio earlier than what was in our IRP that was initially part of our 2024 plan.
David Campbell: Yes, so the Sibley item remains open. We'll expect a Commission ruling. Really it could be as soon as this week or in the coming weeks certainly, because our rates go in effect December 6. As Kirk described, it's about $0.03 of exposure going forward. And you may say, well gosh, it's if it's $0.01 a quarter this year, why is it lower? It's because of the -- that's the amount that was set in rates in the last rate case. It's a lower balance. Going forward, that's under review. And there are a couple of items that the Missouri Commission will review, and Sibley is one. We always expected that would get a lot of attention in the rate case. It was in a complicated situation. But we were pleased to get constructive settlement of the main issues in the rate case, and we'll have resolution on the remaining couple in the coming weeks.
David Campbell: Well, that was efficient. So I'll wrap up by starting with a special thanks to Lori Wright who will be retiring from Evergy this year after 21 years with the company and its predecessors and nearly four decades in the industry. Lori, we greatly appreciate your outstanding service and contributions. And we know that Pete Flynn has large shoes to fill. For everyone on the call, we appreciate your time with us today and have a great day.
