Anthony Somma: Thanks, Terry. Good morning, everyone. I'll start with results on Slide 10 of the presentation. Last night, we reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $100 million or $0.39 per share compared to $61 million or $0.42 per share in the first quarter of '18. The increase in earnings is primarily due to the inclusion of KCPL's and GMO's results in the first quarter of 2019, which aren't included in Evergy's first quarter 2018 results.  GAAP EPS was $0.03 lower, primarily due to the dilution of shares issued to Great Plains Energy shareholders upon closing of the merger. Adjusted non-GAAP earnings were $111 million or $0.44 per share compared to $92 million or $0.34 per share in the same period a year ago. As detailed on the slide, adjusted EPS was up $0.10, primarily driven by cost reduction efforts, peer shares outstanding and colder than normal weather. Some additional drivers for the quarter include gross margin being up $22 million, primarily due to new retail rates, net of the 2018 provision for rate refund for the lower corporate tax rate, and favorable weather, which we estimate contributed about $0.05 compared to first quarter 2018.  O&M was down $30 million primarily driven by cost reduction efforts associated with merger-enabled efficiencies and plant retirements in Missouri. Depreciation and amortization was $30 million higher, primarily from new depreciation rates that are reflected in our retail prices.  And lastly, accretion resulting from our share repurchase activity which added about $0.03 a share. For the quarter, pro forma residential sales were up 4.5% and commercial sales were up 1.7%, primarily due to the colder weather, which we estimate helped about $0.06 when compared to normal. Pro forma industrial sales were about 3.5% lower in the same period last year. Most of this decrease comes from a large customer in the chemical sector that saw decreased demand at their plant in our service territory.  From an economic standpoint, things have stayed steady in our territories. Current plan rates continue to hover in the low to mid-3% range, remaining below the national average. We saw a nice pickup in multi-family home construction, marking the highest quarterly numbers in this area in the last couple of years. Steady growth remains present in the business services, health care and pet sectors. A pet technology company recently announced the relocation of their headquarters from Silicon Valley to Kansas City. This should bring a few hundred jobs and add to the established animal science corridor that is present within our territory.  Now moving on to Slide 11. Let me touch on our latest financing activities. In March, we issued $400 million of KCPL bonds at 4.125%, replacing bonds with a coupon of 7.15%. As far as upcoming maturities, KG&E has $300 million. The first mortgage bonds coming due in June that we'll look to replace.  Moving on to the holding company. In March, we entered a $1 billion term loan that will expire in September. This allows us to continue our share repurchases between now and later this year, where we project to issue about $1.5 billion of long-term holding company debt. While repurchasing 60 million shares by the next year continues to be our target, the ultimate amount of holding company debt needed will vary based on share price timing and total number of share repurchases. All of which are subject to market factors and the financial outlook of the company.  Throughout the first quarter, we repurchased over 10 million shares through the combination of ASRs and open market purchases. As of the end of April, we've now purchased around 46% of the total 60 million shares -- share target, and we'll still have outstanding an ASR that has not closed.  Wrapping up on Slide 12, as Terry mentioned, our first quarter results started the year in a right direction, so we are reaffirming our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance range of $2.80 to $3 per share. We remain focused on delivering significant cost reductions, while executing our investment plan that minimizes lag during our regulatory stay-out period over the next 4 to 5 years.  Again, to echo what Terry said, we're being very intentional with our capital allocation, giving preference to earning certainty, zeroed on earning our allowed returns and maintaining flexibility for the future and returning capital to you, our shareholders. We remain confident in the plan that we've laid out and continue to believe our thesis offers a competitive and attractive risk-adjusted total shareholder return profile, while focused on keeping customer rates competitive.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Terry.
Anthony Somma: This is Tony. So there is near -- various obviously levers that come up with our guidance range, especially, particularly, when you're going out that far to 2023. Some of them we mentioned in the script which is we could potentially delever the holding company. We can look at increasing our spend if it's right for our customers and for our shareholders where we don't have a lot of regulatory lag. And so as we look at things going out and we'll gain more certainty throughout the planning year this year and we would hope to maybe to the extent the stuff changes, we would let folks know, either foreshadow that at EEI and adding more clarity with some of the numbers when we do our year-end 2019 call.
Anthony Somma: It includes the initial delivery of some shares, but ASR is not closed. And so the parties will give us the remaining shares when the contract terminates.
Anthony Somma: And I'll add, we're continuing to give back merger credits to the tune of $11.5 million a year in Kansas.
Anthony Somma: So this is Tony. We -- when we come out with our -- came out with our guidance and our drivers to get to the $2.80 to $3 a share, we were assuming normal weather.
Terry Bassham: No, that was an exceptional event, that's why I mentioned it's a -- I guess, we say it a lot now, couple in the decades event, but, no, we normally don't have that many customers out 5 days. And so not only do you have extra expense, but you got lost revenue. So that is not normal and haven't -- in fact, I've been here almost 15 years and it's the worst storm we've seen since I've been here.
Terry Bassham: Yes, you're exactly right. Obviously, focused on, as you said, the near-term stability after each company spent 10 years on both reliability, generation and environmental spend. This period post-merger with the synergy savings provide an opportunity for growth is critical. But as you described also, we have ever-changing needs from what customers want and we are very fortunate to have the opportunity to be near one of the best wind resources in the country. We see that as not only an ability to serve our current customers, we see that as an ability to attract economic development from new customers. And we are part of our teams in each of our states and each of our cities. When we talk to folks considering moving to a region about that opportunity, what used to be a green opportunity is now also a green and a low cost opportunity given the technologies around that. In addition to that, you're exactly right, we also have both reliability and customer desire technologies that we're dealing with every single day like everybody is. And that's an area where PISA in particular provides us with a great opportunity to ramp up spend in a way that's structured and approved in Missouri and almost expected. So we're looking at the timing and the ability to do those as well. So each one of those gives us the ability not only to be stable in the short term, but provide for that additional growth in the long-term, and we look forward to updating shareholders along the way as we finalize some of those plans.
Terry Bassham: Yes, I mean, I don't know for sure. What I would tell you is that we are very confident that this is the legislature, which would look at opportunities maybe to send to the commission further work to be done, potentially. But we certainly see that the ultimate outcome of the study should reflect not only the current benchmarking, if you will, of our rates, but the historical development of our cost and rates and what we see in the future, which again, is consistent with what we just talked with Greg about in that, that's what our current merger opportunity provides us with, assurances to those legislators that we see the same issue and have addressed it and our merger does just that. Process-wise, we saw some legislation this time that we didn't think really was appropriate. And obviously, the legislature agreed that we ought to be talking about a study before we look into those kind of things. But certainly if they have particular concerns, we're confident that we'll be able to work with our legislators and our local customers about options that may help solve those problems in a way that makes sense both to them and to our shareholders.
Terry Bassham: No, we actually presented our own study side-by-side. Our witness and their witness and answered the same questions and we are lock-step. I would say that our relationship through the [indiscernible] merger too, where we worked through the final merger settlement in the process for the structure of that stay-out and overview, put us in a position of absolutely being consistent in our voice to our legislators.
Terry Bassham: Yes, we are feeling better actually. Certainly, when initial bill got passed or filed, our initial bills got entered, we became a topic of conversation. And so other folks who had concerns, some of them related to, for example, demand on renew -- on a solar installation. So things that were kind of out there, but just we became part of the discussion. I would say that through that we've talked to folks and solved many problems that were kind of one-offs or specific issues, I'd say. And the study to be conducted now with everybody in the room together, it gives us the ability to have those conversations along the way and not necessarily have as much debate at the very end after we completed. So I think our ability to continue to talk to people over the next 12 months, our ability to work with an independent consultant and our customers that evaluate all the concerns and issues is actually a positive from an outcome starting in January next year.
Terry Bassham: Yes. it's a good point. Remember, we gave our first credit back in the first year after all that was going on. By the time we get to the end of the year, they'll not only have seen that, but know what's in front on them as well. So it will affect those acknowledgments of what the merger means to our customers.
Terry Bassham: Yes. Tony kind of covered it, but what I would say is if you just looked at percentage allocations by state, remember that it's in part an allocation based on the number of customers in that state. So it may look like it's a little heavier one direction than other, but that's based on population. But more importantly, the commitment around the merger, in particular, in Kansas, provide stability, but also provides consistency, whereas the PISA bill in Missouri is specifically geared toward additional spending around infrastructure. We've seen Ameren go out with a plan and seeing what they're doing and have gotten very good responses from the commission. So we see an opportunity there to be able to potentially allocate more in that direction under the PISA structure, which doesn't exist in Kansas. And then, as you go along, you'll continue to see projects that are very specific. We've talked about the fact, we didn't put kind of general buckets out there, but as we develop projects, there may be more projects related to one need or another in a state that's very specific. So as we work through those allocations and budget plans, especially in that back-end period, you could see a focus on one jurisdiction versus another. I will remind you that Missouri is still in a position where we have some lag there. We overspend absent PISA, but they are also looking at shortening the time period for rate cases over there. So if that were to continue to develop, that might give us additional opportunity without creating lag before we got to the end of the period.
Terry Bassham: Yes, well, they are both correct. I mean obviously, on the front end, as we ramp up the savings, there is an early lumpiness, if you will, trending on the front-end that drives in part the EPS pathway as well. And again, as it does that, the back-end is a little softer, we are talking about what we're doing to look at opportunities and needs for additional spending on the back-end from that perspective.
Terry Bassham: Thank you, Lori, and thank you everybody for calling in this morning. Off to a good start and look forward to talking to you throughout the year. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
