Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Sure. Good morning, Bob. I think part of the reason ethane prices were somewhat sticky that you can see temporary dislocations in terms of pipeline operations and so on. Our fundamental view is that we still see rejection of ethane in the range of 500,000 barrels per day and there is a lot more coming on from the Permian pipelines and fractionation capacity that's planned for next year. So my views haven't changed in terms of $0.07 to $0.10 sort of frac margins and abundance of ethane to meet the new demand that we expect from crackers in 2018. So, we're still pretty constructive and consistent with our views.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I still think, as I said in my prepared remarks, that markets are still relatively tight and not all of the industry has returned to unconstrained operations because of some of the comonomer lingering outages that does impact some grades of polyethylene. So my sense is that as the supply chain replenishes inventory, including our customers who likely depleted raw material and finished goods inventory, that'll probably carry us through the fourth quarter and in the first quarter as we showed in our presentation that generally we see a step up in demand seasonally in Q1 and then again in Q3. So I think this demand pattern will likely provide for pretty balanced markets. And so we'll have to see, but I think also we're starting from even a higher price base than when we had anticipated, and higher operating rate, so I think all of that points towards pretty constructive markets.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Sure, Arun. First of all in ethylene, you may have read that one of the crackers that was due to start up early next year has been pushed out due to the impacts from the storm. And also if you look ahead into the spring season, the turnaround season looks to be heavier than average, and certainly the planned maintenance looks like it's going to be more than the spring of 2016, so we see that further tightening ethylene going into next year. So we're pretty constructive on ethylene through first half of next year. And the timing of ethylene and polyethylene price increases that's really just sort of small sort of market movements over time. But I think ethylene is going to be pretty constructive through certainly the middle of next year until the last of large crackers starts up in this sort of series of start-ups that are coming. On propylene, what I had mentioned in my prepared remarks is really that generally propylene prices tend to lag by about a month. And so I think it's very normal the lag that we're seeing, but if we kind of step back, we still think polypropylene is very, very tight. There's not really any new capacity planned and demand is growing year-over-year. So, we're pretty constructive about polypropylene for some time frankly because there's not really any new greenfield capacity coming for another couple of years.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah, good morning. So since our Investor Day, when we sort of presented our strategy and how we thought about inorganic growth, frankly, our strategic priorities did remain consistent, they haven't changed. We laid out our objectives, we laid out sort of the value chains in which we would find interest and we continue to be thoughtful and disciplined and our focus is on value creation. So my view is that not a whole lot has changed, and I don't think we expected in April that something was imminent and as the quarters have played out, that's been the case. So, we're going to be opportunistic, that's a very nature of inorganic growth and be focused on value creation and leverage our strengths.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. I think in the near-term, markets are a little bit tighter partly because of unplanned outages and we think that the market will be more balanced post all of this sort of settling out. And as you rightly mentioned, there is some more capacity coming, but likely that could moderate business conditions further in that value chain. I think the recent move up has been more because of the unplanned outages, whether it's there because of hurricanes or elsewhere due to mechanical issues.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Good morning, David. Let me give you a few statistics to help frame the degree of sort of supply growth exceeding demand growth. This is IHS data for your consideration, so 2016 to 2017, by IHS data, we'd estimate that supply for polyethylene has grown by about 7% from 2016 to 2017, and demand has grown at 4%, which is the number we've been talking about for some time and consistent with history. So you could say perhaps that supply growth from 2016 to 2017 exceeds demand growth by 3%. 2017 to 2018, based on published numbers, supply growth increases by 4.7% and let's assume that demand grows by another 4%. If you look across those two years, you end up with perhaps operating rates declining by 3%, 4% coming off of very, very high operating rates and what we would consider still to be balanced markets on an annual average basis and tight markets during seasonal periods. If you look at that slide that we showed in our presentation, it shows that the growth really comes in the first three quarters in a year. And when you think about operating rates, effective operating rates still being in the 90%s post this period of supply exceeding demand growth, I think markets are going to be pretty balanced and as we go into the seasonal upturn in 2018, I think there is the potential for this capacity to be absorbed over that period of time. So and the other thing I would offer is that because of the recent price movements, our starting point is higher than it would have been otherwise. So, I don't have a crystal ball to tell you how much prices could decline next year, but it seems to me that with the starting point being higher prices and starting point being very high operating rates and modest decline, we're going to have pretty constructive markets.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So as you know, in our European fleet, on an annual average basis, a little more than half of our feedstock is non-naphtha based or purchased at a discount to naphtha and I think that will continue. I think the availability of those what we call advantaged feeds should continue. Higher oil prices should provide for higher co-product prices over time and there is some seasonality in there. So, I think ticking from low-$50s to upper-$50s on Brent in my mind doesn't materially change the competitiveness of our European assets. And if you consider further, the backdrop of still a relatively weak euro compared to dollar, compared to what it was a couple of years ago, we've seen imports actually decline into Europe this year on polyethylene. So I think Europe is still going to be competitive and my expectation is that we're going to run at maximum rates next year of available capacity.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Good morning, Kevin. Most of that was from lost sales in terms of the $200 million impact. We had some fixed costs related to maintenance and so on. But you can consider most of it to be volume related. In terms of the split on the segments, about 60% in the Americas, 20% IND, 20% refining, approximately that sort of split is what – where the impact landed.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, first of all let me frame for you kind of our asset base along the Gulf Coast and just to sort of help understand, I think how well we did during the storm. As I mentioned during my prepared remarks, we've about nine assets, nine individual sites from Corpus Christi to Lake Charles, Louisiana. And in that there are four polyethylene sites and four large crackers. So, we think about our participation or our number of assets we have relative to others in the industry, we have a considerable amount of assets here, add to that headquarters with about a 1,100 people in Houston and a pipeline system that's more than 2,000 miles. So, if you kind of put all of that in your mind and you think about $200 million impact on mostly lost volume, I think that's really outstanding and really credit to our people. We weren't impacted on the project at La Porte because we're still very early in the construction. We've just now started to pour foundations and we're coming out of the ground as the same goes in the construction business; so very early. We still project startup mid 2019 for our polyethylene unit. And given the earliness in our construction, the timeline really hasn't been impacted. So that's how to think about the project versus the cracker at La Porte.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. So first of all, Frank, we have multiple platforms in the company, which we can build on and that's essentially as we talked about during Investor Day, our aim was to deploy some of our free cash flow into organic growth, so that we could think about earnings growth through cycles and have a positive slope through these cycles and I think we're starting to build a pipeline now. Having done our ethylene expansions early and having paid for most of them by now, I think we now can focus on derivatives and we can focus on propylene chain, whether it's PO/TBA or polypropylene. So I think this is sort of a continuation of what we laid out during Investor Day and our organic growth opportunities and pipeline, we have ahead of us. So to me, this is the next natural sort of organic growth opportunity after announcing polyethylene and PO/TBA is to go to polypropylene where we see a market that's growing at reasonable rates. We have a global position in polypropylene. We have a strong technology position with leading process technology and polyolefin catalyst. So, it's a chance to leverage technology in a region that we think is growing at a rate where there's an opportunity for more capacity to meet that growing demand. And really what we're thinking through beyond polypropylene is where that propylene will come from and we're thinking about whether we build our own PDH unit or we further purchase more propylene from the market. And to me that's really kind of a make versus buy decision and very return-oriented focus. So – but it's something that I'd like to see us move with pace and as the report suggest, currently we're on the trajectory of making a final investment decision by the end of next year.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think, Alex, we have the opportunity to do so many other things at the moment that have equal or better returns. And so, our focus is to build out the polyethylene capacity after Hyperzone, we'll think about whether we want to do another polyethylene plant. We've talked about that. We're already doing now the PO/TBA project. So again, to me, we have multiple platforms we can build on and at some point we will cross the decision of additional ethylene and polyethylene capacity. But in the meantime, we can diversify our project – our organic growth through the multiple platforms and that's really what I would prefer at the moment.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think certainly, Hassan, those two are related, especially in early part of October and the latter part of September, we certainly were looking for other sources of supply for comonomer, and while we were doing that we couldn't run our polyethylene plants at full rate, so post-hurricane to the extent that we could run – we could only run about 80% in September and we've been able to ramp up a little bit more. But that comonomer facility has a significant percentage of supply, about half of the comonomer in the U.S. comes from that facility and on a global basis something like 20% I believe. So, very important and that has constrained polyethylene production and therefore, the need for ethylene. I suspect that as we move through November, some of that will ease and the comonomer supply will resume. But we don't really know much more than that at this point. And then if you think about beyond that, by January, we already be moving into then the seasonal uptick as we do every year in Q1.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think, Ian, first of all, I think it's important to look under the headline of polyethylene and consider how much of the new capacity is linear low density, low density and high density polyethylene. And it's the first thing to think about when we think about destination markets and impact on domestic premiums, if you will. And the conclusion I think is that there is a reasonable amount of balance between these three polyethylenes and on a percentage basis, by IHS data, it seems that the percentage increase in supply is the greatest in linear low density polyethylene and it's meaningfully so between the conventional and the metallocene linear lows. So, I can't speak for how others have planned for all of that, but I can tell you for us as a company, we've been thinking through all of that. We've been thinking through moving incremental product through our own marketing network both in Europe and in Asia and supply chains required to reach those markets, and we're very well-prepared and our plans are on a good timeline.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Thanks, Duffy for your question. You can understand the confidential nature of our discussions in the technologies segment. So I'll be general in my comments. First of all, I think the move in China, specifically, are tighter environmental regulation and the move away from recycled polyethylene, both of those point towards more constructive markets globally, and meaning directionally less supply because of regulations and more demand for virgin polyethylene as opposed to recycled polyethylene in China. I think both of those, especially the reduction in recycled content directionally increases operating rates for 2018. In terms of what we're seeing in our business longer term, I think we do see some delays in also olefin-type projects, especially in the coastal areas and generally some delays in polypropylene decisions as well. So, we don't see a significant sort of wave of expansions on a global basis beyond what's reported by IHS. So, I'll leave it there to be respectful of the confidential nature of that business.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, it could be, Jonas, again I'm quoting IHS data and it could be that the expansions are sort of back end loaded in the year that could potentially explain part of that. But the other is and I continue to believe their operating rates are so high that 2%, 3% reduction in operating rates doesn't put us in a significantly different market environment. You add to that seasonality and now the hurricane impact, which likely moderates Q4 2017, I think all of that says, as we've suggested in our prepared remarks that markets are well-positioned to absorb a good bit of this new capacity that's coming. So, perhaps those things help explain what your question is.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Well, Matthew, this IMO topic has gained more momentum as the year has gone on. And this is essentially the change in the bunker fuel spec for a shift that fuel would lower sulfur as a cap, if you will. Our refinery is really well positioned to take advantage of upside that this potentially might represent. The upside for the rest of our listeners, it really comes from two sources, one is from potentially wider light to heavy differentials on crude pricing. The theory being that heavier crudes will be more in supply as fewer refineries can meet the sulfur specifications. The other is, we think, as you mentioned, Matthew, stronger distillate margins, which again are very heavy, complex refinery – heavy crude processing complex refinery is well-positioned to capture indeed (47:34) stronger distillate margins come about. So as time goes on, we're going to monitor this and see how it plays out. But as it stands today, a new regulation will go into effect in January of 2020, which is not so far away now. And I think we'll have very good visibility next year. So I like how our refinery is positioned. As to your question about what are we doing in the meantime? Our focus really is about having a highly reliable refinery, we've already made improvements from 2016 to 2017 as evidenced in our numbers, and we want to be positioned as well as possible to operate at very high rates, whether IMO has an impact or not. And so, we're quite focused on an improvement plan, which we're implementing and I'm quite pleased with the results in 2017 and very aware that we need to continue to deliver results year-after-year at our refinery, much like we do with all the other assets in the company. So, we'll have to see how this goes, but we're encouraged by what IMO may represent for our refinery.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: All right. Thank you, Michele. Well, with no further questions in the queue, let me close with a few remarks. We've operated well through Q3 this year and I'm especially proud of our team and how well they've responded to this extraordinary natural disaster that was Harvey. Nearly 40% of our employees in a significant part of our global asset base were in the path of the storm. Our team remains consistently focused on safe, reliable, cost efficient operations. I continue to believe these strengths and focus provide the foundation for future growth, towards which we have made significant strides in through Q3 2017. In early February 2018, we look forward to discussing our full-year results from 2017 and we will have an expanded earnings call at that time, during which we'll provide updates on LyondellBasell growth strategy. Until then, thank you for your thoughtful questions and continued interest in our company. With that, our call is adjourned. Thank you.
