Bob Patel: So, Duffy, we in fact did see that especially in the first three quarters of the year, quite a bit of it was in the Pipe and Packaging segment of the business. So not only here in the U.S., but more exports as well which drove global demand growth.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Duffy, as we have our discussions, we don’t see that magnitude in that timeframe, a lot of them are under consideration. But I would say the timeline is much later than what’s described and so we will look for those updates as those projects reach final investment decisions, but we expect that -- those will go forward further in terms of timing.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Well, David, we have -- it’s a very -- as I have talked about in the past it’s a very complex transactions. And in terms of the timeline, the part of the protracted timeline has been the pause because of the change in government and given sort of the shareholder ownership that you all know about Braskem. So I can tell you that we have completed very high quality due diligence. We have a few follow-up items. But I think as we sit here today, we better understand issues and value creation drivers. We had been in discussions with relevant stakeholders, including Auto Brasch. We don’t know whether these discussions will lead to an agreement. We will -- and but I can tell you we’d only move forward at the right price and if we believe the transaction creates significant value for all of our stakeholders.
Bob Patel: Yeah. I think a lot of that, David, is the Hyperzone plant, our new polyethylene capacity coming online. You will recall today, ethylene margins are -- have been very thin, so to the extent that we can integrate downstream and capture more of the ethane to polyethylene chain margin that will contribute and it’s a world scale plant. So it will make a difference in terms of the O&P Americas profitability.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So in terms of inventory, no, we are not carrying unusually high amounts of inventory across our entire system. So I think there is some inventory build for turnaround that we are expecting here in the U.S. of our largest polyethylene plant. It’s a 2 billion pound per year of polyethylene plant that will have a turnaround in the Q1. Otherwise, the inventories, we don’t see is being high across the system. And frankly, downstream because the destocking happened and we think that inventories are quite moderate or kind of below average downstream as well.
Bob Patel: Well, Vincent, I mean, it’s difficult to predict where they will go. But you have seen the potential in ‘18 and the correction has been fairly significant. So we will have to see how that develops. I think when you think about our I&D business, the methanol, the acetyls and the styrene margins tend to be the most dynamic part of the portfolio. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, underlying all of that, we have more contracting improvements that will accrue to the earnings of I&D starting about mid-year. So, I think, we have reached that sort of the base in I&D from 1.5 to 1.7 and if styrene and methanol markets turn out to be directionally what they were in ‘18, then we should have another very strong year in I&D.
Bob Patel: I don’t know where the margins are today versus the historical average. But we tend to take periods of time when we communicate, because if we take narrower timeframes, price margins can be much higher or lower. So we are very constructive about the market. And if you think about TBA, and specifically, MTBE last year, especially in the second half, gasoline demand and gasoline margins were quite low. So we think some improvement in that in addition to lower butane prices which we saw during the winter. We think those that boded very well for the MTBE part of our I&D business.
Bob Patel: Well, so first of all, what we have learned from our QCP joint venture is that, collection and segregation are very important and in the past what has ailed the recycling business is this -- that the input is very mixed. And so I think that’s what’s the differential about our joint venture with Suez as we get relatively segregated polyolefin waste that and is further segregated in our venture and then washed and then recycled. In terms of impact on demand, I think, it will take a bit of time for the infrastructure to get in place and to be built out. So in the near-term, we don’t expect, meaning the next two years, three years, four years and we don’t expect a meaningful impact, and we will just have to watch and see the pace of infrastructure growth. In terms of Europe, I can tell you that even in recent meetings with that my team has had with leadership in Brussels, the focus is more on a circular economy rather than de-selection of plastics and that was again reaffirmed in recent discussions. So we think that our approach with the QCP venture is very well placed and the idea for us is to now build out that platform throughout Europe, and we are focused on doing that.
Bob Patel: Well, first of all, I don’t want to comment on direction of prices here on the call. But I can tell you that as we look at January, we are seeing in the U.S. more return to more normal demand and we expect as February, March and April progress, seasonally we tend to see an uptick in demand, because of packaging and so on, and what we hear from our customers is that, that seasonal uptick in demand should be expected. And if you think about downstream inventories, because of the destocking that occurred with the reducing oil price, we think downstream inventory are quite lean. So when you look at inventories, you really have to look at the inventories in the chain rather than just in one part of the chain. And so, I think, all this will normalize and our sense is, if you step back and look at operating rates globally, they still look to be among the highest we have seen in polyethylene in the past four years. So I think the setup is very constructive for the entire year, given that demand typically grows in the first two quarters to three quarters of the year. And so, I mean, I think, operating rates are high and that points to a very constructive market.
Bob Patel: Sure. So that you are referring to the polyethylene gasoline margin for us and the way we transfer ethylene price internally is, it’s a spot -- it’s a blend of contract and spot and you will note that in Q4 we saw a rising spot price of ethylene. So really there was more margin in Olefins and a little bit less in polyethylene. It’s not a reflection on the revenue of polyethylene.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Thanks, Arun. First of all, so if you think about Q4, there were kind of three big drivers that we think are kind of one-offs. First of all, we talked about the environment of declining crude oil price and the related destocking, and how price moves in that kind of environment, a 40% decline in one quarter is really enormous and that’s largely played out and oil prices rebounded. So we think that’s constructive as we look at first half of ‘19. In terms of Europe and EAI, just from one cracker turnaround that extended past our planned window and the Rhine River and some, so we had one of our suppliers of feedstock had a disruption, that all we think impacted earnings by about $100 million in Q4 largely behind us. Rhine River is back to normal levels, our cracker is expected to be for most of the quarter at full rate, so $100 million impact we think is really isolated to Q4. And then in Refining, I mean, we are sitting here with Maya 2-1-1 spreads that are the lowest we have seen since the ‘08 timeframe and what’s driven that is a few factors. First of all, you will recall that the K -- the so called K factor is what get determines the delta between Mexican crude and light crude, if you will, that K factor has been slow to adjust, so the light-heavy differential has been almost zero of late. So we think that will revert, we are already seeing some correction to the K factor and we expect more to come and of a long gasoline market that I described, which may persist, I don’t know. But I do think the light-heavy differential and in particular, how Maya is priced, we should see improvement as the quarter progresses. So largely the maintenance impacts in Europe were isolated to one unit and they are kind of behind us.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So in terms of the strategic merits, I mean, I think, and first of all, when you think about Brazil. The outlook for Brazil continues to improve and the expectations are positive under the new government. So and it’s an economy, if you look at the IMF report, it’s one of the few in the world that’s expected to grow at a reasonably good rates. We think longer-term the economy there hold good potential, a scenario where we don’t have much of a position, so it makes us even more of a global producer and seller of Polyolefins. In the case of the U.S. and Europe there is in part a consolidation opportunity and also a lot of our technology is deployed within Braskem. So those are just a few of the merits -- strategic merits of a transaction like that. As I mentioned earlier, it’s got to be at the right price and it has to be significantly value creating for our shareholders.
Bob Patel: Well, thank you for asking that. I was hoping somebody would ask me, so I could work it into my commentary. I mean, I think, P.J., IMO we still see meaningful impact, especially because we have such a heavy crude processing refinery. Yes, recent press suggests that maybe some of the impact will be muted. We actually think if we look at forward curves now perhaps the expectations have corrected to the low side, whereas perhaps at the end of last year, there was a little bit more enthusiasm. We do continue to believe that there will be a positive impact from IMO starting in late Q3 into Q4 as the inventory is rotated into the lower sulfur and diesel and that’s deployed across the network around the world and then 2020 we do expect some meaningful impact from IMO 2020. So but the thing we can control is, we have got to operate well, and I think, we have positioned ourselves by completing all of our maintenance to run at full rates and capture whatever opportunity lies ahead and I continue to think that there will be a meaningful benefit and late this year into 2020.
Bob Patel: Well, I think, P.J., well, first of all, I appreciate the recognition in terms of the momentum around the alliance and so on, and it’s -- credit goes to a lot of companies who have been really a catalyst for getting this going. In terms of the economics of recycling, as I mentioned earlier, really better collection and segregation of the source is critical to the economics and then building up scale and doing the recycling closer to where the waste is collected as it’s adding costs by moving waste around the world detracts from the economics. So -- and to tell you that’s what we are focused on as -- with the QCP venture in Europe and we believe it’s a model that can be replicated, certainly within Europe and as we develop that further we will think about other jurisdictions around the world.
Bob Patel: Well, so that the -- in terms of the allocation, there will be -- we will move in parallel on all four. There is not waiting more strongly towards one or the other. But if you were to go to the website, endplasticwaste.org you can see the initial actions the alliance will take which were backing and supporting an effort through a company called Renewlogy that is converting waste plastic into fuel. There is a fund called Circulate Capital that’s funding initiatives around the world that directionally end plastic waste. So, Jonas, I’d encourage you to look at that and that’s going to be -- we want to move on all four fronts. We do believe that we have got a slow down and stop which entering the environment, we need to address what’s already in the environment and education and innovation are going to be what’s going to make this more sort of structural and sustainable part in the fund over the long period of time.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So, John, that some of the news around the delays is quite fresh and we have not included that in our analysis here. But indeed you are right that what I have read certainly says that, there are some incremental delays in some of the new crackers coming. So our view is that in a lower oil price environment like we have and you will recall last year we said that more of the NGLs that are coming from the Permian contain more butane and propane as ethane was rejected, which caused kind of this run up in ethane. All of this is to say that alternative feedstocks like propane, butane, liquids will be very competitive at lower oil price, more propane and butane available especially after we get through the winter season and export capacity in the near-term is we don’t know of any really big new capacity coming for propane. So I think that in the environment that we are in, you could say that the volatility should be less, if at all, especially with the delays. So -- and you saw some evidence of that in Q4 when oil price dropped, you actually saw propane and butane become a lot cheaper and they were very competitive as feedstocks.
Bob Patel: Right. So, Kevin, in the Q4 we had a significant reset in prices and I think that’s, because of oil price declining, that’s occurred. And my team tells me that in January orders look very good in Europe, so we have seen demand come back. And so I am actually quite constructive about the supply/demand balance in Europe. So and I think there will be some impetus to improve profitability as the year goes on. Again, if you step back and you look at global operating rates rising this year and now that supply chain could reset because of the declining oil price we are coming into a seasonally strong period. This is a -- all of this is a set up for improving profitability as we work through the first half of the year. And I think EAI should benefit from the higher global operating rates and the oil price correction behind us, so I am actually quite positive about EAI.
Bob Patel: Well, I think, ultimately, we will see what happens in about 10 days or 14 days. But, I think, Frank, given that we have been through a pretty big destocking cycle and my view at least on the packaging and the non-durable side is that, demand is growing and all of sort of the demographic factors that we have discussed in the past that is still in place. In terms of automotive, I think, credit is loosening over there and the middle class is growing. So it seems to me that demand for automobiles should be constructive, barring some event that none of us can predict. So I am quite optimistic and hopeful about what we will see post Chinese New Year.
Bob Patel: Indeed, I mean, I think, Hassan, the volatility could come from the degree of reliability we see in the various crackers and as new very large world scale units come online, can imagine if one 3 billion pound cracker comes offline and that could cause a significant change in the supply/demand balance. The other thing that, I think, we will have to watch is the timing of derivative expansions versus cracker expansions. If derivative expansions come sooner, that could actually cause more firmness in the ethylene market. I think the opposite is unlikely, with anything, derivatives could come a little bit earlier, especially in one or two projects that are more integrated in terms of their setup.
Bob Patel: Well, I think, Jeff, as we see more PDH capacity come into the market, it will probably reduce the volatility of propylene, because now you have a bigger base that generally runs and is not dependent on feedstock flexibility, right. So that’s been part of the source of propylene price volatility is when feedstocks change in the past that it had a big impact on the amount of propylene volume that was available. But now as the base of PDH capacity grows, it will probably act to stabilize and maybe reduce some of the volatility.
Bob Patel: Yeah. And Ian, if you think, step back and strategically look at what we have been doing. We have been looking to create shareholder value by pulling a number of levers. We had meaningful organic growth in ‘18, inorganic growth with the Schulman acquisition and we bought back a meaningful number of our shares. So I think you ought to look for that to continue, because this is a company that has many levers and we will look for the one that creates the most value as we think about deploying our operating cash flow or our balance sheet.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So with all of the other initiatives we have had going on, we have kind of, with the PP plant we are still considering it and certainly the buy versus build scenario on propylene is one that we are contemplating today. And as you know from your conference, I know, Jim very well, and I spent some time with them, so that’s an option, depending on the economics of buy versus build. We will continue to evaluate that.
Bob Patel: Okay. Great. Well let me offer a few closing remarks, if I may. So, after a challenging fourth quarter, where a typical seasonality was exacerbated by declines in crude oil. We are looking forward to rebounding demand from restocking of supply chains. In 2019 we will continue to accrue synergies in our APS segment from the Schulman acquisition. We look forward to growth from our new Hyperzone production and anticipate an improving refining market, with a lighter planned maintenance schedule in 2019, we are really well prepared to maximize production to meet the needs of growing markets and our global business portfolio provides resilience, we are well-positioned to pursue any other value creating opportunities. So thank you for your interest and we look forward to updating you in April on our first quarter results. With that we are adjourned.
Thomas Aebischer: When you look at the inventory difference year-over-year on a cash basis, it’s about a $90 million change versus 2017, so really small.
Thomas Aebischer: It’s not just polyethylene, it’s glycols, it’s alpha-olefins and lot of other ethylene consumers as well.
Thomas Aebischer: Well, thank you, Ian, for the question. So, I think, if you look, so first of all, we took a significant advantage of attractive share price, especially in the fourth quarter. We have always said that we are buying back our own share opportunistically. I think it’s, when you ask your question it’s important to note that the -- we obviously increased net debt, you are absolutely right. But the main reason to increase net debt or the reason is actually the Schulman acquisition. So if you look at cash flow from operating activity, is $5.5 billion for the year. We have CapEx of $2.1 billion and dividend and share buybacks of $3.1 billion. So for the share buyback program we actually did what we always said, that we are using excess cash flow to buy back our own shares. Now we are at a point where we have to make decisions as the share price stays attractive to actually raise debt in order to replenish our debt portfolio, which we have used the cash to -- for the acquisition of Schulman. So we have sufficient funds as I said, the liquidity is about $4 billion. We have sufficient funds to pursue our growth initiatives, as well as to continue with our share buybacks opportunistically.
