Bob Patel: Thanks Dave. Good morning to all and thank you for taking the time to join our fourth quarter earnings call. Let's begin with slide four and review the results we delivered during the 2017 and our progress in advancing our growth strategy. During last year's fourth quarter teleconference, we described how our work in 2016 to complete both an unusually heavy maintenance schedule and 20% expansion program for our U.S. ethylene capacity would lead to higher volume in 2017. Our team overcame challenges from capacity additions in our industry and obstacles from Hurricane Harvey to deliver significant volume improvements and an 8% increase in EBITDA. Our profitability resulted in an 8.4% free cash flow yield and capital returns that exceeded the company's cost of capital by more than three times. LyondellBasell's shareholder returns in 2017 continue to surpass the strong growth of the S&P 500 and the S&P chemical index benchmarks. During our Investor Day in April of 2017, we outlined our ambitions to build on our strengths and skills by adding value through organic growth and a disciplined pursuit of inorganic opportunities. Last year, we advanced organic growth by moving forward on two major greenfield capacity additions by expanding our global reach with a third compounding plant in China and by partnering with SUEZ on a venture for plastic recycling in Europe. We improved our capabilities in readiness for growth with targeted investments in people to support increased activity for both organic project development and inorganic growth. We also applied our strengths in operational excellence to drive improved reliability at our refinery while extending our legacy technical innovation within our polymer businesses. Our strong 2017 results have a foundation in our core values which include a fundamental commitment to top-tier safety performance. Turning to slide five. Our safety performance during 2017 continued to be among the best in our industry. Our employees had fewer injuries than any prior year in the company's history. In addition to a lower number of injuries, we saw significant reductions in the severity of environmental and safety incidents across our company. While I am pleased to see the improvements, we remain focused in our drive to capture the lessons learned from our experiences and work towards safety perfection. In addition to the obvious benefits for our employees, contractors and communities, we continue to believe that a consistent focus on safety cascade benefits throughout the company's operations, reliability and ultimately our financial results. Slide six summarizes the improvements in our quarterly and annual results relative to 2016. Fourth quarter 2017 income and earnings per share increased primarily due to an $819 million one-time, non-cash benefit from U.S. tax reform that increased earnings by $2.07 per share. The quarterly EBITDA profile in the bottom of the slide reflects typical seasonal trends for our industry, with stronger results in the second and third quarters. Fourth quarter 2017 EBITDA benefited from volume and margin strength following third quarter inventory declines in the U.S. driven by Hurricane Harvey. During our third quarter call, I mentioned that we would incur October impacts, primarily in our La Porte cracker from the effects of Hurricane Harvey and also that one of our German crackers incurred downtime during October. These events impacted fourth quarter results by approximately $100 million and $40 million respectively. EBITDA increased by 23% for the fourth quarter relative to the same quarter last year and 8% for the year relative to 2016. Year-over-year EBITDA improvements were driven by improved margins and increased volumes following our investments in maintenance and growth during 2016. Slide seven shows how our team delivered on volume improvements during 2017 with 23 of our plans around the world setting annual production records. With a lighter maintenance schedule than 2016 and the completion of our U.S. ethylene expansion program, our global fleet of crackers produced 13% more ethylene in 2017. The improved monomer availability allowed us to run our equity derivatives at higher rates and increase polyethylene and ethylene upside volumes by 4%. Volumes could have been even higher if not for the disruptions caused by Hurricane Harvey. Our focused maintenance and reliability efforts at the refinery increased 2017 throughput by 35,000 barrels per day, a 17% year-over-year improvement. I sincerely thank all of our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication in delivering these impressive results. And now Thomas will provide more detail on our financial highlights.
Bob Patel: Yes. So Arun, as we finished last year, the market still were quite balanced or tight as there was some recovery from the Harvey effort. Incrementally, the weather here in Houston in January did impact production, including ours, as I mentioned. So our sense is that the backdrop is perhaps even a little bit tighter than what folks had depicted when some of those publications came out. And if you will recall, in our third quarter earnings release, I had described that typically in a given year, given seasonality in our business, most of the growth in a year happens in the first week orders of the year. So I suspect that we are going to have pretty firm market conditions through most of this year. And we will look for perhaps some weakness in Q4 when demand seasonally declines.
Bob Patel: Yes. Good morning Steve. I don't have a firm number on that. But I think there's been some impact in addition to the reduction in some of the recycling. So if you step back and look at polyethylene supply/demand growth and kind of look globally, from 2017 to 2018, we are expecting that PE capacity is probably going to grow about 5.6% on a nameplate basis and HDPE is going to grow 4.1%, which is about equivalent to its growth rate annually. So whether it's Chinese reforms, weather related issues here, I think all of it kind of nets out to very balanced market conditions for the foreseeable quarters and that we don't see this supply excess as being significant. And we are starting at very high operating rates. So I think all these things you mentioned, they all have incremental impact on that supply/demand balance.
Bob Patel: Good morning Vincent. So ethane kind of followed gas prices here recently. When you step back and look at the numbers, the last number that we have they had been published in November and it had the production of ethane was kind of the order of 1.6 million barrels per day, consumption was about 1.3 million barrels per day. So we still have more ethane production than demand. And this is in a backdrop where propane and butane weren't really in the mix because they were quite expensive. So as we move through this year and as propane and butane prices moderate, I think that, combined with more ethane coming to market with new fracs and new pipelines from the Permian, we continue to believe that there's enough ethane nearby the Gulf Coast to supply the new crackers that will come online. And if anything, as you mentioned, higher oil prices will likely increase the output of ethane, especially from the Permian. So we are watching it, but we continue to believe that ethane supply will be sufficient, if not in excess, as we move through the year.
Bob Patel: Well, I think, for us, very frankly, PDH would be the leading case because with the metathesis it's sort of an optimization tool that we have. And it doesn't always run full. It depends on propylene relative to ethylene price. And I think some of the challenges that you mentioned on PDH is a couple of things. One is, some of the most recent PDHs are the largest of their kind that have ever been built. So that brings complexity by itself. And much like ethylene crackers, that could take a bit of time to kind of iron out some of the bugs and work through on some of the startup issues. But the way we are kind of thinking about this is that we are a fairly significant buyer of propylene and if it's really kind of a make versus buy decision. But I see us as continuing to be a merchant buyer of propylene even if we were to build a world-scale PDH plant. And in terms of operability, that wouldn't hold us back from considering PDH. I think it's just uniqueness because of the first and second of this kind in terms of scale that are being built today.
Bob Patel: Yes. So David, we run early with our debottlenecks and so we focused quite a bit on ethylene over the last four, five years and so really now our focus is to consume more of that ethylene internally and convert it to polyethylene. I think we are still going to be a merchant seller of ethylene, but likely less so than we are today. So when I think about sort of the opportunity set in front of us with more polyethylene potential given the amount of ethylene we have, a PDH polypropylene here, perhaps PP in Europe, continuing to execute our PO/TBA, I think we have many other high return opportunities before we would consider a new cracker. I do think at some point we will undertake the analysis on that and it's just more a matter of phasing. And also I like the fact that our organic growth program is targeting multiple value chains. So we have ethylene, polyethylene, propylene, polypropylene and propylene, PO/TBA. So it gives us some diversity, if you will, as well in terms of our growth program.
Bob Patel: Yes. Good morning Kevin. Our focus has really been on improving the operation. We know we can run better and we demonstrated that last year. In fact, it was one of the few assets that ran through the hurricane even if at reduced rates. So we are firmly focused on that. We see the IMO opportunity getting closer. There's a wide-ranging set of views around how it will impact light-heavy differentials, but this is a really premier asset with significant scale and in the amount of sour crude processing capability and coking capacity we have. So we are just going to focus on running it reliably and let's see what this IMO opportunity brings. We think there's some upside. And as the year progresses and we get towards the end of the year, I think we will have even more visibility about the magnitude of that upside. So frankly, that's our focus today.
Bob Patel: Yes. So good morning Jim. On MTO, certainly, given where global operating rates have been in ethylene, MTO continues to be the last increment of supply for Asia and therefore for the rest of the world. And you can see that evidenced in ethylene prices over in Asia. And to the extent that there's a delta between that and naphtha based cost, it certainly affords EAI a reasonable margin in terms of ethylene. And you rightly point out the tie to our intermediates business. As there's a call on the methanol, we see methanol values rise and margins rise. So there's a dual benefit for the MTO being in the money. As we look into 2018, our sense is, given that operating rates are so high that during seasonally strong periods, likely MTO is still going to be needed in a very meaningful way. And so I would expect that continue.
Bob Patel: Yes. Thank you, P.J. I think at these levels, it's been difficult to sustain. And as you think about new, very large crackers starting up, much like I described with PDH, there's a lot of challenge in the ramp-up. They are very, very capable companies who have undertaken these expansions, but they are very complex process units. And so I suspect, as we have seen in the past when operating rates have been this high or stayed this high, markets are very sensitive to small unplanned outages as there's not enough margin. So I think the consequence is, first of all, MTO will be needed more consistently. Secondly, you could see a propensity for ethylene prices to rise when there's some unplanned downtime. And so we will just kind of have to watch that. But that's been our point the last couple of years that we don't really see a large drop in the operating rates. And when you are in the mid-90s like we are today, even if you are at 93% for a year, during seasonal peak periods, you are actually running in the upper 90s. So we consider that to be a very tight market.
Bob Patel: Well, so Frank, what we do is we, Thomas and I, sit together and we kind of look at where the current share price is, what's our expectation for cash flow and we set up a grid that, again, allows us to accomplish our objective of being opportunistic. And then we let that run its course. And then again, as we are doing currently, we are evaluating the next 10b5 plan. So yes, generally, you are correct.
Bob Patel: Yes. So the ramp will be in 2019 will be pretty close to $3 billion and in 2020 will be at $3 billion or a little above. It assumes most of those projects go forward, yes. And what drives that number today is our PO/TBA project is a fairly significant investment. So as we get into the construction and sort of the peak of the spending for that project, which will be 2019 and 2020, that drives those numbers. And then you will see those come off in 2021 even though we are going to continue with these other projects. The PO/TBA project by itself is pretty significant.
Bob Patel: So first of all, Hassan, I think part of the driver for the polypropylene price increase has been some of the challenges on startup of a couple of very large PDH units here and one of those companies is a merchant seller of propylene. So I think that's been a pretty significant driver of propylene prices in the very near term. Propane prices coming up certainly contributed to some of that. I think propylene, as it has been recently, will continue to be somewhat dynamic in terms of price. And it doesn't really affect our thinking in terms of our new polypropylene plant because if you think about if we do build PDH and we are thinking about propane to polypropylene essentially and if I think around the propane side of that equation with the Permian ramping up, more ethane, more NGLs, we think there's going to be lots of propane. And we think that the PDH-based polypropylene can be economical here in the U.S.
Bob Patel: Duffy, the ultimate goal is about value creation for the long term. And I know those words are easily said. But look, I will tell you, we are focused on that. When we think about whatever it might be and we think about synergies, we think about cost, operational synergies. And I will tell you very frankly, we are well positioned today with our cash position, with the balance sheet and so on. I don't feel that we have to go do something right now. You are going to see us continue to be patient, be value minded and think about how do we apply our strengths to create value. And the kind of position we have today, it affords us a lot of flexibility going into whatever sort of market environment exists. So I don't feel the urge that we have got to go out and do something because we have all this flexibility. And I don't think you should expect that that is going to change anytime soon. We will again be very value-minded.
Bob Patel: Jonas, we are seeing very good demand at the moment. And if you think about last year, especially in the U.S. with first of all, in polyethylene in a tight market had a very, very strong year because of more onshore oil and gas drilling and so on. Industry exports actually declined significantly in 2017 from the U.S. And certainly for our company, they declined dramatically. So if you assume that global demand for high-density polyethylene, for example, grows at 4%. Typically, given that there's a lot of packaging and things that are more nondurable in nature, I actually think that there's a potential for even higher growth catching up from last year's constrained environment from a supply standpoint. And from the U.S., because we had to cut back so much on exports, I think getting back to more traditional or more recent averages on exports in the U.S., that creates demand for U.S. based production. So I am quite constructive. And as I cited some of those statistics, supply growth for high-density polyethylene is about 4%, 2017 to 2018 and demand growth, I think, should be at least that. So I think we are going to see pretty good conditions.
Bob Patel: Yes. So John, it's a great question and one that I have been asked in different forums. I can't speculate what others will do, but I will tell you how we are thinking about it. I continue to encourage my team to think about the investment logic and sort of why we would build something. And I think tax reform, it might add to returns. It's not the reason to undertake organic growth because it could change frankly. And as you rightly point out, the cycle is somewhat long in terms of building. So from LyondellBasell standpoint and from my standpoint, there's got to be solid investment logic and we would think about undertaking this investment in the prior tax regime or in the new one. And so we will have to see how that plays out. But even if some of the capital spending increases, we are probably looking at five years from now or so before we see capacity hit the market.
Bob Patel: Well, I think, Bob, in the near term, we haven't seen anything, but I do think that some of it will get dislocated and move to other countries. But that takes time and there's a bit of a space or a lag in between what's happened in terms of regulations in China and where that product shows up. The other thing I would mention is that, I think globally there's more scrutiny on the quality of recycled resins. So I think it probably provides some tailwind here in the next 12 to 18 months until that ends up somewhere else or a part of it does. And that's the period where we are seeing more capacity. So I think directionally, it probably still helps us.
Bob Patel: Yes. Good morning Matthew. And I am sure you are referencing the announcement that came out earlier in the week. I think generally, from an industry standpoint, I kind of look at it as, it's another derivative that's being built for ethylene. So I think that's directionally good. For our company, we would see a terminal like that as being opportunistic. And we might engage through the stock market to do some of that. Today, I don't know that we would participate on a structural basis in something like that. Our focus is on supplying some of our strategic ethylene customers here in the U.S. and directionally building out more polyethylene capacity.
Bob Patel: Yes. So on the compounding, our focus has been in auto, in polypropylene compounding and generally, the direction is for lightweighting of vehicles. And we sit with OEMs and we discuss what's possible. And that's been our focus. And if you think about it, we are able to then develop polypropylene and catalysts that enable the compounds which lightweight vehicles. So that's our focus. I do think, to your point, that that methodology can translate to other segments and our capability is certainly there.
Bob Patel: All right. Well, thank you, again, for all the great questions. Let me offer a few closing remarks. I hope what you see today is that our strategy and approach remains focused and consistent. Markets are tighter than we anticipated as we enter 2018 in a good position to accommodate the capacity additions across our industry. At LyondellBasell, our focus is, first and foremost, on safe, reliable, cost efficient operations. That earns our position as a supplier of choice for our customers for today and tomorrow. We are building out our organic growth pipeline, as I described. We are targeting multiple value chains. And our next investment will start up in the middle of next year in 2018. We are working diligently to pursue value driven growth for you, our owners. So thank you very much for your interest and we look forward talking to you again soon.
Thomas Aebischer: Thank you Bob and good morning to all of you. Please turn to slide eight which shows our fourth quarter and full year segment results. I am pleased to report that our Olefins & Polyolefins Europe, Asia and International segment achieved the fourth consecutive year of record EBITDA. In 2017, we show an EBITDA improvement in four of our five segments. These results will be reviewed in detail during the segment discussion. As mentioned by Bob, fourth quarter results include an $819 million one-time, non-cash tax benefit related to the passage of U.S. tax reform in December. This benefited fourth quarter results by $2.07 per share and full year results by $2.05 per share. Full year 2017 results also include a $106 million after-tax charge due to bond refinancing and the $103 million after-tax gain from the sale of our interest in the Geosel pipeline and storage system in France. Please turn to slide nine which provides a picture of our cash generation and use. During 2017, we continued strong cash generation with $5.2 billion of cash from operating activities. Our capital spending was lower than anticipated for the year due to later timing for the final investment decision for our PO/TBA plant and the classification of certain project related spending as intangible. During the first quarter of 2017, we took advantage of favorable markets and refinanced $1 billion of 5% notes due in 2019 with an equivalent amount of 3.5% bonds due in 2027. With this transaction, we also derisked refinancing risks in 2019. In the third quarter, Standard & Poor's raised LyondellBasell's senior unsecured debt to BBB+ from BBB. Our strong cash flow allows us to finish 2017 with a cash and liquid investment balance of approximately $3.4 billion, approximately $1 billion higher than the year. Turning to slide 10, let's look at the evolution of our cash deployment over time. Our strong cash generation has allowed us fund both value creating growth project and returns to shareholders. Over the past five years, we have funded $8.3 billion of capital investments. Approximately 45% of this investment was allocated to profit generating growth projects. We have returned $22.9 billion through dividends and share repurchases over the past five years. We implemented our ninth dividend increase to $0.90 per share in the second quarter. Since the inception of our share repurchase program, we have repurchased approximately 189 million shares or approximately 33% of the initial shares outstanding. At the end of 2017, we had repurchased approximately 6.5 million shares or 16% of the current 18 months share repurchase authorization that started in May 2017. On slide 11, I would like to describe our current understanding of how U.S. tax reform will benefit LyondellBasell. We have already mentioned the $819 million non-cash benefit for 2017. This benefit arises from the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities after new lower corporate tax rate. While this is a provisional estimate based on our current best understanding of the legislation, we do not anticipate any material adjustments over the coming year. In the middle chart, you will note that a substantial portion of our global income is earned in the U.S. As a result, in 2018 we expect our global effective tax rate will be approximately 21%. We do not expect any material impact from deemed repatriation, interest deductibility limit or the base erosion provision. As we do every year, I would like to address some of your 2018 modeling questions. Regarding capital, we are currently planning to spend approximately $2.4 billion during 2018. This spending level advances both our base maintenance and growth program. Approximately 55% is targeted toward profit generating growth. The majority of this growth investment in 2018 will be dedicated to the new Hyperzone polyethylene plant and the PO/TBA plant. Although not all plants are finalized, we estimate capital spending to average $3 billion annually through 2022. Approximately 65% is targeted towards profit generating growth. The largest individual growth project in this period is, as we have talked about, PO/TBA plant for which we obtained final investment decision in the first-half of 2017. Our net cash interest expense for 2018 is expected to be approximately $375 million. 2018 annual book depreciation and amortization should be approximately $1.2 billion. We plan to make regular pension contributions in 2018 that total approximately $110 million and we estimate the pension expense of approximately $65 million. As I a mentioned before, we currently expect the 2018 effective tax rate of approximately 21%., the cash tax rate is expected to be higher for 2018 due to payments covering higher non-U.S. income in prior years. With this, I will now turn the call back to Bob for a discussion of our segment results in more detail. Thank you very much.
Thomas Aebischer: Thank you, Bob. So we finished the year, obviously, very strong. We had a strong quarter. We had real strong cash generation in the fourth quarter. And as I have mentioned, the balance is $3.4 billion of cash, which actually is also very well balanced when you look at it from a business perspective. We have about 44% of our cash in Euro and 49% in U.S. dollars and very equivalent of how we are actually running the business. So we are very deliberate how we manage that position. In terms of your question on share buybacks, as Bob has mentioned it, that we have an existing program. In May 2017, we approved another 10% of share buybacks. Out of that program in 2017, we have bought back about 16% of that particular program. The intention clearly is in our next AGM to get an approval of an additional 10%. So having said all this, you also saw that in the fourth quarter, we have not had any shares purchased. But that's mainly related to the strategy. We have 10b5-1. You know how the process works. We are opportunistic and buy back opportunistically our shares. We commit on that 10b5-1 to a grid. The share price traded throughout the fourth quarter outside of that grid. That's virtually, in a nutshell, the explanation. But we are committed that this is one of the cash allocation strategic positions.
Thomas Aebischer: Thanks for the question on the tax rate. So the cash tax rate, as I have said in my prepared remarks, for 2018, we expect, if you start with an ETR of 21%, the guidance we have given, the rate from that guidance of 21% will be effective tax rate on the cash tax rate we are expecting somewhere in the area of three to five percentage points higher cash tax rate. The reason why this has mainly to do with taxes into some of the European countries, especially Germany, now where we pay actual taxes now in 2018 taxes for years of 2015, 2016 and also 2017. So that's the main driver for the higher tax rate. Obviously, your question is absolutely correct. Now looking to future years, 2019 and the years beyond that, we expect the cash tax rate to be clearly below the 21%. So 2018 is an exceptional year due to the reasons I have explained and in 2019 and years thereafter, cash tax rate below the 21% of ETR. And on the pension charge, yes, that's correct. So we had a pension charge in December of 2017, also related to Germany, the reason for that charge was it's a multi-employer pension plan. And we had some of it is due to reduction of the discount rate that impacted it. And we also had pension settlement charges where we took advantage from lump-sum payments in 2016 and you have mentioned that correct amount too.
Thomas Aebischer: Yes. Bob, I think you have to consider that the recycling industry in China took nearly a decade to build up. And so that won't happen overnight somewhere else. Thanks.
