David Kinney: Thank you, operator. Hello and welcome to LyondellBasell’s fourth quarter 2021 teleconference. I am joined today by Ken Lane, our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Michael McMurray, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin the discussion, I would like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today’s call and is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com/investorrelations. Today, we will be discussing our business results while making reference to some forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions and the alternative measures are useful to investors. Nonetheless, the forward-looking statements are subject to significant risk and uncertainty. We encourage you to learn more about the factors that could lead our actual results to differ by reviewing the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our regulatory filings, which are also available on our Investor Relations website. Additional documents on our Investor website provide reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with other disclosures, including the earnings release and our business results discussion. A recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 1 p.m. Eastern Time today until February 28 by calling 877-660-6853 in the United States and 201-612-7415 outside the United States. The access code for both numbers is 13725132. During today’s call, we will focus on fourth quarter and full year 2021 results, the current environment and our near-term outlook. Before turning the call over to Ken, I would like to call your attention to the non-cash lower of cost or market inventory adjustments, or LCM, that we have discussed on past calls. These adjustments are related to our use of last in, first out, or LIFO, accounting and the volatility in prices for our raw material and finished goods inventories. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized a non-cash impairment of $624 million that reflected our ongoing evaluation of strategic options for the Houston refinery. Comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results, excluding the impacts of the refinery impairment and the LCM inventory adjustments. With that being said, I would now like to turn the call over to Ken.
David Kinney: And I would just add, I would caution – this is Dave, Frank. I would just caution that you shouldn’t just add back that $400 million because margins really inflated on our downtime. So, that’s why we have been hesitant to try to quantify the unplanned downtime from last year because there is a chicken-and-egg effect between margins and volume.
David Kinney: And Duffy, just for numbers, this is our sixth PO/TBA plant that we have built. So, good experience with it, definitely not number one.
David Kinney: Yes. In Asia, it’s really tight, Sean. I mean the spread between naphtha and polyethylene is like $200, $300 per ton. That’s a historic lows. It just can’t stay there. So, oil is going to pressure polyethylene prices upwards in Asia, and that’s good for us.
Ken Lane: Thank you, Michael. So let me summarize the year’s highlights and our outlook with Slide 19. In 2021, LyondellBasell maintained our disciplined focus on safety, operational excellence and reliability to maximize returns during a year of exceptional markets. Our 2021 results were 15% above prior benchmarks and are indicative of how LyondellBasell’s profitability is stepping up from prior levels. Many of our growth investments are providing returns today with further contributions expected over the next several years. In 2022, we will expand our propylene oxide capacity by 50% with the start of two new plants in China and Texas. We are improving the performance of our Hyperzone polyethylene technology to deliver enhanced product performance for our customers. As supply chains normalize and automotive production begins to catch up with high consumer demand, we anticipate higher volumes and earnings from our APS segment. Also, improving markets for fuels bodes well for our Oxyfuels and Refining businesses. Our disciplined approach carries through to our capital allocation strategy. We’re providing shareholders with increasing returns from higher dividends and the resumption of share repurchases. In 2021, we de-leveraged our balance sheet and demonstrated our commitment to a strong investment-grade credit rating. With our strong credit metrics, we have no near-term need for further de-leveraging. In 2022, about 40% of our capital expenditures will be allocated toward profit-generating projects, including our new propylene oxide facility in Texas. The rapidly growing market for more sustainable plastics represents one of the greatest opportunities that lies ahead for LyondellBasell. We have launched our Circulen brand, and we’re committed to producing and marketing at least 2 million tons of circular and renewable-based polymers by 2030. At the same time, we will reduce our greenhouse gas emissions in line with our commitment to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050. At LyondellBasell, we believe our work in sustainability is both good for our planet and good for our business. In summary, we will continue to execute on our disciplined approach and build on the strong momentum to deliver sustainable value for all of our stakeholders. We’re now pleased to take your questions.
Ken Lane: Sure, Bob. Thank you for your question. Like I said previously, there is no change to our capital allocation strategy. And what I’ll do is just ask Michael to talk a little bit more about the options going forward, and then maybe I’ll come back and talk about Sasol after that.
Ken Lane: Yes, Bob. So for Sasol, we’ve commented before that it’s our desire and intent to own the other half of that joint venture. We’re very happy with the partnership. It obviously performed very well in 2021. But of course, there is a buyer and a seller, and our mutual interests are going to have to be aligned in order to be able to come to a conclusion on the transaction. So timing is a little bit hard to predict. But I would still say that it is going to be in the midterm.
Ken Lane: And just in terms of the cost pressure in Europe, yes, we saw really an unprecedented spike in energy costs in Europe in the fourth quarter. And we started taking action then to be able to give us a little bit of insulation from that and started to move some surcharges into the market to be able to share some of that burden. So that is going to help us in the first quarter offset some of that. But the cost pressures that we saw in Europe are obviously going to be continuing as you look at the energy prices where they are today. But we’re doing what we can to offset where possible.
Ken Lane: Sure. Thank you for the question, Mike. Look, we continue to see strong demand for polymers, and we expect that to continue in 2022. As markets recover from the pandemic, and especially the largest market in China and the supply chain constraints are worked through, we do expect that the market growth is going to be able to absorb a lot of the new capacity that’s coming online. We still expect to see effective operating rates for polyethylene at greater than 90%, and that’s obviously going to be supportive of margins going forward. We did see a downward trend in the prices in the fourth quarter, but we are seeing pricing find a floor. And as we come into the seasonally higher demand of the second quarter, I do expect that there is going to be good support for price increases going forward. We’re already seeing spot pricing increasing pretty much in all regions, which is a good indicator. And remember as well, just going back to volume, December was the second-strongest demand month of 2021, which is pretty unusual when you look at historical demand patterns. With that and the combined impact of all of the downtime that we’re expecting to see on both sides of the Atlantic and the U.S. and Europe, we’re going to see markets continue to be tight, and we expect that to be supportive for pricing going forward.
Ken Lane: Hi Arun, thank you for the question. Well, listen, like I had said before, I really do believe that with the robust demand that we are seeing in the markets and the pent-up demand that is still in the market yet to come. We saw in the second half of the year last year the largest market in China weakening in the second half of the year as they were approaching the Olympics and trying to keep the pandemic under control. There is a lot of demand that I believe is still yet to come back, and we are going to see that, I believe sometime in the middle of the year in the spring. And so that is going to be supportive overall. I don’t think that this is related just to feedstock. It really is that demand is strong and supply is tighter than probably most people would expect. For polypropylene, certainly, we are optimistic for polypropylene this year where our portfolio is about 15% or so exposed to automotive. And that market is going to come back this year and that’s also going to be supportive for polypropylene as we move forward in the year.
Ken Lane: Yes. Frank, good to hear from you as well. Thank you for the question. So look, in 2021, obviously, the biggest impact in terms of unplanned outage was Winter Storm Uri, which we don’t expect that to recur obviously in 2022. So, that had an impact of $400 million to $500 million. So, that was one that is I guess the most material as you would call it. Then we had some other downtime in acetyls as well as at our La Porte olefins cracker. So net-net, that downtime last year was very high relative to history, the unplanned downtime. We certainly don’t expect to see that level of downtime this year. Now if you look at the planned outages, the net impact of the planned outages from ‘21 to ‘22, it’s going to be about a $50 million headwind because we are going to have a little bit higher planned downtime this year.
Ken Lane: So look, thank you, Chris, for the question. We have been – in the last couple of years, we have been implementing several growth projects, including new joint ventures in China and the U.S. We are always looking for opportunities that provide good returns to the company and especially in our core businesses. And we will continue to do that, especially to look for opportunities through the cycle. And right now, there is not anything that I can say specifically. We have talked about the Sasol opportunity, but there is really nothing more that I can comment on at this time.
Ken Lane: Sure, Kevin. Thank you for the question. Yes, we have set some ambitious targets for circularity, and it’s our intent to be a leader in the circular plastics space. We do see this market developing rapidly, and it’s an exciting area of growth that fits really well with our capabilities. So, it’s going to be a clear focus for us. Both mechanical and advanced recycling are going to be areas that we are concentrating on as well as renewable products. As you know, we have mentioned previously that we are developing our own technology for advanced recycling called MoReTec. And we expect really to be able to assess the extent of that technology’s advantage here in the next few months. Following that, we will be deciding on an initial commercial investment that should be completed around the middle of the decade. At the same time, we are looking at other paths to be able to reach that volume target. And we will be doing things like buying recycled and renewable feedstocks that we can track in our existing assets. And that of course, requires little or really no capital investment. So, all of these things are going to be levers that we are going to be pulling, working very closely with our customers and innovating with them on applications that we can roll out over time.
Ken Lane: Thank you for the question, Duffy. Look, the technology that we are building, the PO/TBA technology that we are building, is the most competitive in the world. So, I do want to just make sure we point that out. We are very confident in the technology. It’s a technology that we operate today. It’s a very large and complex plant, as you can imagine. So, I am not going to say that there is no risk. But from a technology standpoint, I really don’t see a risk. Then to your question just around the ramp up, we will be ramping up beginning next year. And we see very good demand, and our teams are making very good progress on contracting the volume from that asset. I can tell you as well for the plant in China, the markets are very good there. And the growth in polyurethane is going to be able to absorb this new capacity that we are bringing on stream. In terms of the EBITDA impact, I would say, yes, for modeling purposes, you should be expecting the EBITDA contribution to be similar to what we have seen in the past.
Ken Lane: Good morning Hassan. Thanks again for the question. Listen, if you look historically, years following when we have not seen good global growth, especially coming out of a year like we did with 2020, you can see double-digit growth rates even in China. And those types of growth years do typically occur once we see a snapback. And they are hard to predict, but they have occurred in the past. So, you can never bank on that. But my expectation is that the 8 million tons, there will be a combination of things that you see. All of the capacity is not going to be coming online exactly as we expect. Everybody understands that there are some constraints in China around that, especially with the dual control limitations. But the demand is going to come back and we have seen that in the past. So, a combination of some slower ramp-up of the capacity coming on, stronger demand, I certainly don’t see a cliff in the second half of the year. I see it completely the opposite to that right now, but that’s our view going forward.
Ken Lane: Thank you, P.J. Good morning. Yes, so there is a shortage of hexane in the market. And that combined with downtime at some of the linear low plants both in the U.S. and in Europe, has tightened that market pretty significantly. Now I will tell you that we are not having any constraints on hexane with our linear low business. So, that’s good news. But for the industry, yes, there is tightness in that market, and I expect that that’s going to continue in the short-term. Now going back to your question around our targets for Scope 1 and Scope 2 reductions that we have announced, in the next few years, we will be able to accommodate all of the things that we are looking at with our $2 billion capital spending. Our focus really in the next few years is going to be capturing the low-hanging fruit, really to make the first significant steps in the process of ramping up to the target in 2030. And that’s going to include things like improved energy efficiency and some emission-reduction programs at our sites that really require little or no investment. Another low-capital enabler for our carbon-reduction targets is also going to be the increased utilization of renewable energy. So, we expect that within the next few years, the amount of capital that we have guided to, the $2 billion is going to be adequate for us to be able to get started on meeting these commitments. And then we will be identifying projects and developing detailed plans to achieve the full target in the second half of the decade. And that’s likely to result in some increased capital, but we will have more to communicate on that later.
Ken Lane: Sure, David. I will start and then I will hand it over to Michael, let him comment a little bit. Oxyfuels, we had – especially in the fourth quarter, we had lower volumes, we had significantly lower volumes and margin challenges with butane feedstock prices running up. We are seeing that improving coming into the first quarter. So, we will see the volumes coming back and some relief with the butane feedstock pricing. Michael, I don’t know if you want to add something to that.
Ken Lane: Sure. Hi Sean. We definitely see going forward the oil-to-gas ratio being favorable for our position in the U.S. markets. The high oil prices is certainly going to continue to pressure margins in Asia and Europe. But overall, net-net, we are expecting to see a continued favorable oil to gas ratio.
Ken Lane: Good morning Matthew. Thanks for your question. Well, listen, ethane inventories are still healthy and production is improving, especially in the Permian and the Bakken. So, even with the new crackers coming online, there is still excess ethane that’s being rejected. And as production recovers and natural gas prices normalize, I do expect that ethane is going to remain the preferred feedstock. I will just add, too, that ethane rejection has only decreased slightly and still is about 800,000 barrels a day. And with the recovery having increased, there is really plenty of supply available.
Ken Lane: Okay. So listen, thank you again for all the thoughtful questions. Just before we close, I want to emphasize that our strategy remains unchanged. We have got great momentum, and we are going to continue focusing on safety, operational excellence as well as our disciplined approach to capital allocation. So, thank you very much for your interest in LyondellBasell. And we look forward to updating you on the progress at the end of April. Have a great weekend and stay safe.
Michael McMurray: Perfect. Good morning, Bob. I mean a couple of things that I’d say. I think first and foremost, I’d say really good execution by the team in 2021 in converting EBITDA into free cash flow. It was a record year of cash generation both from an operating cash perspective, but also from a free cash flow perspective as well. And we also de-levered the balance sheet by $4 billion last year, which I think is pretty impressive. And then on top of that last year, we returned $2 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. So as we look forward, we’re expecting another year of strong cash generation. The balance sheet is in great shape, so there is no need to do any further de-levering. Our growth investments are paying dividends, which is good news. Working capital this year should be a source of free cash flow. Last year, it consumed a significant amount of free cash flow. And then CapEx is largely flat year-on-year. It’s our expectation with our current outlook that we will responsibly grow the dividend. As you saw in the fourth quarter and also in the third quarter of last year, buybacks are in the mix. So we restarted buybacks in September of ‘21. And when we see value, we will continue to buy our shares. And from an M&A perspective, you can expect that LyondellBasell is going to continue to operate in a very, very disciplined way. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Ken to give a few comments about Sasol.
Michael McMurray: Hi. Good morning, Jeff, I’ll take the first question, and I’ll let Ken take the second one. So we ended the year with about $1.5 billion of cash on sheet. I think you heard me just say in my previous answer that we will grow the dividend responsibly. We will buy our shares when we see value. That said, as we move throughout the year, it’s possible that we could build a little bit of additional cash on sheet.
Michael McMurray: Sure. Hi John. So listen, the technology business had a great year overall. So, record EBITDA, all-time high licensing revenue and catalyst volumes, primarily driven by Asia. You are right. So, Q4 did exceed even our expectations. There were a number of licenses that we are expecting to book in the first quarter that got done in the fourth quarter. So, you shouldn’t expect that trend to continue. And it’s kind of our expectation that the first quarter of this year should look a lot like the first quarter of last year. But it is a great business. It’s kind of like a razor-blade business, right. So, you sell licenses and then you continue to sell catalysts for a long, long time at great profits.
Michael McMurray: No. I mean maybe just a couple of other comments around the I&D business for the quarter and around oxyfuels. So, don’t forget in the quarter itself, there was a $95 million LIFO charge, which obviously will not be there in the first quarter of this year. And then maybe to put some numbers around kind of the feedstock drag in the quarter within oxyfuels, it was about $85 million. So, it was pretty significant related to butane. And as Ken said, butane prices have already started to ease off. And it’s our expectation as we move through the year that, that’s going to continue. And then maybe one other thing I would just point out about this business. I mean this business is kind of the comonomer or kind of mail person of chemical businesses. It has a long track record, if you look back over the last decade, of earning kind of $400 million-plus EBITDA. So, go back and look over the last 10 years, we are confident it’s going to get back to its historic earning power.
