Bob Patel: Good morning. Thank you for joining our earnings call. As Doug mentioned, a set of presentation slides accompanying this call and is available on our website. Let’s take a look at slide four and review a few financial highlights. First quarter earnings per share were $2.54, but EBITDA of $2.04 billion, excluding a $92 million lower of cost or market inventory adjustment. This quarter the EPS figure is a new high for LyondellBasell and our EBITDA has now averaged approximately $2 billion in each of the last four quarters. This can be seen in the lower left chart. Strong operational and business performance coupled with share repurchases contributed to a quarterly diluted earnings per share increase of $0.82 per share since the first quarter of last year. Over this one year period, our outstanding share count was reduced by 58 million shares or 11%. At the end of March, we had 475 million shares outstanding and as of the 22nd of April approximately 473 shares are outstanding. Overall, our business portfolio has continued to perform well, margins and volumes have been good leading to consistent strong results. Our revenues have declined since product prices have followed crude oil price declines. Ultimately, in our business, profitability and cash generation are more important metrics and both have been strong. The sustained strength of LyondellBasell’s profitability over the past year in this volatile crude oil environment can be attributed to a combination of items which have helped offset the impact of lower product prices related to the decline in crude oil. First, tightness in the global ethylene and polyethylene supply and demand balances help support product prices. This has been driven in part by planned and unplanned industry downtime, which is persistent into the early weeks of April. Coupled with our solid operations, our O&P segments have benefited from these favorable balances. Additionally, our O&P and I&D segments have benefited from lower U.S. natural gas and NGL prices, which have lowered our production costs. In Refining, increased availability of Canadian crude oil and improving ratio of byproduct pricing to crude oil have benefited the Refining segment. First, we are also benefiting from the ethylene and polyethylene expansions that we completed last year, and our share repurchase program and resulting lower share count having a material effect in raising earnings per share. On slide five, you will note that our safety performance continues to be very good and is showing some improvement when compared with 2014. While we are proud of these results, we certainly not satisfied until we reach perfection in this area. Please turn to slide six and our first quarter and last 12 months EBITDA results. Within the segments, the O&P-Americas first quarter EBITDA was just shy of $1.1 billion. Olefin prices declined with lower global crude oil prices. However, polyolefin in change margins did not fall as much. In O&P-EAI, EBITDA exceeded $350 million. As in the Americas segment olefin prices and margins declined, while polyolefin results improved. In the Intermediates and Derivatives, EBITDA exceeded $375 million, Ethylene oxide and derivatives continued to demonstrate steady performance, methanol results declined due to scheduled first quarter maintenance. During the first quarter, Refining posted EBITDA of $154 million, a highest quarter in more than two years. Crude oil throughput was down but margins increased. Our Technology segment continued to enjoy consistent strong earnings. I will now turn the call over to Karyn for our summary of cash flow.
Bob Patel: Market conditions are very strong, as I mentioned in the previous earnings call. Generally, we see seasonal improvement in our demand going in Q2. So if you look back in time, Q2 tends to be one of our stronger quarters in terms of demand. As we sit here today, supply-demand balances are well balanced and any small outages have caused tightness or even shortage in regional market. So my sense is that volumes will remain strong in U.S. and Europe in April, May and June. Small outages or regional outages can cause local disruptions. We are at that point on the operating rate curve where markets are -- supply and demand are well balanced.
Bob Patel: Generally, Arun in I&D, the seasonality comes from oxyfuels where we benefit from butane is becoming relatively less expensive in the summer months and the blend season kicks in. So, I expect that oxyfuel results should improve as they do each year seasonally in Q2. For the rest of the year, we expect very good demand for all of our products in the I&D business.
Bob Patel: In the case of Asia, supply and demand balances are tight. And then as you rightly note, there were lot of outages in Q1. From what we see in the IHS information, the planned outages are actually going to be higher in Q2 compared to Q1. So, I would expect that in a rising oil environment, the restocking plus seasonal demand increase should be positive for products sales into Asia. And I think that should tighten the global supply demand balance, especially for polyethylene.
Bob Patel: Thanks, P.J. Well, I think it’s a little early to make that call, because we really haven’t seen the labor rate stabilize yet. Perhaps it’s safe to say that the rate of increase in labor rates has not been as much as what we’ve experienced. We will continue to evaluate that, but as you know, we have a lot of projects still in front of us that we need to execute in terms of the bottlenecks. We remain focused on those as those are low costs, high return and they will be well ahead of the first class routes capacity that will come out. So we will evaluate as we continue to evolve our strategy, but at this point, we remain committed and focused on executing what we have in front of us and then we will see how labor markets evolve.
Bob Patel: Well, in terms of supply demand balance, we see still an abundance of ethane. They are somewhere 300,000 and 400,000 barrels per day of ethane being rejected today. So that’s a significant amount and could supply several world scale crackers that will be built in the U.S. In terms of the near-term price dynamics, it seems to me that the ethane has been trading right around its field value and with propane being abundant, propane will be competing to be in the cracker feed slate here in the U.S. So between both of those being well supplied, my sense is that ethane will be closer to its fuel value in the foreseeable future. And with natural gas prices at $2.50 coming in the December months, I expect that ethane prices should be where they are today.
Bob Patel: Our focus David has been on share repurchase as a means of deploying our free cash flow. That’s really the benchmark that we compare acquisitions to. We will continue to develop our strategy with our Board and we will look at different alternatives, but frankly we have to think about why -- what are we trying to sell for. It is an acquisition for the sake of growth or to become bigger not necessary as we are already a very large company with the global footprint. We have incredible scale and we will show you that next week at Investor Day. So we are in a great spot. We don’t have to do something in terms of an acquisition today. We will evaluate different options of our strategy with our Board and in the meantime continue to focus on delivering on our CapEx that we in front of us and continue our share repurchase program as we have outlined.
Bob Patel: Yes. I think in polypropylene in both regions, demand is growing at a reasonable rate. There is some restocking that probably occurred in Q1 and some destocking on our side. So if you think about an inventory in the value chain, I am not sure that has increased significantly. It’s probably shifted a little more downstream. Having said that, I don’t think inventory downstream is on the high side, it’s probably about right going into a seasonal uptick in Q2. So could we experience 16% growth quarter-after-quarter probably not. There are some timing effects here. But I do see demand being very strong globally. And Q2, as I mentioned earlier, tends to be our stronger quarter in terms of volume.
Bob Patel: Well, we have many options in front of us. This is one of the topics that we will discuss next week at Investor Day, but briefly the options we have in front of us are merchant sales which there is still plenty of opportunities out there, a new polyethylene plant, or we could build another metathesis plant to make propylene. So we continue to evaluate that and we will discuss a little more in detail next week at Investor Day how we think about those options, but we think we have a solid options ahead of us and the bottleneck projects have very good returns.
Bob Patel: European operating rates have been strong and in my view will be strong going into Q2. Vincent, there is a couple of things that are going on in Europe and I think are benefiting the operations there. One is the weaker euro is improving export competitiveness of our customers as the end users of our products. And we are seeing less imports because of the weaker euro. So more and more of what we are seeing is competitiveness of polyethylene or polypropylene exports as well as finished goods. The other is of course lower oil price makes Europe competitive on the global cost curve. So my sense is that we are going to run at full capacity for the foreseeable future Q2 and Q3. I don’t expect that to change.
Bob Patel: Well, I think longer-term as some of the larger green field capacity comes online that product will be exported on the increment to either Asia or to South America. And so the margins in the U.S. will largely depend on the crude to gas ratio and cost of production in destination markets like China. And so my sense is that just like the Middle East and years ago built out their capacity to export, will the U.S. will fulfill ethylene derivative demand growth in the coming years. And so I think the margins will still be good and in the sense the U.S. advantage is present today and could get better as the crude to gas ratio increases again.
Bob Patel: Well, I think, there is sufficient supply of ethane here on the Gulf Coast already. And as those crackers get built out, I would imagine that some of the lines that we are going south to north will be reversed and will get more ethane from the north.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Don, not necessarily that that 20% is the max and we have more flexibility within that. It’s just a question of economic and optimization, and how we run our crackers week to week, but we have flexibility. And remember we also crack some liquid feed stocks down in Corpus Christi. So its not just ethane and propane, we kind of crack full range.
Bob Patel: Well, I’ll speak to markets rather than price and I would say that, the supply demand is very firm today. And so there is market underpinning or what you see -- and so we’ll just have you see how the quarter develops. But I’m very bullish about demand for Q2. I think demand for Q2 will be very good as it is seasonal.
Bob Patel: Sure. Thanks for the question, John. Well, propylene is one of those molecules that when its get long, the sources of production tend to adjust. So, for example, when propylene values fall, generally you crack less propane, you crack more ethane. For us we have the flexibility to run the metathesis unit or not to run the metathesis unit. We’ll certainly evaluate that as we think about investment. I know that IAHS has a view on propane. To propylene, the PDH plants when they come on. But remember as propane balances become narrower and propane price could rise and therefore, propylene from propane could become more expensive. So there are a lot of factors that impact the propylene price and it is very dynamic. So before we make an investment, certainly we would think through all of those factors.
Bob Patel: I think if there’s a lot of propane consumption, propane could rise. And remember propane can be exported as well in a much larger quantities that ethane can. So we’ll just have to see how those supply-demand balances develop over the longer term. It all just depends on the timeframe.
Bob Patel: Kevin, our exports have increased a little. But we -- as we’ve mentioned in the past calls, we tend to export a little bit less than the industry average. And generally, we have longer-term sales contracts going to South America rather than Asia. So our focus is less on Asia when it comes to exports. I do think that the industry has exported a bit more, I’ve seen that in some of the data that’s been published but for us it’s not significant in terms of the increase.
Bob Patel: It’s the combination of the two, Kevin. We did run the metathesis unit most of the quarter. That contributed to most of the propylene production increase. And then some of that was a bit more [Technical Difficulty] propane.
Bob Patel: Good morning, Frank. For us I think what’s what we’ve seen develop over the quarter is that the market is a lot stronger that we expected and supply demand are much more balanced, some of these outages that we didn't predict. Our sense is that we are really realizing markets where operating rates are in that 90%, 92% range and when there are outages, it causes some margin expansion. And of course, I think prices come off a bit during the period. Our share repurchases have benefited us as well. There are a lot of factors. And we ran well as we are known to do. So not necessarily surprises, but I would say just more confirmation that we have a fairly strong market environment.
Bob Patel: Yes. Actually, it’s just because of the way the margins evolve in the methanol business during the quarter versus our prior estimate. And then on the PO/SM unit it’s based on what we know today in terms of margins. But we’ve largely prepared and mitigated most of the impact of that PO/SM outage. And by the way methanol plant is running very well and at nameplate capacity. So the team at Channelview did a really nice job in conducting the maintenance, getting it back up and delivering on what they had intended.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Good morning Nils. No, we are not running these units at above benchmark. We are not pushing them beyond their capability. And as we’ve mentioned in past calls, we’ve been very diligent in doing our turnarounds at the prescribed cycles and so on. So I would say that our discipline around maintenance and around how we manage our operations allows us to run at our nameplate capacity. But we're not pushing beyond that necessarily. We don’t want to go beyond the capability of the plant for near-term gain, that’s not our philosophy so. And we’ll continue to run within the capability of each of our units.
Bob Patel: No, I haven’t heard any significant trend there. It could be that one or two have a bit more. But going into Q2, a bit more inventory shouldn't concern anybody because generally demand is very good. So my sense is inventory is kind of at par in the value chain. I don't think it’s very high or very low frankly.
Bob Patel: Jeff, that's one of the topics we were going to cover at Investor Day next week. So, we’ll provide our analysis and how we think about it and we'll discuss next week at Investor Day.
Bob Patel: So, I think markets, they were a lot stronger than we thought they would be a year ago. Demand growth has been very good globally. There have been these unplanned outages recently that we discussed. Natural gas price has drifted down. So if you look at the graph that we had in our earnings report here. While crude oil price dropped and butane and propane dropped as well, ethane dropped. So we’ve seen our cost come off a bit. Our share repurchase program has also helped in terms of EPS, which is the intended purpose of the share repurchase program. And we continued to push reliability and push our units hard. So, I would say if there's one thing that I could point too to that’s perhaps a bit different is that supply-demand is just much stronger. And so price declines on products have not been at the same pace as the oil price might indicate.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So in the case of polyethylene, if you just look at IHS data, it’s even beyond our catalyst business. And supply growth is going to be somewhere in the 3% to 4% range annually. Demand grows at above that same pace. So our sense is based on what's been announced and the likelihood of some of the projects being pushed a year or two based on recent announcements. Our sense is that new supply will meet incremental new demand and that we could have a period of relatively high operating rates. And we’ll show that next week when we have our Investor Day, our own view and IHS’ view on operating rates.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So in Europe, I think there were three factors. One was restocking. The other was just higher demand from our customers because of their export competitiveness, especially in film. Out of this film is where we see that the most. And then, yes, we did displace some of our customer sales when they had issues. And we also had a little bit of an issue at Münchsmünster, which we resolved. So it’s a combination of factors. My sense is that the European market is going to be pretty strong here in the foreseeable quarter or two. And then we'll have the typical seasonality in Q4, barring any sort of economic issue.
Bob Patel: In the case of our expansion, Bob, we still have quite a bit in front of us in terms of the debottlenecks. We really evaluate as we do many other alternatives, green field type project, that completes with share repurchase program and other projects. So we’ll evaluate that. I know I wouldn’t say that we would never do it. It is one of the options, and so we will just continue to think through that. In terms of ethane and maybe incremental increase because of ethane coming north to south, it’s possible. But even if that increase were do occur, when you think about it on a global basis, ethane will still be advantaged compared to polyethane production in China based on naphtha. So my sense is that the ethane advantage and the U.S position on the global cost curve will largely be what we think it is today. There will be plenty of ethane and supply of this new expansion that are planned. And in the case of Shintech and Total, the timing of those were already essentially in the middle of the 2015. So I expect there are going to be towards the end of this wave of capacity that’s been announced.
Bob Patel: And Laurence to answer to your question about brown field, potential brown field expansions, I think a lot of the debottlenecks sort of opportunities have been harvested because of the advantage that existed over the last two, three years. So, well, we might find some more, other companies might find some more. I would imagine that most of what was possible has already been harvested.
Bob Patel: Okay. Well, then I’ll offer just a couple of comments as we close out the call. Look we had a terrific quarter with strong performance across the entire company. Our focus on safety, operational reliability, commercial agility, and cost discipline, they continued to prove resilient in a volatile crude oil environment. I'm extremely proud of what our team across the world has accomplished and their continued focus on everyday excellence. I think that's really what defines us. We look forward to seeing all of you next week at Investor Day and thanks for your continued interest in our company.
Karyn Ovelmen: Thanks, Bob. Slide seven and eight provide picture of our cash generation and use. During the first quarter, we generated $1.5 billion from our operations and issued $1 billion in 40-year bonds at an interest rate of 4.625%. Our cash and short-term securities balance improved as a result ending the quarter with $3.6 billion or about $600 million more cash and securities than at the end of 2014. Cash used for share repurchases and dividends totaled $1.7 billion during the quarter. During the first quarter we make several annual payments, including Taxes property taxes, customer volume rebates and employee bonuses. Together, these payments totaled approximately $465 million. During the past 12 months, we have generated $6.7 billion in cash from operations, while raising $1 billion from bond issuances and issuing over $4 million in commercial paper. Almost $7.4 billion were used for share repurchases and dividends and another $1.5 billion invested in capital expenditures. Before I wrap up, I want to point a couple of other items that might help your analysis. First, our book tax rate was 27% in line with our previous guidance. Depreciation and amortization was $287 million. However, this includes a non-recurring $35 million impact from amortization of an environmental credit. Thus, the first quarter run rate is below previous guidance. Assuming the euro dollar relationship remains near first quarter levels, we would expect depreciation and amortization to remain near the adjusted first quarter run rate. The final point, I want to discuss is our overall foreign exchange exposure. We have defined some of the pertinent points on slide nine. There are lot of moving parts in our global business but in the end, we believe that the real economic and business exposure to foreign exchange is small relative to the size of our business. Our businesses tend to be global in nature and priced off of crude oil based raw materials. Therefore our products are generally priced in relation to dollars. Of course, we do experience translation impacts in our reported numbers. This quarter the reported translation impact is $45 million as compared with the fourth quarter exchange rate. However, we believe that this was mostly offset within the business and the true economic impact was not significant within our earnings. Along with the nature of the business serving as a foreign exchange buffer, we also hedged our net transaction exposure. When all aspects are considered, we don’t believe that exchange rate had a significant impact on first quarter results. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Bob.
Karyn Ovelmen: We don’t expect any major swings in working through the end of the year. We exclude LCM in some of the Forex. It really were pretty flat on a normalize basis in terms of working capital. And we expect that kind of -- we’ll see some seasonality towards the end of the year, but no significant changes in working capital through the year.
Karyn Ovelmen: Yeah. We are going to -- we’ll continue to on the pace that we are at. We have the second 10% that will be wrapping up here in the May timeframe. And in our next Annual Meeting we have the authorization that we expect to get approval for an additional 10% going forward.
Karyn Ovelmen: Yeah. As far as the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year, it’s pretty much still in line that we are on 27% for an effective tax rate. And then on a cash tax basis, we are lower than that and we are in the 23% range. It’s fairly consistent with prior years. We continued our optimized -- our tax cash structure but we did see a slight, slight uptick here this quarter with larger earnings in the U.S. And you will see that as the mix of earnings for more North America based, you’ll see our rates 10 and 12 depending on what jurisdictions our earnings are at.
