Douglas J. Pike: Well, thank you, Holly. Well, hello, and welcome to LyondellBasell's first quarter 2014 teleconference. And I'm joined today by Jim Gallogly, our CEO; Karyn Ovelmen, our CFO; and Sergey Vasnetsov, our Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Transactions. But before we begin the business discussion, I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com. I'd also like for you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. For more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are available at lyondellbasell.com/investorrelations. Now reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website, at lyondellbasell.com. Now finally, I'd like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today until 11 p.m. Eastern Time on June 2 by calling (888) 566-0499 in the United States and (203) 369-3057 outside the United States. And the pass code for both numbers is 3675. Now during today's call, we'll focus on first quarter results, the current environment and the near-term outlook. That being said, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Douglas J. Pike: Yes. Kevin, this is Doug. I just want to clarify that, that $300 million that Jim stated was not just weather. That was also largely the maintenance, where we had the planning for La Porte. We had our La Porte polyethylene facility and its turnaround. And then we had some weather-related maintenance and some other maintenance in some of the olefins plants. So that really encompasses the whole thing, not just the weather.
Douglas J. Pike: And Bob, there's a little bit of an offset, of course, across the quarter as we raised prices moving across the quarter.
James L. Gallogly: Thank you for joining our earnings call. As Doug mentioned, a set of presentation slides accompanies this call and is available on our website. Let's take a look at Slide #4 and review a few financial highlights. First quarter earnings per share were $1.72, with EBITDA of $1.67 billion. This is the fifth consecutive quarter with EBITDA in excess of $1.5 billion. Strong results continued despite headwinds created by scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, weather-driven raw material cost volatility and shipping delays. Cumulatively, these items impacted the quarter by approximately $300 million but were partially offset by first quarter price increases. We expect some of this impact to be recovered in the coming quarter. Overall, industry trends have remained relatively unchanged, although U.S. natural gas prices have been somewhat elevated following a very cold winter. Oil prices have remained relatively steady and seasonal trends are following their normal course. Our company performed significant maintenance in our U.S. operations in the first quarter. Given strong U.S. margins, this negatively impacted results. However, we also benefited from growth projects that are now online and advanced our new growth projects. I'll discuss these topics later in my remarks. Turning to Slide #5. You'll see that our safety statistics continue at the strong level that we have established over the past several years. While our statistics are very good, I'm saddened to say that during April, a contractor working for a third-party company that manages railcar movements at our Wesseling, Germany, site died in a tragic incident. We are assisting that company in their investigation. Our Wesseling site had achieved 3 million man hours without any injuries just prior to this incident, truly a world-class record. But obviously, we have more work to do. As you have often heard me say, safety is our top priority, so this type of event is very troubling to us. I'd like to now turn the call over to Karyn to discuss our financial performance.
James L. Gallogly: Okay. The first question on the Enterprise ethane export terminal. That's a large project, 240,000 barrels per day. And to say that they'll start up in mid-2016, that's a very aggressive schedule. But I'm sure that they've considered what the construction timing would be. I would first say that's a big vote of confidence in a strong oversupply of Gulf Coast ethane. They stated in the press release that the supply could exceed demand by 700,000 barrels per day by 2020. That's very, very strong. And that's after all of the new crackers are built. So they are very, very bullish. That capacity, as you know, is equivalent to about 3 world-scale crackers and 20% of current supply. So it's a very big and an important announcement. We have been studying whether we could effectively use ethane in our cracking in Europe. And in fact, I had a review with our European team 2 short weeks ago. It just doesn't work for us. When we look at propane, butane cracking, condensate cracking, and it just seems to be so much better for us. I know that INEOS has a project that's announced. But that's, what, 10,000 barrels ramping up to 20,000 barrels per day. I'm having a hard time understanding how that kind of volume could go to Europe. Some of it must be going to Asia. And I wonder if some of that isn't going to be used to spike LNG in a couple of the countries, where they have some lean gas supplies. I know that they haven't contracted all of that volume yet. We're anxious to see further details as that's worked out with Enterprise, how much of that is actually going to move. As you said, it's an aggressive schedule, and we'll see how that develops. But once again, I think the important note is they have a lot of confidence and a very long position in ethane. Otherwise, they wouldn't be making that type of investment. Second, on Westlake MLP, as we reported some time ago, we also studied an MLP. Our tax position on our assets is different than some others. We did go through bankruptcy 4 years ago and had some asset write-downs. And so the tax implications may be different from us. We've looked at it. We continue to look at it. Obviously, the market has reacted very favorably to Westlake's announcement. We'll take a look at all of that and continue our evaluation.
James L. Gallogly: John, that's a new item that we will look at. The asset hasn't been running very long. We just brought it up in December. We'll continue to advance -- ramp up the rates. We're going to do a little bit of unscheduled work in the third quarter on some heating tubes. But otherwise, that thing -- we think we can debottleneck it and get some extra capacity. Margins are holding up reasonably well. And it's definitely adding to our earnings. We'll take a peek at the MLP for that asset as well.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. Well, the first quarter we ran at about 35% of advantaged feedstocks. Typically, in the summer, we can ramp that up. We'll be looking to do that as opportunities present themselves. That segment had a very nice first quarter. Margins were up on falling naphtha prices, and we ran our crackers at 93% capacity, which is outstanding, have been able to move the polymer volumes reasonably well. And of course, our businesses, such as polybutene-1, our compounded businesses performed very nicely as they always do from quarter-to-quarter. So we're pretty proud of the results in Europe. We're definitely differentiating ourselves from our competitors there. And we expect to continue to do that in the future.
James L. Gallogly: Vincent, I don't think it's cost-prohibitive. It depends on where you do it and how you do it. But as you said, we like to do the debottleneck kinds of things, where the capital is naturally cheaper. One of the things I didn't mention in the base part of the call was that despite these cost increases in a couple of our olefins expansions, we're still bringing those on at something in the order of 2/3 of cost of other people's incremental production on a cents per annual pound basis. So they're not only earlier, but they're also quite a bit cheaper. We always look at those cost increases that we're seeing right now could delay some other projects that people are looking at. Their cost would definitely go up based on what we're seeing in labor rates, productivity, other kinds of costs like that. But we're going to be very sensitive as we do our economics and make sure that those additional capital projects do make sense. And as we put the engineering together, we will start announcing those.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. It was both of those things. It's -- we can run some of those crackers lighter than we do today. But generally, that's 20%, maybe 25% on some of those furnaces without a fair amount of modifications. They're slightly different than that. Some of its transportation issues because some of our crackers are inland. But frankly, when we looked at propane, butane, some of the condensates, the economics really favored the slightly heavier feedstocks when you looked at all the transportation costs and everything else. It just didn't work very well for us. I was hoping it would.
James L. Gallogly: David, we're same place on M&A as we've always been, it has to be significantly accretive. Nothing has come on to the market that has been of interest to us lately. And as we previously said, we always evaluate all those opportunities as against buying our own shares. And so far, our own shares, in our view, is better value. And obviously, we know the company well and like our prospects.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. As we've mentioned, we're expecting additional volumes to come in, in the second half of the year. Flanagan South is slightly delayed. But we expect still that to be kind of a third quarter event and allow us to ramp up Canadian crudes at a nice discount, which should help our Refining earnings. One of the things that's been happening is obviously the Maya 2-1-1 spread has been pretty decent, fourth quarter, first quarter and now into the second quarter. So with a little better operations, we should be able to have better earnings in that segment.
James L. Gallogly: Don, that primarily had a first quarter impact. We did have to buy about 300 million pounds of ethylene to cover. And as we are in the second quarter, we're now selling that or using it on our own operations. So that should have somewhat of a positive impact in the second quarter, whereas it was a negative in the first.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, that was -- it wasn't just all naphtha, there were some other feedstocks, certain instances, we got slightly lower pricing. But the primary benefit of that is a lot more flexibility because we had basically take-or-pay requirements that would push us to process an awful lot of naphtha, when sometimes we would prefer to crack something different. By lowering the volumes on that, we're now able to bring in some advantaged feeds when available. Some of that is seasonal, some of it is not seasonal and can be done year-round as, for instance, we just showed with first quarter with 35% advantaged feeds.
James L. Gallogly: Well, it really depends on what propane, butane and that is doing in the marketplace. Right now, it's fairly advantaged. But in the summertime, it's historically been even more advantaged. So we'll just have to see how that develops into the year.
James L. Gallogly: It was more of the coker outage impact. It didn't let us process what we wanted to process and really hit the mix of products in the back end. So that was more of the story. And we had said last quarter that we still had some work going on, on that, and that's now been completed.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. We'll get some of that back in the second quarter. But kind of to put that in perspective, a couple hundred million dollars was related to O&P-Americas, and then about another $100 million was related to increased natural gas, oxyfuels shipping delays, couldn't get some cargoes out. And then the coker stuff at the refinery increased natural gas prices.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. That's very important to make sure that, that's clear. I mentioned the La Porte turnaround cost is 40 million pounds of ethylene and a couple of Channelview crackers using another 160 million pounds. And then we talked about weather-related things as well. So all of that is in that total mix, that 200 million [ph].
James L. Gallogly: Yes. If all of that could go to Europe, and my view is, if we're talking about the Enterprise deal, I think that's highly, highly improbable from what I understand the economics looks like and the ability of crackers to even take it.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. There'd have to be a lot of work to accomplish it. And I just don't know how that gets done. Frankly, when we do our economics, it's also much easier to shift polyethylene than ethane. And that's why you see all these cracker announcements versus these kind of projects. There must be more to that story than we're seeing. And that's why we're anxious to hear more. But if your premise were basically right that, that all could go to Europe, it would have a significant impact on coproducts. It'd run up propylene prices, it'd run up butadiene prices, be significant shortages. But all of that stuff goes into our computation when we decide what we're going to crack every day. So I just don't see how that all that capacity could go to Europe.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. There's several companies that like to talk about becoming more specialty-oriented. We're very happy with who we are. We compete very well. We have a commodity mindset in the way that we maintain our cost, the way that we work our debottlenecks in adding cheap capacity. We also believe that very well-run commodity chemical companies perform better across the cycle than specialty. So overall, we're more interested in accretive transactions versus whether they're this type or that type. We're interested in high return on our capital and the deployment of our cash.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. Actually, I think there will be some condensate splitters built. And frankly, we're looking at that as well because we have some opportunity potentially to do that at a very cheap cost. So we think it's a positive development for us instead of a potential negative. Yes, condensate prices could in theory go up. But we expect there to be a lot of condensate available, some out of South Texas already from the Eagle Ford that has a positive impact on us, to the point where we're just not taking any Middle East condensate in our U.S. operations any more. And we expect some additional condensates to come from some of the Northeast fields, particularly the Utica. So we think there's an opportunity for us there for the Corpus at our refinery, and we'll see how that all develops.
James L. Gallogly: Well, so far, we haven't needed to export any naphtha into our European operations. But potentially condensates could move in at the right pricing, although one of those things that's happened is there's been a displacement of foreign imports into United States. Those have been flowing into our European operations. And in fact, in one instance, we just changed a contract from being a U.S. contract to a European contract and moved those cheap condensates in.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. There's a fair amount of capacity that we expect to be down in olefins in the second quarter. Obviously, La Porte is down now, our asset, and we talked about that being an 80-day outage. DuPont has a cracker down. ExxonMobil Beaumont and Baytown will be down. We're hearing about 10% of capacity down. And then with the pipeline looking like it's coming up into Louisiana, we're already seeing spot ethylene move up fairly aggressively. So we think that's all a nice development for margins into the second quarter.
James L. Gallogly: Well, I think the United States and the Middle East assets still are so competitively advantaged. It all gets down to a crude-to-natural gas ratio. And we still very much favor -- like what we see here in the United States and our Middle East assets are also benefiting. But we see that ratio staying high. And that's why you see people like Enterprise making announcements like they did. One thing I should have also said is obviously Europe has a large number of inland crackers. So that's something to consider when you start thinking about the ability to take advantaged feedstocks. There aren't that many coastal crackers with that kind of opportunity.
James L. Gallogly: Those projects are going to be expensive. We're already seeing a lot of pressure. Since we're in the field today, we can see firsthand what's going on. And there's a couple of dynamics. One, labor is definitely going up and the quality of that labor is not what it used to be. And so productivity is going down, and that's at this stage when there's not as much out there to do. We're still in the early phases. So when some of those big projects ramp up, I think it's going to get worse, not better. So I would expect cost to be higher and I expect things to come in a little slower. We'll see what really develops. But I can tell you from our own experience, that's absolutely what we're seeing today.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. So I'd say we have a great balance sheet and we like our growth prospects a lot. So we're making an acquisition of ourselves.
James L. Gallogly: No, I really haven't. That's why I'm a bit anxious to see what's going on with the Enterprise project to see if there are more details on what they're doing. But right now, I don't see that. We'll just have to see how that develops. Frankly, if it's as long as we think, we're still going to get great pricing. And so we're happy to let it all develop like it's going on right now.
James L. Gallogly: Well, I just frankly can't see how all that Enterprise volume goes to Europe. Physically, I just don't know how that happens and how it gets integrated into the crackers over there. And I don't see anybody that would build a new ethane cracker over there with these kind of economics, you'd build it here in the United States immediately and not have that shipping cost. So there's got to be more to their story. I think there must be an Asian dimension that we don't understand yet.
James L. Gallogly: I think we'll know more in a short period of time. But at least in the first EPA announcement on certain of the cellulosic volumes, they were realistic on that. So we hope good judgment prevails.
James L. Gallogly: No, not really. This -- when I say lighter feedstocks don't work, I want to be careful. I said ethane doesn't work. Propane and butane does. Condensates do. Obviously, when we crack lighter like that, we make less propylene, less butadiene. But overall, within our system, we're still a major purchaser of propylene anyway. We're very short. And so that we're buying on the open market. So overall, it's more a question of lightening up somewhat. Last year in the summer, we went quite a bit lighter and in the first quarter, maybe almost 1/3 of the feed. So we'll keep working that, trying to make money.
James L. Gallogly: Well, we're not going to have all the big projects that we do today to expand U.S. olefins. We want those online soon. And that's why we've been racing to get those projects finished. But we'll have another pipeline of projects that come back in that point in time but maybe not as much as we're doing right now.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. What we're seeing is in O&P-Americas, the impact was about $200 million. And then there was $100 million of other items on the rest of the portfolio related to weather, natural gas prices, coker outage, all of those kinds of things.
James L. Gallogly: Okay. Well, thank you very much. We expect a very solid second quarter in U.S. O&P-Americas. As I said, the first quarter was not on our normal pace. We have the La Porte turnaround as a key project and other growth projects moving ahead very rapidly. So we feel very good about U.S. O&P. EAI had a strong first quarter, running at exceptional rates, 93%, way above industry averages. And we think we're performing differentially in Europe compared to our peer groups. I&D had another very solid quarter, performing as expected. And now with methanol online, we have upside in our Refining operations. Margins are good. We just need to run better. So we feel very good about our future. We're investing in our company. We've increased the regular dividend and are buying back our shares. We have a very bright future, and we thank you for your support.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Please turn to Slide #6, which charts first quarter segment EBITDA. As Jim said, overall, our results have been strong and steady. Within the segments, the O&P-Americas results were below the typical run rate of the past years. This is primarily attributed to maintenance and weather impacts. Jim will cover these items in more detail. In addition to these factors, there was an impact from our La Porte turnaround preparation, where during the quarter, we made outside purchases of close to 300 million pounds of ethylene, which negatively impacted results. In O&P-EAI, results exceeded recent quarters. We attribute this to an environmental indemnity settlement, improved margins and normal seasonal recovery following the fourth quarter holidays. In Intermediates & Derivatives, results followed recent trends. Oxyfuel results began the quarter with typical low winter margins, which improved as the quarter progressed. Methanol contributed strong results, while styrene and ethylene glycol weakened. Refining posted a quarter similar to the fourth quarter. Combined, these 2 quarters make up almost all of the last 12 months' earnings for this segment. The Technology segment continued to enjoy consistent strong earnings. Slide #7. Slide 7 provides a picture of our cash generation and use. During the first quarter, we generated $1.1 billion from our operations and issued $1 billion in 30-year bonds at 4.875% interest. Our cash balance declined slightly with cash use of $1.5 billion in share repurchases and dividends. During the past 12 months, we generated $4.8 billion in cash from operations, while raising $2.5 billion in cash from bond issuances. Almost $4.4 billion were used for share repurchases and dividends and another $1.5 billion invested in capital expenditures. On Slide 8, we summarize a few key aspects of our cash story. In the chart on the upper left, you can see the relatively steady cash generation from operations over the past 2 years, continuing into the first quarter. On the right, we have plotted the past 3-plus years of share repurchases and dividends, averaging approximately $2.8 billion per year. If you annualize the pace of first quarter share repurchases and dividends, it could be in the range of $6 billion for the year 2014. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 15 million shares, bringing the total purchase since last May, when we initiated the program, to approximately 42 million shares at the end of the first quarter. You have seen from recent press releases our shareholders approved a second share repurchase program at our annual meeting and the Supervisory Board approved a $0.10 per share increase of the quarterly interim dividend to $0.70 per share. Now I'll turn things back to Jim for a further discussion of our business results.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Yes. More or less, it's probably a little bit higher than that. And then again, we would expect to see that returning in the second quarter.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Yes. So as of, you'll see we're going to file our Q here, you'll see as of the end of last week, we had approximately 10 million shares remaining on the initial 10% authorization. And the expectation is that we will purchase that through the end of this May. And then we have the new authorization. It's about 53 million shares, which we have authorized over the next 18 months.
