Kenneth Lane: Thank you, Michael. Let's begin the individual segment discussions on Slide 12 with the performance of our Olefins and Polyolefins Americas segment. Second quarter EBITDA was relatively flat at $905 million. North American demand for polyolefins continue to be very strong. Higher costs for ethane and energy pressured olefin margins and offset the benefits of improved polymer prices. During the third quarter, we expect continued strength in demand for polymers utilized in flexible packaging. But elevated costs for feedstocks and energy as well as continuing export supply chain constraints and market headwinds are likely to pressure margins.  Now please turn to Slide 13 to review the performance of our Olefins and Polyolefins Europe, Asia and International segment. Higher ethylene prices and relatively flat feedstock costs resulted in slightly higher second quarter EBITDA of $228 million. LyondellBasell's volumes declined due to downtime at our French cracker and moderating European demand for polymers in June. The extended maintenance in France resulted in an impact of $65 million to the segment during the second quarter.  During the third quarter, we expect seasonally slower summer demand and continued higher energy costs associated with tight gas supply, which will pressure European markets. Also, with China demand remaining sluggish due to zero COVID measures, the European market is also facing pricing pressure from dislocated Middle Eastern and Asian imports. Toward the end of this year, potential benefits from China's reopening could provide tailwinds for our businesses. With that, I'll turn the call over to Torkel.
Kenneth Lane: Sure. Thanks, Peter. Thanks, Josh, for the question. Look, a lot of the volatility that you've seen in the polypropylene market this year has been related to a lot of downtime in the industry, particularly in the U.S. I think that a lot of that is behind us. Inventory levels are, frankly, in our favor in polypropylene.  So I'd say, looking forward, we mentioned some softening demand trends that we see around durable applications. We see that in the polypropylene area as well, but we still see very good demand in packaging. So net-net,we're going to see some softening, some headwinds in polypropylene, but continued spreads that are going to be above historic averages.
Kenneth Lane: Sure. Absolutely. So look, what we see happening in China in particular, is prices are going to move where feedstock go at this point. People are cutting back utilization. A lot of the assets are, frankly, underwater, and you're making a decision almost daily about whether to continue to operate or is it better to shut down. So that's putting a floor under pricing today. So from my perspective, there's nowhere to go but up in China these days.  There will be a reopening impact. The question is always going to be about when, not if. But like Peter said, we've got very good new assets, both in O&P and I&D. So we're still confident in the outlook beyond the end of the year.
Kenneth Lane: Sure, Kevin. Thank you for the question. Yes, I do see -- expect to see that trend in propylene reverse in the U.S. In fact, I would -- I think we're going to see that in August already. We're starting to see spot prices move up again for propylene. And I'll go back to the answer that I gave earlier. There's been a lot of downtime for polypropylene assets in the U.S., and that's put some link into the propylene market.  What's happening now is you're starting to see those assets run again, and you're going to start to see people refilling inventory levels because of all the downtime that we've had with polypropylene and that's going to start to bring the propylene price back up a little bit here in the back half of the year.
Kenneth Lane: Yes. I guess the one thing that I'll add is when we look at this, we've got a lot of levers that we pull here in terms of managing our margins. We do expect to see energy and feedstock costs continue to be elevated in the back half of the year, but they're going to moderate versus the second quarter.  There will be things that we're doing around our feed slate, our product slate, our channel selection market segments because we still do, to Peter's point, see strength in some of our market segments. And we'll be gearing our portfolio to serve that.
Kenneth Lane: I absolutely agree. I think what we've seen in the past is that polyethylene is typically recession-resistant. And even this year, with China being down, we still expect to see growth in the kind of 2% to 3% range globally. So -- as China comes back, I think you're going to see that growth number go up even higher, which is what we've seen historically.
Kenneth Lane: I would not say we're hitting the upper limit. There are a lot of things that we can still do on the feed slate. As you know, naphtha has been favored. A lot of that is driven by not only the naphtha price, but also the co-product pricing. So that is a big lever for us, not only in Europe but also in U.S. markets, and we'll continue to find opportunities around the feed slate and optimize the portfolio as we go.
Kenneth Lane: Yes. I think the only thing that I'll add to that is you do have new supply coming on, and that's going to be another headwind for us. But the good news is that we'll start to see some of these supply chain constraints unwind at the back end of the year, and that's going to help open up some channels to market. We also -- you had mentioned inventory levels. We're already seeing downstream consumers start to reduce inventory levels. So that -- that's actually already started taking place.  And I think one thing we're going to watch very closely, obviously, is going to be what's happening with the weather impacts on that becausethere is a sort of a natural tendency in this industry to start to pull the inventories down, and this is not necessarily a great time of year to do that. But of course, we'll be watching that closely and see how those things develop.
Torkel Rhenman: Thank you, Ken. Please turn to Slide 14 as we take a look at our Intermediates and Derivatives segment. Exceptional oxyfuel margins resulted in record second quarter segment EBITDA of $675 million. During the quarter, styrene results benefited from tight market supply. We are beginning to see that softer demand for durable goods is leading to moderation in propylene oxide margins.  In the third quarter, we expect margin compression across most product lines. Oxyfuel margins are also moderating but expected to remain elevated at levels well above historical averages. The steady success of our Intermediates and Derivatives segments is rooted in the Advantage Technologies, underpinning our propylene oxide business.  On Slide 15, let me highlight the cost advantages of LyondellBasell's propylene oxide production. The chart on the right depicts the global cost curve for producing propylene oxide by asset. The lower an asset is positioned on the curve, the greater the cost advantage. As you can see, LyondellBasell's assets that produce propylene oxide with a tertiary butyl alcohol co-product are on the lowest or most favorable part of the cost curve. PO/TBA assets represent roughly 15% of global capacity and derive their advantage from favorable costs for butane raw materials and strong pricing for the clean burning high-octane oxyfuel products produced from tertiary butyl alcohol. LyondellBasell's plants that produce propylene oxide with the styrene monomer co-products are the next lowest cost technology and represent 35% share of global capacity.  Much of the industry produces propylene oxide using older, higher-cost technologies such as the chlorohydrin process. With the recent escalation in chlorine prices, the cost curve for chlorohydrin-based propylene oxide has only steepened, creating hardships for producers using this technology. LyondellBasell's advantage PO/TBA technology provides an excellent platform to address increasing global demand for propylene oxide and oxyfuels. Propylene oxide is used in the production of polyurethanes, first-time materials that saves energy by producing insulation and reducing weight in a wide range of applications.  Oxyfuels are clean-burning, high-oxygen gasoline blending components that increase fuel efficiencies and improves air quality by reducing harmful emissions.  Let's continue with Slide 16 with an update on our PO/TBA project that we are completing here in Houston. This is the largest greenfield investment in LyondellBasell's history and will deliver much needed capacity to serve growing demand for these products that provide sustainable solutions for our planet.  We are thrilled to have nearly completed construction and we have already begun commissioning the oxyfuel assets, depicted in the photo on the right. The PO/TBA plant commissioning will begin during the fourth quarter, and we expect the integrated facility to start up in first quarter of 2023.  Our ramp-up during 2023 will not provide for full year of production but continued market strength is likely to support stronger margins than the mid-cycle economics depicted on this line. With LyondellBasell's sells advantaged technology and affordable shale advantage butane feedstocks are new capacity starting up with the support of favorable markets.  Now let's turn to Slide 17 and discuss the results for our Refining segment. Second quarter EBITDA was $418 million, with improved margins driven by increased demand for gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. In the second quarter, the Maya 2-1-1 spread expanded significantly to about $56 per barrel. We operated the refinery at 94% of capacity with an average crude throughput of 252,000 barrels per day. In the near term, the Maya 2-1-1 spread is moderating from second quarter levels. We plan to run the refinery about 87% of capacity during the third quarter to perform a limited scope of planned maintenance. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim.
Torkel Rhenman: So thank you for the question. I think as we looked at this, we've -- and if you compare it to historical averages, it's actually widened in terms of the differential in terms of our competitive advantage. And that's primarily driven right now the value of the core products. And of course, that will fluctuate over the cycle.  But fundamentally, we see for the next -- where we are right now and in the coming next 2 years, we are in a very favorable cycle situation. Then as you drive -- if you look at energy costs going up, that will also favor our technology. So I think fundamentally, where we are and look at it right now, I think our technology is very advantaged.
Torkel Rhenman: As part of our start-up plan,we have other outages scheduled for other plants that we have delayed, so in terms of managing our supply on the PO. But we also expect that the plan to ramp up during the year. And we expect that for next year, we will produce about 50% of the annualized capacity from the plant.
Torkel Rhenman: Yes. Thank you. I think second quarter was driven by both strong demand but also primarily operational issues, scheduled and unscheduled outages, and we see margins probably softening here in third quarter and the second half of the year. And I think that there are growth areas, but there are also areas under pressure. Single-use plastics, of course, being one under pressure, but you also have strong and we've seen double-digit growth for EPS being used in insulation material -- so I would say that we probably have a moderate outlook in terms of margins in the immediate term.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you again, team, for this impressive quarter. The closeouts on our segments, let's turn to Slide #19, and discuss the results for our technology business on behalf of Jim Seward, our Senior Vice President for R&D, Technology and Sustainability. I have always been highly impressed by the strength of LyondellBasell's international innovation and technology capabilities, the broad technology portfolio and our leading market position. Very clearly, innovation is a core part of LyondellBasell's DNA.  Second quarter EBITDA was $112 million, supported by strong licensing revenue and record year-to-date catalyst demand. While new licensing activities slowed we have noted a recent shift in our licensing demand away from commodity polymers. 4 of our 5 new licenses this year were sold in Asia to produce low-density polyethylene vinyl acetate copolymers used in solar panel laminations and encapsulants that support the world's rising demand for renewable energy.  In the third quarter, we expect our licensing revenue and catalyst volumes to moderate. This segment is likely to produce results similar to that seen in the first or second quarter of 2021. Now let me summarize the second quarter and the outlook for our company with Slide #20.  LyondellBasell's second quarter results benefited from a balanced portfolio that captured considerable value with very efficient cash conversion. Margin expansion in our oxyfuels and refining businesses and solid demand for our products more than offset higher feedstock and energy costs. Our management team and Board understands and respects the power of this portfolio. We are unwavering and our disciplined approach to capital allocation and demonstrated our commitment to shareholder returns during the second quarter.  LyondellBasell is making measurable progress towards our ambitious interim and long-term goals for the reduction of our greenhouse gas emissions while developing sustainable businesses based on recycled and renewable materials. Our aim is to build upon our initial work, scale or reach and establish LyondellBasell as a leader in serving the world's growing needs for circular and sustainable materials while reducing our carbon footprint.  I began my journey as CEO with a commitment to leverage LyondellBasell's strengths and capture value from both near-term and long-term opportunities. Over the past several months, we have undertaken an in-depth examination of our company to identify a north star that will provide clarity and guiding principles for our strategic decisions. including our progress on circularity and sustainability.  We are consulting with all stakeholders to ensure we have aligned on a durable and resilient strategy that will serve LyondellBasell well across a range of scenarios for many years. Last week, we had a very productive interim review with our board on this topic. We're planning further alignment during our Board meetings in the second half of the year with our work aimed towards communicating or our north star externally during an Investor Day in early 2023. In addition, the second work stream is underway to identify, prioritize and execute on value opportunities that exist in LyondellBasell's current business structure. Thus far,our work has identified a considerable number of opportunities such as creep capacity, debottlenecks, automation and energy saving opportunities that can be delivered through modest investments by leveraging LyondellBasell's existing strengths.  We believe the value of these projects is considerable and actionable. I am committed to communicating our initial assessment of this value opportunity and our time line for realization during our third quarter earnings call. We look forward to sharing our vision for LyondellBasell and the additional value we plan to unlock from our company. We are now pleased to take your questions. Thank you.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. Thank you, Vincent. A very good question on naphta and especially what is happening in Europe and in China. As you noticed well, I mean, naphtha is decoupling at the moment from what is happening on the oil side. But I think one needs to look at China and when demand will pick up substantially again in China, and that eventually would reestablish, in our opinion, the relationship between naphtha and crude oil.  Giving a little bit of further information, I mean, around China, then we have seen a little bit already or an uptick in demand in China, but it was very modest during the second quarter. We expect that, especially after October, there will be quite some incentives coming out as it has been in the past. So towards the end of the year, beginning of next year, one may expect that demand in China would substantially pick up and be back on normal levels of growth that we have seen over the cycle.
Peter Vanacker: Frank, let me also say, I mean,  Yes. Of course, I mean, it's in the current situation in Europe. We are very close in to what is happening there. That's what you may expect, of course, in such a situation that we have an internal crisis management team up and running that we are developing different business continuity plans that we have analyzed I mean our dependency also on nat gas.  And I must say, I mean, that the integrated crackers that we have, they show a low dependency on nat gas, mostly supplied by oil-based fuels. I want to put it in perspective as where the biggest impact is eventually is in Germany and Italy, but German revenues for us are based upon last year's revenue, about 7% of total revenue and Italy is about 4% of total revenue.  We believe that we can continue to run our crackers in Europe, but we have been doing at an 85-plus percent range. So from that perspective, believe that we -- if everything runs, let's say, in a normal way, we would be quite robust in continuing our operations independent of the fact the effective North Stream One returns, so back to 40% or would be lower than the 40%.
Peter Vanacker: Well, P.J., thank you for your question. We've been very clear. I mean, the latest, I mean, by the end of we will shut down our refinery in Houston. Nothing has changed in that regard. It's simply because of the technical reasons. -- you need to eventually invest a huge amount of money to keep the refinery operating. And definitely, as I alluded to in my preliminary comments, safety has always been -- the most important thing that we are looking at in the company. So we will not, at the expense of safety, keep operating, I mean, the refinery, which means as a consequence, one would have to invest a huge amount of money. We've alluded to that above $1 billion, at least.  My experience is actually telling me that the moment you open up or react on, you willstart finding out that actually your $1 billion will not be sufficient, and it's going to be substantially higher in terms of the investments in the refinery. So nothing has changed towards what we have communicated before.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. Thank you, Jeff. I mean, for your very good questions. And let me go a little bit deeper. And what actually is the attention that we are having with regard I mean to the refinery, what are we actually looking at? I mean with the refinery I mean it's a very nice location that we have. We have very good assets also at the refinery.  So we're mainly looking at the fact, can we do -- what can we do else, I mean, with the assets that we have at the refinery? You're very familiar with the fact that we are making very good progress on our molecular recycling technology. So the advanced recycling technology development. And this site could be a very good fit for us to do very large investments. Nothing has been decided yet. As said, this is investigation, but we -- the more we look at it, I mean, the more we are inspired coming by it because we have very good equipment that we eventually could then use. So there could be quite a lot of synergies. So this is the direction of travel, Jeff, with regards, I mean, to the refinery.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. Thank you, Chris. I mean, let me first, I mean, again, make a couple of comments on that. When -- of course, I know LyondellBasell for quite a while, that's clear. But also when I started moving into my position,then what impressed me a lot is the diversity of the different products and solutions that we have in the portfolio. And as such, I call it a kind of a natural hedge because -- all the products are not following the same cycle and therefore, are hedging each other. So that is quite good, I mean, to have a portfolio like that.  And the best demonstration was, of course, on our earnings, I mean, during the second quarter as a result out of that. Now if we go a little bit deeper, I mean, we've talked a lot already about polyethylene and polypropylene and margins and so on. So I would put the focus maybe a little bit on the very important oxyfuels business that we have and the contribution of oxyfuels as an octane enhancer as you know. And then also with regards to positioning in terms of sustainability solution offerings. So Torkel if you can give a little bit of an update on the oxyfuels, what you see.
Peter Vanacker: John I mean start-up is scheduled, I mean, towards the end of Q1 2023. And as said, I mean, by Torkel, you gradually move into the name paid capacity volumes. So therefore, if you average it out over the year 2023, then it would be approximately we expect, I mean, 50% of the nameplate capacity.
Peter Vanacker: Well, good question. I mean, in the I&D business, I mean, Scope 3 emission standards. It's clear, of course, also that even if we have not clearly made a commitment on Scope 3, that we are deeply analyzing what are the emissions on Scope 3 that we have, we are approaching, of course, also our customers in discussions in reducing their Scope 3 emissions on the products that they are supplying to us. So that's work in progress.  But it is important, I mean, we are looking at it. And I'll give you one example. I mean we talked about the refinery beforehand. By shutting down the refinery, we're talking about approximately 40% of our global Scope 3 footprint that would be reduced. So we're talking here about 30 million, 40 million tonnes per year of scope 3 emissions that would be reduced just by that action. Talking about the applications, not necessarily at this point in time, we see a disadvantage because it is a -- Scope 3 is something that is extremely difficult, I mean, for the entire industry, I mean, to deal with. There is no clear accounting mechanism I mean for Scope 3. So lots of things that need to still be worked out, I mean, through legislation and how to account, I mean, for Scope 3 emissions. So immediate answer to that is we don't see that in terms of demand for those products that, that would have an impact, I would say, on the contrary, because the oxyfuels, if you talk about top fuels actually make a good contribution in that regard.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. Thank you very much, I mean, for all the very thoughtful questions. I would say, as usual. And we look, of course, forward to sharing more of our plans with you about how we outlined of Brazil with advance on our strategy. And in addition to that, we also unlock additional value over the coming months. As said, you may expect when we are releasing our third quarter results that we are putting a number to the additional value that we believe we can capture and also a time line to that. And then invite you for the beginning of next year to a Capital Markets Day to talk about our strategy.  I wish you all a great weekend, and of course, stay healthy and stay safe. Thank you very much.
