Ken Lane: Thank you, Michael. Let's begin the segment discussions on Slide 14 with the performance of our Olefins and Polyolefins Americas segment. During the second quarter, O&P Americas EBITDA increased $138 million to $679 million. North American integrated polyethylene margins increased on higher U.S. sales prices and lower ethane costs, while weak demand for durable goods continued to impact polypropylene margins. In the third quarter, we expect volatile feedstock costs and new capacity entering the market will compress margins. Also, demand is being impacted by cautious buying by our customers due to the uncertain economic outlook. As Peter mentioned, we are not allowing current business conditions to slow our progress on strategy. On June 1, we announced an MOU with Technip and Chevron Phillips to develop an electric furnace demonstration unit at our Channelview, Texas site. The technology could enable the company to use renewable electricity as a heat source for ethylene cracking and significantly reduce the greenhouse gas footprint of our olefins production. This collaboration is just one of many initiatives underway to build a profitable circular and low-carbon solutions business for LyondellBasell. Please turn to Slide 15 as we review the performance of our Olefins and Polyolefins Europe, Asia and International segment. In the second quarter, European ethylene margins benefited from lower feedstock costs but this was offset by weak demand for polymers used in durable products. As a result, O&P EAI second quarter EBITDA increased $7 million to $84 million. Looking ahead, we expect the European and Asian markets to remain challenging with consumer uncertainty and energy cost volatility. Slow economic recovery, combined with additional supply in China will continue to be a headwind. Finally, we are growing our portfolio of recycled and renewable based polymers from consolidating our ownership in QCP mechanical recycling, investing in Pryme's plastic waste pyrolysis process, and building a flexible packaging recycling facility through LMF Nord, our CLCS team continues to build out our regional hub model to advance our leadership in circular and renewable solutions. Having said that, I want to emphasize the focus our team has on generating value and cash from operations. Our team is highly seasoned and is doing a great job at both. I want to be sure and acknowledge all of their hard work.  Now I'll turn the call over to Kim.
Ken Lane: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Like we have said in the remarks that we made, we do expect it to be volatile. So the good news is we've seen NGL prices come down. NAV was really peaking in July, but we do see that coming off here in August, but it did have an impact in July. That's not going to continue. The inventory levels for NGLs are still very healthy and production is growing. So overall, we expect that we're going to see advantages with NGL production here in the U.S., especially with ethane. Now having said that, we still do have a lot of new supply that's coming into the market. And at the end of the second quarter, we saw prices in the Americas coming down and that's going to continue into the third quarter, let's say, it's going to carry into the third quarter. We've seen some green shoots in the export market. So I think we're kind of bouncing along the bottom here. But it's just going to support that theme of continued volatility going forward. What I would expect is that we're going to see that normal seasonality going into the fourth quarter, some weakness on volumes. Q1 will typically be a little bit better. And then when we get into the second half of next year is when I expect to start to see things really improve.
Ken Lane: Duffy. Yes, so listen, we have traditionally been lower in terms of a percentage for exports in our portfolio, and you see that this year. Now some of that as well is driven by the turnaround that we've had in the first half of the year. We've got some of our capacity down right now in the Midwest. So we've been a little bit lower on the export sales in the first half of the year. As an industry, the Americas or the U.S. typically is exporting somewhere around 35% to 40% of the capacity. Normally, when these new assets come online, you're looking at them exporting significantly above that level for the first year or so as they work their way into the market. But I don't see any change in the midterm around the industry being at that 40% level of exports, but it's always our goal to find the highest value for our products. And that is in the domestic market. So our focus is on serving the customers here and building out a portfolio that is more resilient by supplying domestic.
Ken Lane: Yes, like I had said previously, we're looking at the feedstock kind of peaked in July. So that definitely is going to hurt us versus Q2, if you think about it sequentially. Also, like I said, with prices coming down in the U.S. at the end of Q2, that's carried into Q3, so both of those are going to be headwinds. Then there is some volume component to that. Q2 is normally our peak fall in terms of seasonality and in Q3, especially in Europe, in the summer months, you start to see the volume slow down. So we will have some volume slowdown in Q3 as well. Overall, I expect that we are, like I said, bumping along here on margins in Q3 in terms of being at the bottom.
Ken Lane: Yes. So listen, of course, the headwinds in the European business with energy like everybody else has. And we're focused on generating the highest value from those assets because there are things that we can do through our VEP program that still does generate good value from a margin standpoint. We've seen probably the biggest headwind in Europe around demand. So volume is down pretty significantly year-over-year. As you can imagine, the whole inflation equation has hit the consumer very hard in Europe. So we believe we've got good competitive assets there. But of course, we're operating at a very difficult market. We're going to look for ways to continue to improve the value that we can get from those assets. In the longer term, we're always looking at our portfolio, and we'll continue to do so and make sure that we have the most competitive position that we can with reasonable amounts of capital that we would have to deploy there.
Ken Lane: I -- the only thing I would add to that, Peter, is we have seen some projects starting to slow down, right? So we are hearing about that in the market. And look, I'll remind you, too, we always get into these down cycles, and it happens every time. And it feels like you're going to be here forever but there will be capacity that also comes out of the market. So yes, there are some additions that are going to come. And some of those are going to make sense depending on their feedstock position and the region that they're in, but there are going to be some capacities that come out. It takes a couple of years for that to happen, but that's how the cycle works. So in the short term, I don't expect there to be any significant change in capacity coming on. But in the midterm, I do think you're going to see some projects start to be slowed down.
Ken Lane: I completely agree with that. And like I had mentioned before, there will be headwinds with this capacity coming on. There always is. But the capacity comes on one time and then you feel it and the market will adjust to that. I also said earlier, we're seeing some strength in some of the export markets, especially going south. So we're starting to see some growth in some markets like Brazil that's going to help absorb some of that capacity. So I'm not any more concerned about it now than I was 6 months ago. Southeast Asia is even looking a little bit better. We've seen that trend over the last couple of months. So the markets are going to absorb it over time. And like Peter said and Michael had said, we'll adjust our operating rates to optimize cash.
Torkel Rhenman: Thank you, Kim. Let's review the second quarter results for the Advanced Polymer Solutions segment on Slide 18. Second quarter EBITDA moderately increased to $34 million. Margins for the polypropylene company business increased as product prices improved and energy costs decreased. We saw lower demand from the construction and electronics markets, while demand from the automotive markets gained momentum during the quarter. We expect demand in the third quarter to be similar to the second quarter across most APS businesses. Typical third quarter downtime at OEMs will offset some of the automotive production gains we have seen in the first half of 2023 in Europe and North America. Our number 1 priority in APS is to restore service levels to our customers and restore growth in the business. I'm happy to report that we have restored our service levels, and we're making good progress in refilling our growth pipeline. APS has a lot of project-based business and our growth pipeline depends on winning a spot on the next automotive platform launch with the next color design. One KPI that we track is the number of color and concentrate request we service. In Europe, the number of requests increased by more than 50% by the end of the second quarter relative to our performance in the second half of 2022. We still have a long path to complete our transformation, but our team is making tangible progress in delivering improved results. In early July, we completed our acquisition of the Mepol Group, a manufacturer of recycled high-performing technical compounds located in Italy and Poland. Mepol's expertise in sustainable compounding fits perfectly into our strategy to be the leader in providing sustainable solutions for our customers. With that, I will turn the call back to Peter.
Torkel Rhenman: Thank you. So as we communicated, our target is to get the business to what we believe is very feasible that the $0.5 billion earnings by 2027. And that's the plan that we have embarked on. And I have to say we are at the current moment right as I expect us to be. I've led multiple business transformations, and this is where I expect us to be at this time. So if you look at our earnings performance, I think fourth quarter of last year was the bottom, and we have then 2 months behind us where we are gradually improving it, but it is a multi-year effort for us and we're feeling the growth pipeline, as I mentioned, is our number 1 priority, and we're making good progress, but that also takes time. But it is our focus. In terms of acquisitions, the Mepol, I think, was an acquisition that perfectly fit in, but there is nothing else that we have that we are in that sort of category for our space at the moment.
Torkel Rhenman: Thank you for the question. On the APS, I covered when we had the Capital Markets Day, I think we've really lost the focus on the business and our customers when we went through the integration. And we took out a lot of cost and synergy but this is a business that really requires this customer centricity. It's a project-based business. You have to have a really good growth pipeline and a very, very good service level and that's the recognition that I think from the whole integration that we made some mistakes and we really have not put together this transformation plan to deliver what this business can perform. And that's the journey that we're on. And I'm confident that we're going to deliver on it. We're making good progress. But it is a transformation, it will take up years.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Torkel. Please turn to Slide 19, and I will discuss the results for the Technology segments on behalf of Jim Seward. Second quarter EBITDA of $79 million reflected higher licensing revenue and lower catalyst volumes. In the third quarter, we expect that licensing revenue and catalyst volumes will moderately improve. As a result, we estimate that the third quarter Technology segment results will be similar to the quarterly results seen in the first 3 quarters of 2022. As discussed in the previous earnings call, we expect that LyondellBasell's proprietary MoReTec advanced catalytic recycling technology will be a key enabler for scaling up our circular and low-carbon solutions business. Engineering work for our first commercial scale plant in Cologne, Germany is underway. We hope to provide you with further updates and announced an investment decision for a commercial scale plant during the fourth quarter of this year. Please turn to Slide 20 and I will discuss the market outlook by regions and end markets. As you heard from our business leaders, we expect that the challenging market conditions of the second quarter will continue for the remainder of the year. And the America's fundamental demand is stopped and we see cautious buying from our customers and consumers. Margins are expected to be pressured by near-term volatility in feedstock costs and new capacity. The potential for energy cost volatility and associated consumer caution looms over the European markets, despite moderation in feedstock and energy costs relative to 2022. In China, strength in Consumer Services has not been sufficient to offset slow recovery in durable goods, infrastructure and export activity. Markets are not reflecting much benefit from the initial stimulus measures. Demand for consumer packaging is stable, supported by the service industries. However, our customers continue to keep their inventory levels cautiously low. Building and construction markets are relatively flat with benefits from new housing starts offset by reduced sales and maintenance for existing homes as owners resist trading into higher mortgage rates. We're watchful for tailwinds in the United States from stimulus enabled by the Inflation Reduction Act, to be part of the infrastructure law and the CHIPS and Science Act. Demand from automotive market seems to be gaining momentum. However, there may be some headwinds from the typical downtime at OEMs in the third quarter. Oxyfuels and refining markets continue to see stable demand as refined product inventories remain low. At LyondellBasell, we optimize our well-positioned assets across the world. We will continue to align our operating rates with market demand and steered through all stages of the business cycle. Now let me summarize our second quarter outlook and our long-term strategy for our company with Slide 21. Our second quarter results illustrate how our team is capturing value to our new strategy despite challenging markets. Margins for our O&P businesses moderately improved amid tipid demand. Although lower than the first quarter, our oxyfuels and refining margins remained above historical averages, supported by low inventories and steady demand. Cash generation in the second quarter was outstanding with $1.3 billion in cash from operations and an impressive cash conversion of 103% over the past 4 quarters. We returned $508 million in dividends and share repurchases, demonstrating our commitment to shareholder returns. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we anticipate soft demands and additional polyolefins capacity in North America and Asia will lead to further margin compression. We expect LyondellBasell's third quarter EBITDA will be mid-teens to mid-20 percentage points lower than the second quarter. We remain watchful for near-term risks and opportunities across sectors and geographies. At our Capital Markets Day in March, we shared our excitement around our new forward strategy. And during the call today, we provided updates on our progress to capture incremental value across the 3 pillars of the strategy. I want to emphasize that we are not allowing current conditions to slow us down. Our value enhancement program has generated incredible energy and enthusiasm across our workforce, from frontline operators and manufacturing to engineers developing innovative solutions to sales and support teams serving our customers around the world. LyondellBasell VEP is unlocking value at an accelerating pace. We're making steady progress on our goal to deliver a more profitable and sustainable growth engine for LyondellBasell. We're now pleased to take your questions.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Steve. Very good question that you're asking. I mean what we are doing here together with our partners is, first of all, developing the technology further into, let's call it, a semi industrial scale. So this is not replacing, but it is feeding into a cracker. Next to that, of course, we are following different other avenues in order to prepare ourselves, I mean, for more renewable hydrocarbons. And here, that's what we are looking at, at the refinery and how can we leverage upon the hydrotreaters and hydro crackers that we have. So there will not be one solution fits all is the key message, but we are playing, let's say, very broadly, being technology agnostic, and investing in the different types of technologies that eventually where we then would decide to invest in those technologies on an industrial scale. We're talking about 2013 plus in my view. Then, of course, there can be different solutions depending on where you are in the world.
Peter Vanacker: And here -- it's Peter. I mean just to add to that, I mean, in terms of the acquisitions, I mean, one needs to look at the Mepol acquisition, being at the boundary, the interface between circular and low-carbon solutions and then the APS business with the compounding. So Mepol has a very strong mechanical recycling position in those different markets, and that's what made it so attractive for us to do that acquisition.
Peter Vanacker: Yes, Aleksey, I mean, we have seen a couple of areas where that eventually could have an impact. But at this point in time, it's too premature to say, I mean how much that impact will be. Our people, as you know, they are on the ground, I mean, following that. There seems to talks around, I mean, automotive industry, talks about white goods industry, but too premature, I mean, to say because we need -- we've seen a couple of these initiatives so far, but we are rather in a wait-and-see position now and ready. I mean, if the market would see, I mean, an uptick because all the initiatives so far have not had the impact as we would have hoped despite the fact, I mean, that the saving rates of individuals is extremely high, I mean, in China.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. Very good question, Frank. And of course, I mean, like we have done last year as well. We don't call this, let's say, cost savings, but I mean, we call this, I mean, we look at what is happening in the marketplace. You know that with our PO/TBA capacities and especially the new one that we have rather seen successfully. We have the lowest cost and also lowest carbon footprints, propylene upsides in the world. So it's clear, I mean, that the PO/SM facilities are more kind of playing a role of a swing capacity. So with that, I will hand over to Kim to give more details.
Peter Vanacker: Well, Matthew, I mean, normally, you have quite a good visibility. I mean, with the announcements of capacity increases. So -- and that visibility in our industry is normally around what, 4, 5 years, I mean, down the road. I would be very surprised, I mean, if there would certainly be additional capacities that come on stream. I mean, within that period that have not been announced because that's not how the industry is working. I mean, Ken, with regards, I mean, to the announcements now as the supply and demand.
Peter Vanacker: And then if you look at it, I mean, from the demand side, if you look into the history, than with the financial crisis 2008 and 2009, then certainly in 2009 and 2010, you had a big recovery. So growth was higher than it normally is, let's say, over the cycle, let's say, around, I mean, 4% per year. And the same we've seen, I mean also with the pandemic, I mean, pandemic in 2021. During the second year, you saw a recovery with -- when you compare that to 2020. So I mean, we continue to be just looking, I mean, from a historic point of view. We have a consumer behavior. It could very well be that also then we see in the future that there's going to be higher demand compared to, I mean, to the average over the cycle demand growth of about 4% per year on polyethylene.
Peter Vanacker: The clear answer on that is, John, no. It's not. I mean, our target remains, I mean unchanged in the circular and low-carbon solutions business as we have communicated on the Capital Markets Day and we have been evaluating that option, obviously, exactly if you did our Capital Markets Day, so it was on the radar screen.
Peter Vanacker: And to your question, I mean, on the circular business, Jeff. I mean the $500 million in -- by 2027 and then the $1 billion by 2030. When we talked about that on the Capital Markets Day, you know that we are talking about 2 million tons of target by 2030. The margins that we talked about, I mean, you can do the back of the [indiscernible] Calculation pretty much is incremental EBITDA on top of the EBITDA that we normally make, I mean, in our crackers. So it gives you a bit of guidance also here. I must say, I mean we're -- we look at the margins that we are creating, I mean, today with that business, you know that since we started the business, we have been able, I mean, to grow the business quite substantially. Of course, albeit, I mean, still at a low level compared to the overall volumes that we are having in the polyolefins. We see that the margins that we can capture or substantially higher than what we have said, I mean, at the Capital Markets Day. And again, it's a separate business that is being created. I keep repeating that. Like I said at the Capital Markets Day, with its own supply and demand that has its own value-based pricing mechanisms that we are positioning in the marketplace. So this is not a market where you have a polyolefin plus a premium type of approach.
Peter Vanacker: Okay. Thank you very much. As usual, very thoughtful questions. We're looking forward to sharing the updates on our progress towards unlocking additional value, of course, over the coming months and we wish you all a great weekend. And as usual, stay safe. Thank you very much.
