Jim Gallogly: Thank you for joining our earnings call. As Doug mentioned, a set of presentation slides accompanies this call and is available on our Web site. Let’s take a look at Slide Number 4 and review a few financial highlights. Second quarter earnings per share were $2.22, with EBITDA up approximately $1.94 billion, both represent record quarterly results. Every segment contributed to our strong earnings. Underlying oil and natural gas fundamentals continue to provide a strategic advantage of our North America businesses. However, the quarter could have been even better, had we not experienced various internal operating issues and third-party disruptions. These issues particularly impacted our O&P Americas and intermediates and derivatives businesses. I will speak more about those in a moment. Turning to Slide Number 5, you will see that our safety statistics continue at the level that we established over the past several years. We were recently recognized by the American Chemistry Council as the Responsible Care Company of the Year in our size category. We are very proud of this award as it demonstrates our strong commitment to safety and environmental stewardship. I would now like to turn the call over to Karyn to discuss our financial performance.
Jim Gallogly: Bob, the ethane prices have fallen quite a bit in the last couple of weeks. They are down in the low 20s at this point in time I think most people did expect rise in the summer but they are doing exactly the opposite. Some of that is due to various operating issues. As you are probably aware, there is complex at Port Arthur, a olefins cracker that is down due to fire, there has been a variety of operational issues, our turnaround went long. And so as a result of those things and then very, very strong supply, the prices have fallen. I think that’s very, very positive for a business. Propane prices have come down some butane prices. That’s been helpful for us in Europe, particularly in butane. We have been cracking lighter there particularly out of there facility. So all of this has been positive for our results and natural gas prices have also fallen and so things are looking good.
Jim Gallogly: Methanol has come down as you say, natural gas prices have come down, that’s part of it people have cooperated a bit better. There were some turnarounds earlier, so my impression is that we bounced off the bottom there. It seems to be firming a bit, so we will see how that develops.
Jim Gallogly: First about the turnaround, we have originally thought that turnaround will take us about 80 days it took us about 115 days. We had a considerable amount of work to do. It took longer than we had expected and then we had the first stage compressor of our crack gas machine blow a seal there when we restarted that took us a couple of more weeks to get back on line that certainly wasn’t expected. But our people worked incredibly hard and I am proud of what they have done. It just took so much longer than we expected. I indicated about how much that impacted our first quarter, our second quarter in our prepared comments, about a 100 million pounds here in July. In terms of the 800 million pounds, we have got two furnaces that are almost mechanically complete. They are on schedule. We have increased the budget for that project as you know in-part because we can see the turnaround cost probably going up and labor cost increasing, productivity going down a bit. So, it’s about at the cost that we had forecasted recently, taking a bit longer will bring one of the new furnaces up in the second and it shouldn’t take us very long to line them out. We haven’t operated before the big furnaces but we are pretty hopeful we will get those on-stream and bring them up rapidly. One item taking care of the start-up of La Porte was pretty smooth. 
Jim Gallogly: John, European crackers are running lighter than they used to, to be sure whether it is propane or butane we have been able to crack lighter. Our folks over there learning from what we have done here in the United States and the way to take those flexible crackers and take them to new levels. We have very modest capital that we are putting in to help but it’s minor. It’s more of a learning as we go, obviously we have improved there. We have also cracked more common sites and that’s been positive for us. So, we are running at great rates, 95% utilization is so far above what’s happening in the rest of the industry that’s a plus for us. I think between the cost structure changes that we have made 1,000 people or so less than we used to operate within that region. Lining out our operations and working hard on the revenue side. We have been able to post quarter after quarter good solid results in Europe.
Jim Gallogly: Polyethylene margins are very strong right now and a lot of price increases haven’t happened. Our perception is that market is extremely tight, some of these ethylene outages have an impact on those derivatives and we have seen some competitor announcements of force majeure. We have been in force majeure. I think the market is tied and I think some of the forecasters are saying polyethylene prices should go up in the United States.
Jim Gallogly: Kevin, we’ve been very active in the M&As here but buying our own shares. We still think we are the best investment out there and we completed our first 10% program, commenced the second 10% program. We watch every asset that comes to market, we evaluate it. So far we haven’t seen something, that’s been attractive to us, but we remain open to accretive transactions if they appear. We obviously have a great balance sheet and the ability to execute should something appropriate appear. But again, today we like ourselves as the best investment. And in terms of whether returning cash to shareholders, I think we’ve demonstrated year-to-date that we are very willing to do that in a significant way.
Jim Gallogly: Yes. The Channelview and Corpus projects are tracking as we expect. The last time we talked that everyone on our earnings call, we did update the cost profile that was primarily related to Corpus. The Channelview expansion is two furnaces, we already have the tie-ins ready. So that should be a fairly simple transition from to bring those assets online. That’s expected to be early 2015 for Channelview for the couple of furnaces and then at Corpus, like 2015, we expect it to progress as we earlier indicated.
Jim Gallogly: Yes. So far P.J., we haven’t seen much impact at all on condensate, so they are very long in South Texas and seem to be increasing instead of decreasing. What we are working on right now is getting some of that pipeline up into the Houston region instead of barging to reduce our cost even further. So far that’s been in the mix. I think when the original announcements of a couple of people moving some condensates offshore and that was approved by the department of energy when that was approved people thought gee maybe that’s a change step. I think after that’s been evaluated people maybe don’t believe that so much. And we still think that these discounted Texas condensate show up in our mix, primarily in cracking more at Channelview and some at Corpus, but not so much in our refinery at this point.
Jim Gallogly: Well, so far I haven’t heard of any new thing, so there has been an announcement that Reliance is looking building some tankers, but how that’s sourcing there hasn’t been a lot of detail. But still based on maybe a feature of 300,000 barrels per day things that we’re seeing that’s still in the 2020 period, something 10% to 15% of the volume, so we think it’s manageable. Of course we’d rather stay home, but it is competitive world and some volumes could be exported.
Jim Gallogly: Jeff, there is arguably some benefit. Movement from first quarter to second quarter, but we already talked about that in our prepared remarks. I actually was disappointed in our Olefin results in the second quarter. As I said the turnaround went longer, I wish we would have been up in the middle of June with our cracker and posted some more numbers. So it was a record quarter for that business as I have tried to be very clear, we could have done even better. 
Jim Gallogly: Jeff, maybe I can help you out a bit. If you recall what we’ve done is with the turnaround at La Porte in the second quarter, we were preparing for that in the prior quarters. So as we spoke about first quarter results, we talked about a $150 million basically it was from purchases and inventory, so some of that moved forward. Now if you think about that, so that impacts the first second quarter comparison. In the second quarter what we have is really the turnaround running a couple of weeks longer that required us to go into the market and purchase some additional inventories and that’s the $50 million that Jim spoke about previously. 
Jim Gallogly: Yes, let me comment a bit, first on refining and then I’ll talk about methanol volumes. On refining, the two on one crack spread is down a bit; we’re running very well at the refinery at the moment, well above nameplate. That’s positive. We haven’t done that recently but you know I’m quite pleased that Todd and his team are doing a nice job running the asset hard like we should. We’ve had better yield structure, I think we’ve been doing a pretty good job of purchasing crude and so while the two on one is a bit lower, we’ve been able to make up for that. We’ve now been able to post a few quarters in a row of decent refining margins and I’m happy to say that business operationally is doing better. On I&D in methanol, we had some downtime. We had some supplier interruptions in one of our sites and then some of the loan downtime at Channelview, we don’t typically give those volumes but they have been -- there’s room for improvement there as well.  
Jim Gallogly: We'll continuing to study the possibility for an MLP, we’re watching very closely our competitor and how that transaction goes over the next days and we obviously could do the same thing, our asset base is dramatically larger and so that opportunity is greater, we’re not sure the market’s that’s big but certainly we could do that.   Olefins is a core business for us, is very-very key as we talk to investors some favor this, some don’t but we will continue to study it. One of the differences is, we went through bankruptcy in 2009, early 2010 and our assets were written down so you know the tax basis is quite different so I suspect our economics are different in that particular transaction in a variety of ways.  
Jim Gallogly: Well we try not to give those kind of forecasts but the market is very tight right now. Ethane prices are low and we’re running better, I mentioned that the refinery is running above nameplate. We’ve got all that horsepower now at La Porte and we’re running above nameplate there despite the fact that we don’t have extra couple furnaces. So we’ll try to put products in the pipe and we’ll see what margins are. 
Jim Gallogly: Yes, VAM margins are strong right now, we’re back running but we got to rebuild inventories so you know assuming we can continue to run well there we should be in good shape, we’ve got the issues that we had lined out at this moment, some of those were third party issues as well, occasionally the things that happened on our equipment but in some of that it was third party. 
Jim Gallogly: Don, we'll continue to work potential growth items. I did mention that we have an opportunity at Channelview to do some backend work. It looks like a very good project economics as we do our preliminary engineering, look like may be a 400 million pound expansion there. In addition to what we already have is the possibility at we think a reasonably low cost, so we'll keep working there. We have talked about a polyethylene plant. We are studying a couple other growth projects. We are always aware that capital costs are going up in the timeframe of ‘16, ‘17, ‘18 because of all the work going on. So, we are going to be hopefully smart about what we bring on and when we do it but some of these debottleneck opportunities and expansion opportunities still look very good to us.  In terms of return of cash to shareholders, I think since we have been a new company regardless of whether it’s being special dividends, regular dividends, share repurchases. I think we have set a very nice track record of being shareholder friendly. 
Jim Gallogly: We're continuing to work right now and the capital budget cycle at the front end of that and looking at a variety of things that we began to do the initial engineering on. So, it’s a bit early for me to comment on what all we'll include but we've been spending roughly $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion in capital. We've got -- we should expect something like that next year although that budget isn’t finalized and then after that we'll see what else we can add to the portfolio. 
Jim Gallogly: The apex line is running now, that help bring in some supplies, as a result of natural gas prices being higher. I think there was a drill bit response having formally been in that business they have prospects ready to drill typically when the prices are there recognizing that you get a decline curve in something like 60%, 80% depending upon which player and we're going to drill those wells when the gas prices are elevated like they will over the winter. And so I think some of this is a response with the drill bit. Overall it'sshaping up very nicely for the petrochemical industry though. 
Jim Gallogly: Yes, at this moment our crude slate is about 75% formed mostly Maya and a variety of other crudes, about 60% Canadian, 8% domestic. We expect that once Flanigan is running and at this point in time we are hoping late third quarter, early fourth quarter that we can get our slate up to about 35% Canadian. Obviously, today dependent upon dislocations in crude, we also did some work on our crude units so that we can have light crude capacity of about 50%. But we do hope to have more Canadian later in the year and that should help our refining results. 
Jim Gallogly: We've obviously had a few quarters that have been in that range. You remember that EAI has about half of this portfolio that’s pretty stable between our compounding business PB1, some of our joint ventures. There is an element of EAI that’s nice and stable. We've now seen some contribution on a fairly steady basis from the more commodity oriented olefins and polyolefins business. Our inventories have been tight. We have been running very hard. We have had some operational bubbles there too and I think our results could have been better in the second quarter in Europe as well. We have got a nice structure there, our cost structure and we’re monomer short, so we can run our crackers hard. We are doing everything we can to improve the feedstock slate. So Bob and his team keep delivering and we told him we'd like that to be a normal term. 
Jim Gallogly: We ran without La Porte at about 96% to 97% utilization. But if you remember that this was same company that ran over 100% utilization first solid year. So our expectations of ourselves are pretty high. 
Jim Gallogly: We’re running mechanical equipment but we work our maintenance hard and we’ve got some people who know this business inside and out. I’d like to say that our La Porte turnaround was not represented of what we typically do. Having said that, it was not for a lack of effort, we had people working amazingly hard to get all of that work done, it was a huge amount of work that we had in front of us given that we're reworking a bunch in towers and everything for else for this increasing capacity. So most of the industry can do a 95% something like that. It depends on the moment whether you include turnarounds are not in there, but we typically are operating more for percentage points about our competition. And when you look at some of the Salomon data and all of that, we benchmark extremely well. 
Jim Gallogly: Generally there is - at the same time, the ethylene capacity is being added, derivatives are being added. We are long ethylene, we have a portfolio of customers that we sell to, we're in constant discussions with them about the following -- the years following our expansions. And so for now we're feeling comfortable that we would be able to move the product. The United States is in such a nice advantage cost position that if we need to export, we can. And I think that’s been a realization of all the competitors and gives them confidence to go ahead and expand capacity. 
Jim Gallogly: We’ve been talking about the polyethylene expansion with a brand new technology. We think that will be a very competitive line both in terms of the product that makes and the value it brings the capital cost. But also very importantly, this should help us a significant amount in our licensing efforts. We are going to build serial number 001 of the new technology and we’re already very strong and low density polyethylene, the best in polypropylene in our view and this will add another leg to our technology stool that we think is very positive. 
Jim Gallogly: Well, that project is supposed to come about 2017 middle part of the year as best we can predict at this moment.  
Jim Gallogly: Okay. Yes, we have BOTBA turnaround coming at Bayport. There is a couple of JV turnarounds coming but otherwise we expect to be running and I am hoping that we get ourselves lined out here shortly and that second quarter was an anomaly. 
Jim Gallogly: I haven’t been too worried about that one way or the other at this point, there is always something new like that but it’s a maybe, but been around the industry a long time and haven’t seen many of those maybes turned into reality, so we’ll see, I just don’t know yet.  
Jim Gallogly: One of the things I failed to mention but I did in my prepared remarks is, we do have an HS unit at the refinery that will go down and turnaround too and that’ll affect yield but not volume very much. 
Jim Gallogly: Well I think it’s too early to say that. The rates have been higher you know our inventories are low in polymers, we’ve been running our crackers hard, some of the product that has been coming into Europe from the Middle East is going to Asia. There have been some new duties and things like that but there has been a bit more strength in Europe than there’s been in the past but it’s still an oversupply condition in my mind still near bottom of the cycle type economics. But you know, one of the things that happened in July was naphtha prices came down and that always builds a little bit of margin so that’s a positive. 
Jim Gallogly: So we’ve got to watch what happens in natural gas pricing, but at this moment our sense is that we hit a bottom and we’re headed a little bit up instead of down again, we’ll see how the market develops, some -- we have to watch and see what happens in China too. If there’s strength there or not strength later in the year, but we also could do a bit of self-help, we could have run better. 
Jim Gallogly: Well, for instance in VAM I think there’s a structural change going on, you know there is some capacity taken down in Europe because it simply wasn’t competitive on a cost basis and as a result of that the United States capacities have increased margins and able to ship to different places in the world. So VAM I think it’s structural, acidic acid is pretty strong right now and again the same thing, if we run a bit better those businesses can do better. 
Jim Gallogly: On a unit basis that will be a plus for us, because we got a 1.7 billion pound a year cracker already, we add 800 million, that’ll make it one of the biggest most efficient crackers in the United States, we hold ourselves accountable in order to get our cost structure on a continuous basis lower. La Porte’s in a good position to do that, Corpus the same thing, it’s a different kind of turnaround, we’re retubing furnaces and a variety of things down at Corpus, but both of those will be far more competitive assets.   We have Channelview that’s already a very competitive asset; add a couple more furnaces there. We’re very well positioned cost structure wise within our olefins assets in the United States, I didn’t mention so far in this call our Midwest assets, Morris and Clinton, you probably have noticed that ethane prices have fallen rather rapidly there as well and they’re extremely well positioned despite being smaller assets and they’re running nice and hard. 
Jim Gallogly: That’s generally a proper statement. The yield structure will change, crude units should run hard but when you got some -- the next unit down, it will tuck the yield structure just a bit. 
Jim Gallogly: Yes, depending upon where we are cracking, I mean we have gotten real close to 300,000 barrels a day with our refinery in some of the recent days, so we can run that thing harder now that we have done some work on the units there. So, we haven’t been able to sustain above nameplate in any of the quarters but I certainly have a challenge out to the team to accomplish that. I think some of them are probably listening to this call. They have heard that before, they just heard it again. 
Jim Gallogly: I never ruled that out P.J. It is a possibility but it has to be the right value. I wouldn’t say we are actively engaged in M&A activity. We evaluate everything that comes to market and see if it will make us better. One thing that we generally bring to the table is the ability to run assets and so even if it’s different chemistry, we would have to look at it and see if we could contribute to improvement in whatever the structure is today. But again our focus remains on our share repurchases, ever increasing regular dividends and being shareholder friendly. 
Jim Gallogly: Well, thank you. Let me make a few final comments. We did have a record quarter almost $2 billion of EBITDA, earnings per share of $2.22. We completed a first 10% share buyback program. In the last six months, we've had $6.1 billion of share repurchases and dividends. While these are very good results, we could have done better.   We built a reputation for operational excellence, strong safety performance, environmental stewardship and reliability. We didn’t deliver fully on that last leg. We had a long difficult turnaround at La Porte. It’s completed. We are running above nameplate. Our people work incredibly hard but we didn’t get it done within an acceptable timeframe. We had other operational bubbles. We will get ourselves back on track. We will continue to earn your trust and faith and our operational excellence and the markets have been kind, ethane prices are lower, the U.S. advantage is very strong at the moment. And we'll hopefully continue to surprise you to the upside. Thank you. 
Karyn Ovelmen: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to Slide number 6, which charts second quarter and last 12 month segment EBITDA. As Jim said, our results have been strong and steady. Within the segments, the O&P Americas business established a new record as EBITDA was slightly less than $1 billion. In O&P-EAI, our EBITDA of approximately $320 million was slightly higher than the strong underlying first quarter result. Intermediates and Derivatives continued to follow normal trends. Oxyfuels results improved as we entered the summer gasoline blending season. Exclusive of this seasonality, results were relatively unchanged from the first quarter. Refining posted results similar to the last two quarters. The Technology segment continued to report consistent strong earnings. Slide 7 and 8 provide a picture of our cash generation and use. During the second quarter, we generated $1.6 billion from our operations. Our cash and short-term security balance declined by $850 million, as we devoted $2.2 billion to share repurchases and dividends. Capital spending was consistent with our full year guidance of approximately $1.6 billion. During the past 12 months, we generated $5.3 billion in cash from operations and raised $2.5 billion from bond issuances. This cash was devoted to share repurchases and dividends totaling $6.1 billion. Another $1.5 billion went towards capital investment with approximately 50% towards growth projects. I’ll turn things back to Jim for a further discussion of our business results.
Karyn Ovelmen: With regards to the effective tax rate, there is a change in the mix of the earnings floor primarily due to increases in non-taxable income and some internal financing and partially offset by changes in our valuation allowances. Going forward for the remainder of the year, we expect the effective tax rate to be around 28%.
Karyn Ovelmen: Accelerated repurchases versus our buying today. Our view and approach to buyback really hasn’t changed. We had a few more shares that we purchased this quarter than we have historically and that had to do with really just a bit of overlap as we were wrapping up the first 10%, 2013 authorization as we began executing on the second 10%, 2014 authorization.   So, we have outlined that capital strategy and we have been executing on that. Broadly speaking, nothing has really significantly changed in our view of the buyback and oil and gas ratio and our own operating fundamental to drive the strong cash flow remain in place. Our growth plans and actions should grow our future earnings and so we are in a position where we will continue to execute.  We won't speak prospectively as market factors could change, however today no change in our capital deployment policies and we'll continue to report what we have done each quarter on our activity. 
