Doug Pike: Thank you, Michelle. Well, hello and welcome to LyondellBasell's First Quarter 2016 Teleconference. And I'm joined today by Bob Patel, our CEO; Thomas Aebischer, our CFO; and Sergey Vasnetsov, our Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Transactions. Before we begin the business discussion, I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyb.com. I'd also like for you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. And actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. Now for more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are available at www.lyb.com/investorrelations. And reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website at www.lyb.com. And finally, I'd like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2 PM Eastern Time today until 1 AM Eastern Time on May 23rd, by calling 866-513-4385 in the United States and 203-369-1984 outside of the United States. And the pass code for both numbers is 42216. During today's call, we'll focus on first quarter results, the current environment and the near-term outlook. Before turning the call over to Bob, I'd like to call your attention to the non-cash, lower of cost or market inventory adjustments or LCM that we've discussed on past calls. As previously explained, these adjustments are related to our use of LIFO accounting and the recent decline in prices of our raw material and finished goods inventories. And during the first quarter, we recognized LCM charges totaling $68 million, any comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results, excluding the impacts of these LCM inventory charges. With that being said, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Doug Pike: Yes, Jeff I think you're in the right, ballpark and the guidance that we gave before and you see it in the volumes being down, so that's where you see that predominantly. But also, what you found in the first quarter versus fourth quarter was there was a Maya 2-1-1 declined a little bit. So you saw some impact from that and naturally, when you're in a turnaround period, your mix and yields tend to be affected. So there's some impact of that, in that quarter. So it's a combination of those things.
Doug Pike: Hassan, I think the larger changes that you're seeing are really related to the two methanol plants and their output and turnaround in maintenance activity with them. And if you know as you look back, recall in 2014, the channel, the plant didn't run at full capacity. Adjustments were made in 2015, we bring that to full capacity late in 2015. You had the report [ph] turnaround. So I think what you're seeing is basically methanol volumes and maintenance and turnaround schedules.
Doug Pike: And frank, within the volumes as you look at the volumes. If you recall fourth quarter, we had maintenance turnaround at our French, PO plant. So that affects both the propylene oxide and the oxyfuels businesses. And then, we also had the maintenance going on across ethylene glycol and the acetyl. So fourth quarter volumes pretty heavily affected by maintenance. First quarter really reflects all assets up and running. There's a little bit of mix effect across PO. You got to compare it as a global business and as different events occur in the industry, often with other players. Which parts of the globe you're going to be supplying. But in general, I think if you went back over our past five years. The way you see is a typical comment about propylene oxide and derivatives is a very stable quarter-to-quarter profitability.
Bob Patel: Thanks, Doug. Good morning to all of you and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. Let's begin with Slide 4 and review the highlights from the first quarter. Our first quarter diluted earnings per share improved relative with fourth quarter to $2.48 per share with EBITDA of $1.9 billion. This excludes the $68 million lower of cost or market inventory adjustment. The sale of our Argentine subsidiary Petroken resulted in a gain of $78 million, which impacted earnings by $0.18 per share. We continued to deliver with three of our five operating segments improving in profitability relative to the fourth quarter. During the quarter, our downstream integration in polyolefins and other derivatives enabled us to capture profitability as margin moved from monomer into polymers and other downstream products. Our chemical and polymer operations generally ran well across most sides and we completed a planned maintenance turnaround in our refinery. After the close of the quarter, we completed our second Indian polypropylene compounding acquisition. We continued to execute on our financial priorities during the first quarter and Thomas will provide you, with an update on this progress in a few moments. Slide 5 reflects the outstanding safety performance that our employees and contractors achieved during the first quarter of this year, by reducing injuries to almost, the already low rates of the past several years. We strongly believe than an unrelenting focus on safety provides benefits to our operations and ultimately profitability. Good operating reliability across our chemical faculties supports this belief. And now Thomas will discuss our financial highlights for the first quarter.
Bob Patel: Good morning, Steve. First of all, on the European markets and even your question about US. So I think you got to step back and look at operating rates globally. I think, we're in a regime where operating rates are balanced, in that balanced zone to tight zone. In Europe, PE prices have held up well. We think operating rates are relatively high. We're moving into a seasonally strong period. So I suspect that, generally polyolefin prices will be pretty resilient in Europe, for the foreseeable future, going into Q3. In the case of USPP prices, a very large gap had developed between Asia and the US. And we had anticipated that some of that gap would need to be narrowed. Now part of that's happened with Asian polypropylene prices moving up in Q1 and part of that has been with PP price declining some in the US. I think, those things are coming back in the balance. But if you step back, we'll likely land in a zone, where margins are very good from a historical perspective. And I suspect that, given where operating rates are. We should be able to sustain that or for some period of time, you know. In terms of your last question, about exports. Our marginal export from the US, should go to Asia, that's really the destination. To the extent, that we produce products in the US. And we could supplement our production in Europe. We might consider doing that, but we have a big base in Europe already. So we're really well positioned I think to optimize globally. We have a great marketing position in Asia. We have a big presence in Europe and so our shift is really moving more to global optimization in polyolefins, as this new capacity comes on. I think, we're well positioned to capture value in that regard.
Bob Patel: Well, we didn't really quote a number around the maintenance. And I'll look to Doug in minute, but our refining segment results reflected a few things. We came into the year, as an industry here in the US, with pretty high inventories of gasoline. Diesel demand has been struggling, so we saw margins come in. I mentioned the crack spread declined some, one premiums had come in as well. And then in addition to that, we had our crude unit and coker turnaround which took some capacity out during the period. So it was a combination of both.
Bob Patel: It has some, but we think that as we move into the next couple of years. MTO will really be the bigger picture because if you look at Asian capacity expansions on ethylene. I think about half of them are MTO, CTO type of capacity. So more and more I think that last increment will become more of the price setter as we go forward.
Bob Patel: Yes, I think it has been a factor. I think it's been a factor, but it's a combination of that and the need for MTO for new sort of virgin polyethylene, if you will. That's created demand for the virgin polyethylene.
Bob Patel: I think, we're still going to see a pretty balanced type market for some time and there's not really a lot of investment in the Q. And albeit, polymer plants don't take as long, as crackers do to build, it still takes some time to do engineering and get permits and so on. So our expectation is that, the polypropylene market globally should do reasonably well and certainly in the US, operating rates will be fairly high through this year and into next year.
Bob Patel: Yes, I think so. I think styrene has been very resilient. Demand is growing, much like polypropylene. It's been under invested for so many years and we're seeing demand growth in the case of styrene in the last couple of years at reasonable levels. So, we think we're again in that operating rate zone. Where any outages would cause margins to stay relatively strong.
Bob Patel: So if you look at April - May timeframe between - planned our outages are around the 10% range. But I think the shift of that, one cracker turnaround into the fall creates a tighter environment in the fall as well. Now so, our view is that, that with these planned outages being at a higher level now in the fall as well. We see a pretty tight market through Q3 and so far, we see pretty good demand growth, not only in the US, but globally. So, we expect pretty good market conditions through Q3 certainly.
Bob Patel: Well, I think the delays could come from, not only funding but just general project delays from executions as well. I think, Vincent that this, so called second wave of cracker certainly would need to be evaluated and to what degree globally the MTO capacity will come on and. We have in our materials, the operating rates for ethylene and you see based on the current planned production increases in 18, there's a slight dip in operating rates and certainly, some of the delays occurred, it could see a much flatter operating rate curve in that balanced zone. And I think there's a possibility of that, that's an outcome of this lower oil price environment. And we've talked about this in other venues, in other in IR sort of meetings that in a lower oil price environment Greenfield cracker investments looked to high single-digit kind of returns. So I think it's feasible that some of this could get pushed out.
Bob Patel: I think the inventories are at normal level. I don't think they're overly excessive downstream because while there was turnaround season anticipated, oil prices were also dropping. So that caused people not to build too much because maybe there was some expectation, of prices coming down and polyethylene prices did decline earlier in the first quarter and then they moved up recently. So, I don't see Arun. I don't see inventory is being theme here. The bigger theme is, is improving seasonal demand which we typically see in this April - May timeframe not only in US, but globally. And fairly heavy turnaround season here in the US and in Asia.
Bob Patel: It's a refinery there, that you know it's very complex, large scale refinery. It's here in Houston in very prime real estate. We like it, we like the asset and it generates good cash flow that we can deploy elsewhere. I don't think it's a segment where we would aim to grow, but certainly we view it as an important part of the cash generation capability of our company and deploying that cash, elsewhere in other segment that we see as being more strategic perhaps.
Bob Patel: The amount is maybe in the 2% to 3% range. It's not a lot, but it's enough and is needed today to meet that last increment of demand and as I mentioned earlier. If you look forward and you look at the amount of expansion that are planned in Asia, quite a bit of the new capacity is going to be based on MTO and CTO. So I think it's important to think about that becoming a more meaningful slice of demand that will be price setter. And then in terms of operating rates, that's more difficult question to really asses because it's need based right. So, we do know that today MTO is needed and that's really to the extent that I can answer that question.
Bob Patel: Well, we're basic in methanol. VAM, we see as another ethylene derivative. So just kind of bit a high level and we would evaluate VAM, like we would any other ethylene derivative. So, you know that's how we think about it. It's one of our ethylene derivatives.
Bob Patel: Yes, I mean I think certainly that interplayed between ethane, propane and butane as important. and as we come into the summer months, propane and butane tend to price lower and are more abundant here in the US. But let me talk a little bit about ethane and we know, this is a topic that's on a lot of people's mind. If you think about different time horizons. Think about the very near term. We still think, there's a significant amount of rejection that's occurring in the US and some of that nearby the Gulf Coast in some of the shale play like the Eagle Ford and the Permian and so on. So we think in the near-term, there's plenty of ethane available and certainly during this turnaround season. There's a little bit less ethane demand. As we go into the second half of the year in Q3, there's still quite a bit few turnarounds. So I think between that and propane and butane becoming more competitive in the cracker feed slate in the summer month, ethane should do quite well. Longer term, I can't help to think that with all of the reduction in E&P CapEx that eventually, this should be a price response, in oil. And we've seen a bit of that already with fairly big move in oil price recently. And as the oil price moves higher presumably that makes propane and butane more valuable. And likely I think wet gas more desirable to develop. And so we think that, that the crude to gas ratio should be favorable. We think, that wet gas ought to be more desirable to produce and that in the end, that ethane demand increase overtime will be met with more supply and we've seen that in the past, where the midstream space is able to respond pretty quickly. The infrastructure to the west is still fairly scalable. New fractionation capacity can be added very quickly. The capital cycle is far, far less than that for crackers. So in the end, I mean I think if I stand back, I think about there's a plenty of hydrocarbon here and ethane available. It's a matter of degree of advantage and I do think that, Greenfield investment will need to be undertaken more carefully in a $60, $65 oil environment compared to the $100 plus kind of oil environment. So that's how I see ethane, you know short, medium and longer term.
Bob Patel: Yes, I think some of the ethane exports are needed for just feedstocks. I don't - I think they're going to be independent of price and some are more sensitive to price. And the thing you have to look is propane based, ethylene economics in Europe, compared to landed ethane from the US and what economics that would infer about ethylene in Europe. So some of that could change, but again more importantly I think P.J. there will be a reasonable supply response, if ethane prices were to rise and I think fundamentally there's plenty of ethane available and the ability - for ethane to provide a turn on, is a relatively shorter time period then that for ethylene.
Bob Patel: No, it wouldn't close it completely. And frankly, P.J. we'd like to have some merchants positions. It's for us, that's another sort of optimization now that we have. Our ethylene and derivative value chain and as many of you know, we also can convert ethylene and propylene through our metathesis process. So when we think about merchant, we can kind of balance through producing propylene, but our aim longer term, is to have that merchant position somewhere in the 10% to 15% range overtime, and if you think about back in 2013 and 2014, that merchant position clearly served as well as part ethylene prices expanded. And so we'll have those kind periods and we think that, having some merchant position provide the opportunity to optimize the value chain even more.
Bob Patel: Well certainly, and it's difficult to assess unit-by-unit, but again if you step back and you look at demand growth. It seems to me, that more of the demand growth in Asia will be met by, it will be met with MTO-based polyethylene production. And so, today we're kind of in this period of trying to assess how many units are running or not and so on. And I think as we move through this year and go into next year. MTO will be an important part of satisfying their last increment of demand. And will be a more consisted price setter.
Bob Patel: I think, it is turnaround, but that turnaround was a very big turnaround in Q4 and it went a little longer that we had expected. So, I would say Q4 volume was lower even more so than we had expected because of the turnaround and the volumes are sustainable. Our contract portfolio is set up such that, Q1 volumes are kind of what you're expecting.
Bob Patel: We're seeing reasonably good demand growth. I don't think it's anything unusually above trend line. But it's fairly steady from our perspective.
Bob Patel: I think again, it depends on how that balance develops, but if we step back. The way I think about this cycle, whatever it turns out to be. It looks to be fairly shallow. I think there's a few characteristics about what lies ahead that's different then what we've had in the past. In the past decades or past cycles. Now this time, first of all we don't see operating rates dropping into the low 80s, like we've seen in the past. This is kind of around 90% plus or minus depending on timing of capacity expansion, how demand develops as you say. The other thing that I think is very different about this cycle was, the US is positioning in the top quartile of the cost curve. So we're going to run our asset hard. And if you think about the fourth quartile, MTO does become more meaningful, as time goes on. And so to your point, that ought to be more and more the price setter. And as all price rises going into presumably rises, going into 17 and 18. We ought to see, the slope of this cost curve maybe you know inch up some and so, you got to look at margins I think in that context. And also the operating rates, they're going to be on either side of balance. They're not dropping as low as 80%, as they have in the past.
Bob Patel: Well, I'll start with that and then Thomas will supplement certainly. I think, first of all working capital changes. We don't think they're going to significantly - we're not going to be really material with our cash flow development. If you look back at the last 12 months, our free cash flow yield is been about 10%, 11% in that range. They've been double digits for quite some time. So I think our cash flow generation should continue to be pretty strong and Thomas, I don't know if you want to add more.
Bob Patel: Well, there's really no change in our position regarding M&A. I think, I've talked about this entire call, so that we like first of all from a portfolio standpoint. We think that, the O&P and I&D value change provide a very white plain field and then I think, both play to our strengths of running large scale operations, safely, reliability. We know how to manage cost well. We understand cycles and we know, how to do well in all parts of cycle. So as we think about cash flow deployment. And we think about various options and certainly, we study all kinds of alternative. So I don't think our positions has changed on M&A.
Bob Patel: Yes, so in May. Frank, hopefully get approval for this next 10% and we'll commence that program. Our approach is been, we would do these 10% programs up to 18 months kind of timeframe. So, we'll evaluate that, you've seen us increase the pace in Q4, when we thought it was even better value in our shares and so, I think we'll continue to evaluate that.
Bob Patel: Well I&D in terms of Q1, it was really on oxyfuels. We had a couple of things going on there. Seasonally, Q1 is usually weak in terms of margins. And in addition to that, as I mentioned during the refining discussion, when premiums came in, gasoline inventories were high. So it was kind of an unusual period where, in additional to the seasonal impacts. We had some down draft in margins and we kind of see, already we see oxyfuel margins coming back. So that was an important feature, but frankly part of that was offset by pretty good styrene margins and we think those should continue.
Bob Patel: [Indiscernible] fuel, seasonality. I think that's when you boil it down, kind of net-net, that's what it is.
Bob Patel: So, we're progressing that project. We're doing detailed engineering as we speak and we would expect sometime in the first half of next year to make final investment decision, with a projected start-up date of about mid-2020. And that's currently where we on that project, Nils. And we evaluate lot of different scenarios in terms of our cash flow deployment and so on. And so I would say, more broadly I see us being able to support and continue to invest in that project through whatever is ahead of us in the next three four years and in terms of share buybacks, we're always evaluating that as one of our options in deploying cash flows. So when you look further out, I think we're going to continue to develop a variety of options. But remember, our aim is to meaningfully create shareholder value and continue to generate the strong cash flow, that we've been known to generate.
Bob Patel: I think there could be periods where Marcellus ethane is needed, but if you think about the amount of new consumptive capacity that's coming. It's something in that 400,000 barrels per day sort of range, by mid-to-late 18s. But the price of ethane, I think where it also needs to be considered in the context of, propane price in the context of butane price. And also, if Marcellus ethane is needed then you know my view is that, Eagle Ford ethane and Permian and Haynesville is even more profitable because it's much closer to Gulf Coast. So I would imagine that there would some supply response from more closer in production of ethane and the market is out of balance.
Bob Patel: Well I think first of all in terms of naphtha crackers. We're not expecting rationalization either in Europe or in Asia, for naphtha crackers. Most of what was going to get done earlier in the decade. And as far as ethane setting the ethylene price in Europe. I don't think that's going to be the case because I think the mainstream market still kind of settles on naphtha and supply demand and I expect that to continue. But I suspect that those who have the ability to crack something other than imported methane. Then they'll kind of run those economics and they'll import more or less depending on whether ethane based ethylene make sense in Europe or not. I don't think that will become a price setter in Europe.
Bob Patel: Well, I think it's just sort of timing of derivatives and ethylene expansions and when you kind of look at turnarounds and so on, these increments are not that big to change the underlying ethylene supply demand dynamic. So our sense is that, there's still more derivative capacity in the aggregate and that, we ourselves have already a view on, where we're going to place our ethylene. So and longer term, I think we'll see more derivatives come on and some of these cracker start up. So we don't see it quite that dramatic frankly.
Bob Patel: Well, so our polyethylene expansion that we're advancing. We're aiming for sometime in 2019 to have production.
Bob Patel: Okay, well thank you. Well let me just close with few comments before everyone disconnects. I want to just summarize by telling you, little bit about where I think our priorities are for Q2. To me, they're pretty clear. I think we got to get the refinery expeditiously and safely return to normal operation. We have our large turnaround at Corpus Christi and the expansion that will follow. For as I mentioned, we're aiming to start that up in late Q3. And then ultimately, we had a more higher level. Our aim is to really maximize cash flow during this very balanced and tight market environment, not only in the US but globally. From a financial perspective, assuming that we receive shareholder approval will start our fourth 10% share repurchase program in May and so we look forward to updating you on progress on all these items and others in July. Thanks for your continued interest in our company.
