Doug Pike: Well, thank you. Welcome to LyondellBasell's second quarter 2011 teleconference. I'm joined today by Jim Gallogly our CEO; Kent Potter, our CFO; and Sergey Vasnetsov, our Senior Vice President on Strategic Planning and Transactions.  Now before we begin the business discussion. I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.Lyondellbasell.com. I'd also like for you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.  And actual risk could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. For more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our cautionary statements in the presentation slide and our financial reports, which are available at www.LyondellBasell.com/investorrelations.  A reconciliation to non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures together with any other actual disclosures including the earnings release are currently available on our web site www.LyondellBasell.com.  Finally, I would like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 1 p.m. eastern time today until 1 p.m. eastern time on August 29, by calling 800-510-9771 in the United States and 402-334-6800 outside the United States, and the passcode for both numbers is 4765.  During today's call we'll focus on second quarter 2011 performance, the current environment and the near-term outlook.  And with that being said, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
Doug Pike: This is Doug; I had to say remember we also have a very nice business in our polypropylene compound in there, so we got some price where we add some real value down to the propylene chain. Guys, one thing I want to say is, as we only got about 12 or 15 minutes left. So we will have to move pretty quick as we have a fairly long queue of questions. Be respectful of everybody's time.
Doug Pike: Yes, the timing was very good for us. As far as the metaphysis unit actually part of this whole major turnaround activity at Channelview involved in the metaphysis unit and some of C4 recovery. So we had a pretty big activity and turnaround and we saw the impact there.
Doug Pike: But it’s a very important asset as you point out. It’s capable of making lot of money in this environment.
Doug Pike: Guys, I'm looking at time and I’m going to apologize and we'll try to take a couple of more questions, I am afraid we will have to all switch for today.
Jim Gallogly: Thank you for joining our earnings call. As Doug mentioned, a set of presentation slides accompany this call and are available on our web site. Let's begin by turning to page four to review a few financial highlights. Second-quarter results were strong. In fact, it was the best quarter that we've ever posted with earnings per share of $1.38. Our year-to-date earnings per share were $2.56, a very nice start to the year. Adjusted for various items noted in our earnings release this increases to $2.74 per share.  Our second-quarter EBITDA surpassed $1.5 billion, bringing the first half EBITDA to almost $3 billion. Not only did we have a great first half and a record second-quarter, we also had a nice balance across the period. Our portfolio performed well month-to-month. This was due in part to solid operations during the quarter. We finished our largest turnaround in company history at Channelview, a major activity during which we had more than 2000 contractors on-site at the peak. The plant restarted in late June and is operating well. This scheduled downtime negatively impacted our EBITDA by about $75 million.  We also had about two weeks of unscheduled downtime at our Morris, Illinois site. The downtime was tossed by multiple lightning strikes at the facilities of our third-party power provider. This adversely impacted a quarter results by approximately $25 million. Good, steady operations generally go hand in hand with good safety performance. On page 5, you can see that our safety performance continues to be excellent. However, within the quarter we experienced a number of isolated and generally minor injuries. To help bring focused to safety, we held our second company contractor and supplier Global Safety Day. All of our 50 plus sites participated in this event. Our company goal is safety perfection. In summary, we had a great quarter.  Via investments and our assets and our systematic approach to all aspects of our business we have made great progress and established a solid foundation. The first half of the year was a good example and performance that will build upon.  Let me now turn the call over to Kent to discuss our financial performance.
Jim Gallogly: Yes, P.J. let me comment on that. We had mentioned that there was a little bit of softness at the end of the period. You recall that we previously indicated that we significantly changed our polyethylene portfolio. A couple of years ago, we were exporting about 30% of which about half was to Asia. Today, we export very little from the United States to Asia, of course our Middle East production primarily goes to Asia. We export 10% to 15% generally the South America and that continues. So some of that softness in Asia that we saw didn’t impact as that much in the U.S. simply because we repositioned our slim patterns.
Jim Gallogly: Well, first, I want to point out that our primary emphasis will be on the de-bottlenecks of our existing assets. We’ve got some very large, very competitive crackers already at Channelview and at La Porte and we’re seeing the opportunity to significantly de-bottleneck those plants.  Those brownfield type investments will have much better returns we believe than Greenfield. So we’re looking first and foremost to de-bottlenecks, and when I say the bottlenecks, potentially fairly significant de-bottlenecks. As I said, these could be absolutely world-class crackers in size. So that work is ongoing. We’re doing it at very fast pace. We’re expecting to get some detailed engineering soon, so that’s moving ahead full speed. We’re also looking at potentially Greenfield investments. After the announcement we made last quarter in the earnings call, we’ve already been contacted by a couple of parties and said, you’d make a great partner, maybe we ought to discuss this. We will look at those opportunities. We’ll see what the economics are and then decide from that point. But again, the priority is first and foremost on the highly leveraged de-bottlenecks.
Jim Gallogly: Bob, that’s a good point. At this point in time, ethane prices are elevated that’s in part because most of the large crackers are running well. There are a actually a few smaller crackers at this moment that have hiccups that are working through a few issues. But generally, because everybody is running pretty hard, that balance favors the folks that are fractionating. Now when we get into the heavier turnaround season that we expect this fall that is likely to change.  Having said all of that, we remain open to the concept if necessary of building billing own fractionation. We know that there is some capacity that’s coming on about 40,000 barrels per day from enterprise. We think comes on late in December, target's got another 40,000 barrels per day, I think, early in the second quarter. There are some various things that I have talked about in Marcellus, maybe 2012 and over 100,000 barrels per day. So we see quite a bit of capacity coming in, but we remained open to good financial opportunities for the company.
Jim Gallogly: We'd be saying that we would generally spend about $1 billion a year in base capital and modest growth. As we start to work these other projects that’s going to increase. And I would expect that we ramp up may be a couple of hundred million dollars next year and then we’ll see after that depending upon the size of these projects that we’re looking at.  There are various things that we’re considering and overall still for those cracker de-bottlenecks, we talked about the propylene oxide expansion, most of this heavy spending doesn’t happen in the first or second year, it happens after you get the permits and a couple of years after that. So for the next year or two, you won’t see a significant ramp up, but you will see a ramp up.
Jim Gallogly: Well the things that we're looking in the United States are wholly owned assets other than a potential kind of cracker that of course should be in the partnership by definition. In Asia and in the Middle East, several of those facilities as Kent mentioned have already been de-bottleneck, they are well positioned to go ahead and as NASA in Asia becomes more comparative there's this cycle starts to turn in our favor. Those will run at higher capacities and that’s all upside. We would like to be bottomed like some in the Middle East, but it will depend on feedstock availability. The Middle East as you know is extremely competitive, there is opportunity for us to do things there, but we have to get a feedstock allocation and I know we and our partners talk about that with the authorities on a regular basis.
Jim Gallogly: That’s going to be a tough thing to do Duffy but I’ll tell you how I think about it. First, one of the reasons our company is pursuing the de-bottlenecking is because those can be executed quicker and the first guys done are going to be in the best position. And so, we’re working that very, very hard and with full emphasis with our engineering team and our external contractors. We would like to be one of the very early movers. There has been some of the announcements, if you look at kind of what’s been done or what’s been talked about, some of those, I call those lines in the sand, they’re telling as they may come, but that’s another way of saying we like to talk to people about product. And so, we'll just see. I really can’t handicap it, but some of the projects would be so late and in the cycle that by the time they got going, they’ll probably miss some of the early benefit.
Jim Gallogly: Yeah, I’m not going to call 280 at this point in time. But we have demonstrated the ability to do it. It depends on what crudes are running and a few other things and how we’re configuring the back end. But I think the great news is that we’re showing we really know how to be the company that refines again. You can see in the operations that we’re are lining things out, we’re lot smarter in the way that we’re buying crudes and selling finished products. And the margins have improved significantly in that business, but we’ve outperformed the general industry and you see it in our results. And I’m extremely proud to be saying that last year I kept making excuses for this refinery and said trust me it’ll get better, and now I’m able to tell you we’re demonstrating that.
Jim Gallogly: Well, I’ll just say that the last opportunity that was available, we decided not to pursue, if that helps. It’s always about value for our shareholders and we didn’t see the opportunity as being accretive to the level, thought we other opportunities for it.
Jim Gallogly: Andy, I think, my impression is, the things you’re really slowing down with the exception of those this week’s announcement by one of our competitors. The Middle East is much slower because frankly they don’t have all the standard ethane available and the newer projects don’t have the same economics of the ones that were done previously, in my view, and I personally been responsible for building a lot of those plants.  In Asia, there is going to continue to be some expansion, but most of the forecast we see, most of the announcement says that the pace is reasonably slow and everybody is really cranked up right now. We’re in very, very good shape for the next years and that’s why we think we have such a bright future in part. We think it’s going to ramp up very slowly and the big growth in the Middle East is just not going to be what it used to be.
Jim Gallogly: Let me figure it out, we said it was a $41 million gain, it was about a 55 million – $60 million sale.
Jim Gallogly: Well, in terms of the accounting we do put the JV dividends into the segments that managed our interest in those joint ventures most of them primarily are in OMPO, EAI.
Jim Gallogly: Yeah. In terms of what’s repeatable in terms of crude oil slate and all I would say that the general conditions that we experienced in the first half of the year in terms of crude purchasing seem to be continuing on into this third quarter and hopefully reasonable period of time, so we expect to do well on refining.
Jim Gallogly: Thank you. All right well as we ramp up, I’d like to reinforce a couple of points. First, we truly are making progress on our fronts. The results have been very good. We just reported our best ever quarter. We think the recent soft patch is just that kind of a (inaudible) thing, where inventories readjust. We’re beginning to have growth plans, we’re investing in our assets, getting our turnarounds done. We’ve also begun to return cash to our shareholders, due to payment of our first dividend.  And we're continuing to repay debt. We’re very happy to have a full board in place. We’re looking very much forward to the discussions on our financial plans, our growth projects with the new members of the board and the existing members. We’re able to turn our attention now to the future and to new opportunities. I said a year ago that we had to earn the right to grow. We think we’ve done that. We think we’re starting to operate like a very, very good company on the way to becoming the best in the industry. We feel good about our results in the first half of the year particularly good about this quarter. We very much thank you for your support and look forward to the next quarter. Thank you.
Kent Potter: Well, some of that is changing, one of issues that we’re seeing on these joint ventures, start-up pass all the completion tests and all that, we generally have been successful in refinancing. And so some of that is changing in the case of (inaudible) we’ll be doing that I think. So, no I really can’t give you those numbers today.
Kent Potter: Yeah, Don, first in terms of why we ran so light. At this moment in time, there is reasonable balance between light and heavy because of the strong, strong value of the co-products. We did have OP-2 down and that had a pretty significant influence. As you know that’s a very, very flexible cracker and we’ll run quite a few of the furnaces on heavies to take advantage of that co-product pricing. So you correctly analyzed that. In terms of the Midwest, we’ve done some turnaround work there last year at Morris. And other than the lightning strike that hurt us this last quarter that unit is running very, very well. We’ve set new production records time after time after time to the point now where we’re looking at de-bottlenecking the polyethylene. So the unit itself following this turnaround, some of the things we’ve done, really is helping us there. Now Clinton we’re doing some furnace work, improving efficiencies that will help us on energy as well as yield structure. So again, those are the kinds of de-bottlenecks that do nothing, but good for you, very low capital and really nice returns. And so modest things there, but still given the spreads, pretty impressive.
Kent Potter: Yes, well, first on that the general propylene molecule and the polypropylene, we have to talk geographies there and as you know in the Middle East we have (inaudible) feedstock situation. So those economics will remain very, very robust. In Asia and in Europe things remain about the same simply because people continue to crack naphtha and so the balance between ethylene and propylene isn’t that different. Now, I would like to point out that we buy propylene fairly well in Europe, because of the size that we have or so net short and that some people get some standard propylene and we’ve been pretty good at buying that molecule.  Now in the United States, which is I think where your primary question is because of light cracking the propylene molecules has been very short as caused polypropylene to be more expensive than polyethylene and there has been some product substitution, that will normalize itself out. Overtime, we’ve reacted to it, the volumes have fallen some that we’ve been able now to adjust and get some decent margins. You saw our margins went up a little bit just last quarter in polypropylene, but the value will be primarily in propylene I think versus polypropylene and the near term. And in terms of the consolidation in the industry Brascan has been there in the past and are good competitor and they are very large, we are very large and we’ll enjoy competition.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Great. Thank you Jim.
Kent Potter: Let me take the tax question first, it sounds easier. In the US, we remain largely where we were before and just as I mentioned before, it’s really not going to change too much. We lost pretty much our attributes during the bankruptcy. So our cash taxes are pretty much the book taxes in the US. In the rest parts of the world, first of all we have large debts to rates in some places and some of our profits aren't taxed, at least on our books as you see like I was talking rather than the joint ventures. But and another place also, we’re not effected by bankruptcy our European operations, we still have significant temporary differences between book and tax. So there will be a still some differences.
Kent Potter: Doug raises a good point. We do have what might we called another temporary difference, and we did not lose all of our interest deductions in bankruptcy. But those will be reported to deferred tax accounting, so we will be okay. On the Berre refinery, we continue to have losses at that facility. European refinery industry is reasonably challenged in general at this moment time and our asset has run on purpose at lower volumes to minimize the losses. As we’ve announced in the past that asset is for sale. That process is in the early days and so we'll see how it continues on. I would like to point out if we are unsuccessful in selling the asset, it is a possibility we could shut that refinery down and run our cracker or low-density unit and polypropylene unit on the stand-alone basis.
Kent Potter: Well, I’m not sure if I’d talk about market share but I will say that there is a pretty heavy turnaround schedule expected in September and October of this year. We generally don’t look at that as market share because it’s transitory but we think it should make the market very, very firm at that point in time and we’ll go ahead that we have OP-2 done already. Now, come spring there’s going to be an extremely heavy turnaround schedule including the OP-1 or other cracker Channelview. So things are getting very tight then.
Kent Potter: Well, generally that’s transitory. We don’t really think about it in terms of gaining market share on a permanent basis. As you may know, we contracted our long ethylene position to third parties. And so while we’re in the spot market, that’s not a market, we depend on per se. So in these kind of opportunities, we’ll consider where we can make the best money. You remember, last year we quit making some polyethylene to sell some extremely valuable ethylene. And so we do those kinds of things in short periods of time to optimize the benefit to of our shareholders.
Kent Potter: Yes, we could but it’s actually what Bob was asking his question on debt financing we have to depreciate it, some of the big ones the ones that are materially impacting us or have recent debt that is being paid down and things are changing. We could take their EBITDA but we have to make sure that their reporting is on an US. GAAP basis. So there is a lot of complexities there but it is something that we thought about. This is the way we’ve done it because it represents cash and is equivalent to our cash but that is the thought, maybe we should take that under consideration.
Kent Potter: No, well it’s number of things; it’s a number of things. In our business we have significant first quarter cash payments related to bonuses, rebates, very heavy rebate operations, our insurance premium, there is just a number of first quarter effects. And in our case, we also paid a significant contribution to our pensioned plan. So I think it was more a function of the timing of our cash payments in our annual cycle.
Kent Potter: Yeah, so I would so in fact one could argue that, that we’re making accruals in two, three, and four quarter that we’ll have to be paid in the first quarter.
Kent Potter: Yeah, Bill that’s a bit difficult to project, but in the pattern that we saw was fairly typical. When oil prices start to fall people wonder if the polymer prices will also fall, so they start to destock inventories. They did that, the volumes fell a bit. We’ve already seen we’re intensified buying in Asia, it’s ramping up and typically that same kind of a pattern happens in the United States and in Europe. And so it's starting to gain a bit of momentum, we’re seeing a little picking up at the markets, but there was a soft patch and we will just see the duration of it. We’re optimistic that this was inventory destocking influenced by a temporary reduction, but inventories are a recently below.
Kent Potter: People who made announcements, I would say with the general once. As everybody knows, you just don’t build capacity; you have to have a derivative behind it. And we’re a very, very good competitor in polypropylene and polyethylene and we’re leading technology. So people think about what they might want to do downstream with the cracker and we come to their mind fairly quickly in many instances. So it’s not things that I had announce as things have been talked about in the press already.
