David Kinney: Thank you, Britany. Hello and welcome to LyondellBasell’s fourth quarter 2019 teleconference. I'm joined today by Bob Patel, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mike McMurray, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin the business discussion, I would like to point out that a slide presentation of the company's today’s call is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com. Today, we will be discussing our business results while making references to some forward-looking statements, and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions and the alternative measures are useful to investors. Nonetheless, the forward-looking statements are subject to significant risk and uncertainty. We encourage you to learn more about the factors that could lead our actual results to differ by reviewing the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our regulatory filings which are available at www.lyondellbasell.com/investorrelations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures together with other disclosures including the earnings release are also currently available on our website. Finally, I would like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2:00 PM, Eastern Time today until 11:59 PM, Eastern Time on March 2, by calling 800 759 4057 in the United States; and 402 998 0479, outside the United States. The pass code for both numbers is 1160. During today's call, we will focus on the fourth quarter and full-year results, the current environment our near-term outlook, and provide an update on our growth initiatives. With that being said, I would now like to turn call over to Bob.
David Kinney: Kevin, this is Dave. That table that you're referring to is actually the net transaction price from IHS. It’s not the contract price per se for polyethylene discount.
David Kinney: Yeah, Arun, just to give you a sense of scale in 2019 our flex profitability was about half of what it might have been in 2018 and as Bob said in the fourth quarter it was very, very small.
David Kinney: All right. So I think that was the last question that we had. So, let me offer a few closing remarks before we sign off. So, our company's proven and continuous focus on operational excellence, cost management and disciplined capital allocation think will serve us really well in this current challenging environment. We anticipate typical seasonal improvements for our businesses as we've progressed through the year, favorable resolution of trade policies and a rebound in industrial demand could potentially provide significant upside for many of our businesses. As I've mentioned several times in the Q&A, IMO 2020 is expected to increase earnings in our refinery. We see increasing polyethylene volumes from our new Hyperzone investment. And I think generally, we're really well poised as a company to deliver and continue our outstanding track record of cash generation in this year to come. So, we thank you for your interest in our company and look forward to updating you in April at the end of the first quarter. Thank you and with that, have a great weekend. We are adjourned.
Bob Patel: Thank you, Dave, and good day to all of you who participating around the world. We appreciate you joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and full-year results for 2019. Let's begin with slide 3 and review some highlights. In 2019, LyondellBasell’s businesses extended our outstanding track record of cash generation by delivering $5 billion of cash from operating activities. Over the past six years, our resilient business portfolio has steadily produced $5 billion to $6 billion of cash each year under a variety of oil prices and macroeconomic conditions. Our company's focus on operational excellence cost management and technology-driven growth has proven that we have an advantage across a range of business climates. 2019 earnings were $9.58 per share with $5.7 billion of EBITDA. This represents a decline of approximately 20% and 17%, respectively, relative to the prior year. Despite healthy consumer-driven demand, our profitability was impacted by soft industrial demand has trade uncertainty, regulatory changes and a weak environment for capital investment challenge the automotive industry and other durable goods markets for our products. Our global asset footprint and operational flexibility enabled us to adapt to changes in trade lines by continuing to leverage the advantage of abundant, low-cost natural gas liquids has be stopped for production from both our American operations and our Middle East joint ventures. Our technology business achieved record revenues from licensing plan designs to support growth in China resulting in the most profitable year in company history for this segment. Before we get further into the results, I would like to introduce our Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Michael McMurray. Michael brings extensive knowledge and perspective to the company after working in finance, Investor Relations, treasury and as a CFO over the course of more than 30 years. I'm looking forward to Michael providing our finance and strategy groups with the leadership and will drive our continued success. Michael, welcome to LyondellBasell.
Bob Patel: Thanks, Michael. Let's turn to slide 4 and review our approach to maximizing the returns from our cash generation. Over the past year, we continue to actively manage our business portfolio with values driven growth investments to develop opportunities around the world. On the US Gulf Coast, we completed construction of our new hyperzone polyethylene plant and increased activity to build our PO/TBA. As hyperzone production ramps up this year and the PO/TBA plant reaches completion next year. Both projects will provide growth in volumes and profitability that will further increase our capacity for cash generation. The box on the right summarizes work to expand our footprint in the rapidly growing Asian market during 2019. We announced that our joint venture in Thailand will begin construction of their fourth polypropylene plant that will re-establish their position as the largest polypropylene producer in Southeast Asia. In September, we signed an MoU with Bora to build an integrated cracker in Northeast China. And in December, announced our intention to expand our existing partnership with Sinopec to build a second propylene oxide and styrene monomer plant also in China. All of these projects leverage LyondellBasell technologies in our core businesses to extend our positions and expand in the world's fastest growing markets. With the disciplined investments, we are achieving growth, while providing substantial returns for shareholders. On Slide 5, you can see that our company has maintained our focus on delivering top quartile safety performance. As we integrated the employees, contractors and assets from the A. Schulman acquisition in 2019, we were able to reduce the injury rate at these facilities by more than 50% relative to the prior year. Our goal remains zero injuries. We're diligently working to ensure all our employees, contractors, assets and the communities in which we operate, finish the day in the same or better condition than when they started. In October 2019, we announced the latest step in our progress to utilize plastic waste in the circular economy. We're building a power plant facility at our research center in Ferrara, Italy to develop our proprietary MoReTec technology to convert mixed plastic waste continue into polymers. As shown on slide 6, MoReTec will use catalyzed hydrolysis to convert plastic wastes into hydrocarbons that can be used as feedstocks to produce new plastics from existing olefins crackers and polymerization plants. We will develop more technology in our pilot facility and optimize a tour to commercial scale. More tech is complimentary to lined up Lyondell the existing mechanically recycled product business that relied upon clean and sorted waste streams. Together with our bio based succulent polymers, our company now has three technologies that are advancing the business of succulent plastics. With that I'll turn the call over to Michael who will lead us through several topics relating to our financial performance.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Good morning, Matthew. Thanks for your question. On refining, the HSFO, we are able to run supplemental feed typically when we've cut back on crude run rates for a variety of reasons. So we can run between 20,000 and 40000 barrels a day of additional HSFO and I would say in a typical month, maybe that contributes $5 million to $9 million of additional EBITDA. So that gives you a sense for contribution and we did do some of that fact in January because we had some external events that caused some downtime on one of our crude units and some internal issues so we were able to buy some HSFO. The margins were pretty good. So, we do use that as an optimization tool.
Bob Patel: Yes, Steve. Good morning. Well first of all, we’ve not exported as much generally as the industry has in years past and 2019 is no different. We did increase exports in 2019 as the year progressed, but we're still well below the industry average. And we're probably at a run rate of around 30% of our polyethylene that's exported. And of that, maybe 5% of it goes to China. And that could move up some next year – this year in 2020, as we start up our Hyperzone plant and balance our system. Your question about self-sufficiency, based on IHS data and our analysis of that data, it seems that China will continue to need large amounts of imports of polyethylene and that short still is incrementally growing over the next decade. Now it's not growing as much as we thought maybe two, three years ago, but there's still a significant short in China on polyethylene.
Bob Patel: Okay. So, good morning, Kevin. On your question about single-use plastics, I think we’ll have to see how that announcement plays out. Whether it’s in China or Europe or the US, one of the challenges is there aren’t really readily available substitutes for many of the applications for single-use plastics. So, in the near term, Kevin, I don’t expect significant impact on demand over, let’s say, the next three to five years. I think, post five years, I think we'll have to kind of watch and see how recycling shapes up and how chemical recycling develops and the technology develops. But in the near to medium term, I don't expect a lot of impact especially because there aren't really obvious substitutes for those applications. Your question on price from Q4 to Q3, several factors, I think first of all, as I said earlier, as the year progressed, we export more as an industry, and frankly, as a company. And so that mix of domestic versus export probably had some impact. And also, new supply came on. We saw demand actually come off because of destocking and seasonality. So tons of pressure in Q4. We've already seen some of that reverse. For example, posted spot polyethylene prices have already come up $0.03 to $0.04 since early December based on different publications that we follow. So we're already seeing some of that reverse.
Bob Patel: Polypropylene demand growth, Jeff, has been similar to polyethylene demand growth. It's been impacted a little bit because of the slowdown in automotive and generally in the industrial sector. Polypropylene as more end uses in those sectors. Would we still see a reasonable – a reasonably good market environment in polypropylene, something that we'll certainly watch as new capacity comes in 2020. But overall, we see polypropylene growth developing reasonably well.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Thanks, Arun. It does move around quite a lot. As you can imagine, depending on poly – sorry, propylene price and the spread between propylene and ethylene. Generally speaking, if in Q4 and you look at all of our major product areas they really declined through the quarter and have reached kind of these tough conditions and propylene is an example of that. So, in Q4 when we had really minimal contribution from our flex unit mainly as a result of lower propylene price. So as that reverses we should see better contribution from ethylene and into propylene. It does this – it moves around quite a lot and it's something that we factor into our optimization because we think about how we deploy the ethylene we produce.
Bob Patel: Okay. Yeah. Good morning, Duffy. Thanks for that question. So you will recall in our prior discussions about IMO what we've said is there are two primary benefits from IMO for us. One is that the light heavy differential would get wider which favors our refinery and the distillate spreads would increase because of the value of this sulfur, a bunker fuel. So one of the two have shown some signs of improvement. The light heavy differential is improved by about $3 a barrel over the past 90, 60-90 days or so compared to what we saw most of last year. So we're starting to see a bit of response on that. And you can see it in the numbers, they’re not terrific but they're getting better. On the distillate side, there’s been a couple of factors that have actually kept distillate crack spreads down or they’ve’ actually – they’ve reduced in the last 60 days. One is I think, we probably – we all underestimated the amount of inventory of compliant fuel that was built before year-end. To your point, there was a concern about would there be enough and I think perhaps, there was more than enough. And so there's a bit of overhang, which will be worked through. So I think, I see that as a temporary situation. Secondly, we've had a really mild winter, so distillate values have come down because there hasn't been as much demand for heating. Again, I think a seasonal effect. So to summarize in terms of IMO, I think that the effect will be – it’s somewhat delayed, but we are expecting some improvement in the refinery profitability as a result IMO. Your question about portfolio, again, our focus has been very consistent; run the refinery as well as possible, try to optimize on the product side so that we can maximize value and we're continually focused on that. And we'll see how things play out longer term. Thank you.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Good morning, Vincent. Really good question, I think, and this is really at the crux of sort of why we think we're reaching trough conditions in polyethylene globally. As you rightly mentioned, margins today appear to be below cash costs. So you would think there would be negative earnings on many of these units, not just the highest cost, but probably deep into the cost curve. I've been following this business for many years, including when I lived in Asia more than 10 years ago. And typically when you fall below 300, it's not just a few marginal crackers but many are underwater. My sense is that typically it takes perhaps a quarter or two of these sorts of conditions for there to be meaningful reduction in output or idling of capacity. We're nearing that stage, in my opinion, and it seems to me that we should see some bounce. And as I said earlier, if you look at -- posted export prices of polyethylene from mid-December to mid-January, they have moved somewhat. So again, I think, these are all signs of trough conditions and there should be some bounce off of these really, really unusual loans.
Bob Patel: Yeah, good morning. We're working diligently to move towards definitive agreements. We expect to have those completed within the first half of this year. In terms of the project’s start-up, they're making really great progress. And I would expect that we'll be in the commissioning stage towards the end of this year for that project. I think that's one of the one of the attractiveness to us of this project is that by the time we're in a position to infuse equity into the venture, we'll be within months of start-up. So the timing between our investment and timing of start-up is very short. We derisked quite a lot of that project in our view as a partner.
Bob Patel: Good morning, P.J. Indeed, it's one of the sort of attractions to us is that, first of all, that that project is going to produce product for the local market. So, we don't intend to export. I think it’ll give us a really good window into how the market works there as well. And as you said timing and cost of construction. In terms of the cost, they are between half and two thirds that of Gulf Coast builds and also timing very similar somewhere between half and two-thirds of the time that's required to build on the Gulf Coast. And the Bora project is certainly in that range relative to the US cost and timing.
Bob Patel: Sure. Thanks, Bob. First of all, on CapEx, you'll recall at that Investor Day, we had a few things we highlighted. First of all, sustaining capital of about $1 billion to $1.1 billion, frankly, we don't plan to change that. We want to make sure that our units are well-maintained and are able to operate when we need them at full rates. And because of our dividend coverage, we don't have to do that. We're in a position where we're able – we have a well-covered dividend without having to take those sorts of steps. Secondly, our CapEx is declining because the Hyperzone project is essentially complete. And so that that capital comes off. So we have somewhere around $300 million to $400 million reduction in CapEx from 2019 to 2020. And then, if you look further out, we'll see another reduction after the PO/TBA project starts up. I think the key for us is to really be thoughtful about how we think through future projects, be very disciplined as we've shown, and I see great opportunity on both sides of the equation to increase cash flow. We see sources of new earnings and we see CapEx declining. That story remains intact as we discussed in Investor Day.
Bob Patel: Yes. Good question. And I think first of all within your low density – sorry low density polyethylene supply being less on an absolute basis, the demand growth is also lower for low density polyethylene. So, when I think about high density polyethylene which is the majority of what we produce, we do see that the supply is coming on generally when the demand is there as well. If we see periods of oversupply it's episodic as opposed to structural. So, my sense is that as we work our way through digesting the new supply in 2020 globally then we'll have to see how the timing works out on the future projects. Even in China, some of the projects have been later than they were first announced, so and we're going through startup of our Hyperzone plant right now and if we don't reach full capacity on the first day that we put hydrocarbon in, so these things have a certain ramp up rate, which generally is not reflected in IHS numbers. But I'm somewhat constructive that I think we're – we've reached the bottom and we're bouncing off of the lows in Q4 and we'll see how demand develops here.
Bob Patel: Yes. Good morning, Mike. Thanks for that question. Indeed, I think we did hold up well. And in our prepared comments, I mentioned that the Oxyfuels business did well. So, first of all, I think the diversity in our portfolio and that some of these products are at different points in their individual cycles that helps in delivering consistent and strong cash flow. But I think through sources of earnings upside, first of all, start-up of our new Hyperzone polyethylene plant, as I said we're in the process of start-up right now. And so, we should have – we hope to have production by month-end. So, once that plant is up and running and as Q2 progresses, we start to produce target grade rate that should start to contribute earnings. Also our APS integration work, the integration of A. Schulman continues. We're doing really well run rate synergies at the end of December, we’re at about $130 million annualized. So, we're doing quite well on that. And we should continue to see benefits. The automotive sector has been really depressed globally. And frankly, that hit our legacy compounding business because it was mostly automotive. Any rebound in automotive is going to help that segment. And in our view, with all of our integration work I think we're laying the groundwork for really capitalizing on small improvements. Furthermore, IMO, I talked about that earlier, while we've been disappointed that we haven't seen some response yet, we do believe we will see it. Into Q2, we should see the benefits of IMO in terms of better cracks and even wider light-heavy differential. So those are some examples of earnings upside, if you will, that don't really rely on polyethylene market getting better per se. And also when you think about cash flow or the lower CapEx this year, should be positive as well.
Bob Patel: Sure. Good morning, Frank. First of all, that joint venture is more about deal and less about SM. So it's really a driver for us to invest was propylene oxide, we see a growing market there over time. We have a great partner in Sinopec, an existing relationship that we're building upon. They have great operational capability as well as capability to build plants, low cost. So, in styrene, the styrene wasn't the reason we did this, we’re undertaking this project. But on the other hand, we believe that in Asia certainly there's still some growth in styrene and we can place that volume when that plant starts up. So, more about fuel, less about styrene but comfortable that we can place the styrene and have considered in our economics the value of styrene.
Bob Patel: Good morning, David. First of all as I mentioned earlier, the spot price has moved up post, on a posted basis right? So $0.03 to $0.04 depending on which publication you read. I think that says that if there’s some underpinning for that increase. Secondly inventories as reported by HCC IHS indicate that inventories are low as producer level anecdotally we believe that the converter level, inventories are also low. We should see a seasonal uptick we do every year and I don't see why this year should be any different. And so, some seasonal uptick should help. Lastly, something that perhaps isn't on everyone's radar that the turnaround season is pretty heavy this year. They’re much heavier than last year on crackers in the US so we could see ethylene be tighter in during the turnaround season as a result of the higher level of capacity that's out. So I think all of those things point towards reasonable chances of improvements.
Bob Patel: Hey Jonas, I think my comment at one of the earlier questions related to I think it was Vincent who asked me about Asian PE margins. My comment was more that those margins should come up from – from sort of below the breakeven point where they are today. I don't know that necessarily that's going to come from naphtha dropping. I mean it could be that price rises and that's why the margins improve. So if I express the view on naphtha that was not intentional. My view was more about the fact that Asian PE naphtha spreads seem – seem untenable based on historic and data. And you know my sense is that those margins need to expand some, so that they’re not cash-negative for a significant part of the industry over there.
Bob Patel: Yes, Bhavesh, first of all, in our Technology segment, there are two components, there’s catalyst and then there’s licensing. So the catalyst business is very steady, and as we do these licenses, our catalyst business steadily grows. That part isn’t very volatile and there’s definitely an upward slope in terms of earnings and one that accrues for many years to come. And the licensing side, it’s much more variable. It depends on timing of payments and licenses we win. Your point is correct, and that we’ve been participating in many of these projects that you -- that are announced in China, primarily. But likely, the licensing side of the business will cool off some in 2020. We do expect some lower earnings from that segment. And yet, on the other hand, as the license plants start up, our catalysts turning should steadily increase over time. And that's really a great part of that Technology businesses is that provides stability of cash flow.
