Bob Patel: Thanks Dave. Good day to all of you participating around the world, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. Let's begin with Slide 3 and review the highlights. During the first quarter, our Company demonstrated strong operational performance and moved forward on our value-driven growth strategy by advancing our business portfolio and delivering on synergies. Sales volumes for our Olefins & Polyolefins, Europe, Asia and International business increased to levels seen during the first and second quarters of 2018, while profitability improved to regain some of last year's margin compression, more than doubling our fourth quarter EBITDA for that segment. Across the Company, five of our six business segments improved upon fourth quarter profitability. First quarter earnings were $2.19 per share, which represents a 22% improvement over the previous quarter. We continue to actively manage our business portfolio by acquiring a synthesis gas plant in La Porte, Texas. This acquisition included a minority interest in our former methanol joint venture at the site. The same gas plant converts natural gas into raw materials that we use in the production of methanol and acetic acid. We expect the transaction will provide synergies and operational efficiencies to generate accretive returns and materially exceed LyondellBasell's high standards for investment. In the seven months since we closed on our acquisition of A. Schulman in 2018, our synergy capture increased to an $85 million annual run rate by the end of the first quarter. This represents more than half of the annual synergies we initially expected to realize within two years. These synergies are becoming apparent in our advanced Polymer Solution's profitability and we anticipate exceeding our initial $150 million annual synergy target. Our organic growth program is in full swing with our new hyper-zone polyethylene technology approaching a third quarter start up in La Porte and considerable progress underway on construction of the world's largest propylene oxide and tertiary butyl alcohol plant at our sites in Channelview and Bayport in Texas. This new capacity from these investments will serve global market's growing demand for polyethylene, polyurethanes and transportation fuels. As we continue our evaluation of the potential transaction with Braskem, the Company remains committed to a strong and progressive dividend while pursuing opportunistic share repurchases. LyondellBasell returned an additional $884 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the first quarter. All of our capital allocation decisions are guided by our commitment to be a solid investment grade Company. Two years ago, at our Investor Day in New York, we described how LyondellBasell's resilient business portfolio and a more balanced approach to capital deployment would provide strong shareholder returns while also supporting long-term value driven growth. I'm pleased to report that during the first quarter, employees of our Company continued to deliver on these promises and advance the strategy. Each year marks a fresh start for tracking safety performance and 2018 will be the first full year where our metrics include the 20-plus percent of our workforce who joined LyondellBasell with the Schulman acquisition. Prior to the acquisition in 2018, Schulman's injury rate was 1.54, seven to eight times higher than typical LyondellBasell performance. On Slide 4, you can see that our first quarter combined safety performance is quite similar to the record setting levels we achieved for the full year 2018. As you know, we strongly believe that safety performance is a leading indicator of strong operational results. The rapid improvement in these safety metrics provides further evidence of the deep and robust integration management process underway within LyondellBasell. All employees want to go home to their families safely and we're grateful for the sense of ownership displayed by our employees and their frontline supervisors. We look forward to driving further improvements towards our goal of injury free operations. And now, Thomas will provide more detail on our financial highlights for the first quarter.
Bob Patel: So we've continued to see demand grow sequentially in all of our products. I think what's been more noticeable is that because Q4 was so weak. We're seeing now the seasonal uptick in for example polyethylene and polypropylene globally. And that is more typical of the kind of demand we would expect at this time of year. And as I mentioned, in EAI the volumes are already back to levels that we saw in Q1 and Q2. So we're seeing very typical volumes, now that we're into the spring months.
Bob Patel: Well, on the back of my earlier comment about volume improving, it would seem to me that, seasonally stronger period markets are to be much former. I think some industry consultants have pointed towards potential increases in Q2. And if you think about it, we're talking about flat to higher prices during a period when a historic build-out of new capacity is coming. And is already in the market, two thirds of it is really in the market already. And in my view, I think this is really the ultimate evidence that operating rates are quite high. And the new capacity is frankly coming online at a time when it’s needed.
Bob Patel: Well, I think, first of all on the NGL side, you've seen NGL prices come off some, because the supplier has increased. And we've seen new pipelines come online from the Permian to Mont Belvieu for wide grade more fractionation capacity has come online. What's also really important PJ is that, the NGLs that are coming from the Permian now have more ethane, so there's less rejection. I think that all is a good setup for ethane. And with potentially modestly higher polyethylene prices through the Q2 and into Q3, we could see some margin expansion. I think pricing and margins have been stable, because there is new capacity coming, but it's coming at a time when it’s needed. So it seems to me that we have a very well balanced market with some tightness in seasonally strong periods.
Bob Patel: So our first priority is to continue and complete our integration efforts with the A. Schulman acquisition. And as I highlighted in my prepared comments, we're making excellent progress and well ahead of schedule in terms of our integration effort. Once we have that platform established through the completion of the integration. I fully expect that we'll continue to evaluate other smaller inorganic opportunities. And along the way, especially in Asia, we'll likely have opportunities to build new plants as well. So I think we'll be able to do both, Steve, with respect to our APS segment.
Bob Patel: Yes, good question. I mean, I think this is always a bit elusive in terms of being definitive. But I can tell you directionally, my impression is that, given the macro backdrop of trade and Brexit and all these other things that create uncertainty. I continue to believe that buyers are really kind of buying what they need. I don't think we've seen a significant restocking that occurred year-to-date. The increase in volume, I interpret that as an increase in the underlying market and how the market is developing. Also as is well known, buyers are expecting more capacity to come online. So in a backdrop like that, unlikely they would aggressively restock. So I think these are very healthy signs of underlying demand being very good and growing year-over-year, as we come into the spring season and into the summer season. Restocking, let me just add one other thing. Restocking, I think we just add another layer of growth, if and when it occurs.
Bob Patel: Well, first of all, I mean yes, it has been a rather lengthy period that we've been discussing with our counterparts. But David, on the other hand, it is a very complex transaction that has – it's multifaceted one of the facets was raised in a prior question. So we're working through it very methodically and thinking through value creation and weighing sort of the risk reward very carefully. And if we don't do it, we do evaluate, have a very robust pipeline of ideas that we can develop. But just to go back to what we said at Investor Day, two years ago, which was that, our priorities are to continue to pay a strong dividend that's progresses, buybacks will be in the mix and funded by operating cash flow. And when it comes to inorganic, we have return hurdles we want to meet and will – our return aspirations will be adjusted based on the risk that we see in the transaction. So I think, all things are open and we continue to think about how we can build a great company over the long-term.
Bob Patel: There is a lot there in that question, so let me unpack it a little bit at a time. First of all, on the two thirds my comment really related to the U.S. capacity that's coming online. And I think we would have – but the numbers suggest that we're kind of in the latter innings of this round of capacity additions. And in fact in some cases the derivatives are already online before the crackers are online. And so from a polyethylene impact standpoint, I think we've largely seen the impact of the new capacity. Referring to the charts, this is the latest IHS data. So we decided not to provide our interpretation through the graphs, but perhaps through the voice over here. So if you look at IHS they've added quite a bit of new Chinese capacity, Wood McKenzie have not. So had we included the Wood McKenzie forecasts it's actually quite different. No history would suggest that likely we are going to come out somewhere in between. As you know and as all the industry watchers know that typically new capacity if anything is delayed some of this is still haven’t gone into FID yet especially in polyethylene. So I think we'll have to see, but what my takeaways are from these graphs is that even with a more robust a list of projects in Asia, you still see operating rates in the balance to zones still in the low to mid '90s. Any delays of a few units could flatten out the line more material delays could actually create an upward slope in the operating rate. So we're kind of right on the margin. And lastly, I would say if you think about the new capacity that's included now in the balances really most of the new additions are in the third and fourth quartile of the global cost curve. So they're not coming in advantage regions so I think to me all of that is a setup to say that we could have really very stable markets for a longer period of time. And if there are few delays or cancellations, you could actually see this operating rate graph turn up again. So I think we'll have to see, but our history globally in the industry has been that projects tend to get delayed and some still haven't reached FID yet.
Bob Patel: Sure. Well, again, I mean I think as you look at the new capacity coming online this year, not only in the U.S. but globally. It's really meeting the new demand growth that we see year-over-year and I think the demand growth projections are still similar to what we've seen before. Q4 was just extremely weak as we, as we look back on and because of the de-stocking and some of the macro concerns. I think buyers really, really pulled back and, but we don't believe that the demand growth trends have changed materially. So my view is that I think two thirds or more of the new capacity is in the market as we go through the rest of the year, demand will grow to absorb the remaining capacity that's coming online. And yes, somewhere in here in the mid of this year, we should make a turn as there is less capacity coming in 2020.
Bob Patel: Yeah. I understand, but I think for us when we think about acquisitions of the size and magnitude of a Braskem. We've got to really take a longer-term view rather than one or two quarters. So, frankly speaking me what I would do is sit with my team and go through whether we think the business model has been altered or if there is some structural change in our view of the value creation from those assets. If there is, then we rethink it. But we don't, believe that to be the case. And so, I mean I think we just have to think through the reasons for this scenario that you described. And if its short-term versus long term. So that's kind of the deliberation we would go through.
Bob Patel: Absolutely, and I’ve mentioned this on previous calls that we've been through diligence and one outcome from the diligence was that we've confirmed that indeed the assets are of very good quality. So again, it's about thinking long term rather than medium to longer term as opposed to the next quarter.
Bob Patel: Vincent, it's hard to, sort of forecast a short-term run up in the price like we saw last year. But my sense is that as more of this ethane. So if you go back and dissect last year's spike, we'll call it that, there was actually less ethane coming down the Y-grade line from the Permian and other parts of West Texas down into Bellevue, that has now correct itself and there's a lot more ethane because there's new pipeline capacity, there are more fractionation capacity now, there is another one that's supposed to start up in the second quarter, incremental delays help propane and butane prices are very low right now and company like ours have also now validated our ability to crack Y-grade. So to summarize, first of all, I think there's plenty of ethane but if ethane prices were to rise because propane and butane are so abundant, I think they will quickly compete in terms of feedstock flexibility and now Y-grade will compete as well. So all of that should really allow the feedstock price to be relatively stable through the rest of this year and then next year there are six to eight new fracs coming in most of them are in the first half of the year and by our math is like almost 0.5 million barrels a day of new ethane coming to market in 2020. So I think there is a good base case here that says, we don't see a spike or any material sort of rising ethane price unless gas price changes or something.
Bob Patel: Yes so, PO demand is still pretty good. We went through it a little bit of a soft spot in Q4 and there is some tied to automotive. So, but all of that seems to be recovering very nicely and we see our PO business being as solid as we've seen in years past, with modest year-over-year growth. I think given that you've asked this question, I think the more important driver in Q2 will be the TBA portion and the Oxyfuels. Because you know in Oxyfuels, we had - they did parallel to our refining business and that when gasoline values are low it impacts our Oxyfuels business as well. And so, gasoline recovering will help Oxyfuels values quite a lot. Blend premiums are up as well. On the cost side, butane is extremely cheap. So, we're seeing pretty meaningful upticks in Oxyfuel margins. So when I think about PO and derivatives together, the derivatives, especially Oxyfuels could provide pretty meaningful earnings improvement in Q2.
Bob Patel: Well, I - you are not misperceiving. I think they will join the broader movement. They already have initiatives in PET. And now it's just a matter of bringing it together under the umbrella of this alliance to end plastic waste. John, I think the key is collection of waste. And we start with the presumption that plastic waste has value. Then the highest priority is to collect it closest to the source, where the waste is generated. So it doesn't leak into the environment and we can reuse, recycle, recover the value that's in that plastic waste. And I think, those principles are universally applicable to all polymers. And we are really gaining momentum and on this alliance to end plastic waste. And you'll see more and more as the year progresses on tangible actions that the value chain are taking. Because ultimately, plastics are really a great sustainability story, the issue is dealing with the waste. And we're starting to see real solutions on how to deal with the waste. So I'm extremely encouraged and I think PET will join.
Bob Patel: Yes, Kevin. You know our VC3 inventories of propylene inventories, they are really related to how well the PDH is drawing in. We've had the large new PDH as that have been built, and have been running better as my impression. And when you couple that with the slower demand growth that we saw, especially early in Q1, in January and February. I mean, both of those things sort of went in opposite directions. So demand was slow, the big PDH has ran very well. I think ultimately also refining FCC units have some role to play in this. So FCC run well you get, more propylene as well. So propylene has been volatile for number of years now. And I think as these new PDHs run well and our part of the base load supply, we'll start to see these inventory swings moderate quite a lot.
Bob Patel: Right, Jeff. It's a very good question. And I think it's really a result of a couple of things. First of all, in Q1, we still had demand that was coming off of very low levels. And as I said earlier in one of the other questions, is that buyers still don't have conviction to build inventory, I think they're buying what they need. And so, so those two things probably led to this more sideways movement in polyethylene price. But again it's during a period when we're seeing kind of the later innings of this new capacity build out. I think that set up is not so bad. Actually, because it indicates that markets are still pretty resilient. And there were still decent margins in Asia, even after some rise in the naphtha price. So think we'll have to see how this develops in - and as we come into the seasonally strong periods of April, May, June.
Bob Patel: Well, Jonas we are an international company. So we decided we better just go to metric tons across the board and global company.
Bob Patel: Well, we're still seeing very good demand growth year-over-year. I mentioned in my earlier comments that even in the U.S., we've seen volumes improve very well. There are some signs of stimulus being added in the economy in China. For example the VAT cut that was implemented recently. Typically our impression is that these, these actions to provide stimulus in the economy. You see those maybe 90 to 120 days later. So we think those should bode well for polypropylene demand growth over the time - over the summer months and going into the full year.
Bob Patel: Supply side. I mean, I think it's well known. I think overall polypropylene operating rates are still very good. Globally, even with some new capacity coming in Asia and particularly China this year. So we continue to be very constructive about polypropylene going forward.
Bob Patel: No, I mean, we’ve been able to buy some Colombian barrels and a little bit a few more barrels from other regions. And the challenge for us Matthew, in the refinery has been that the light-heavy differential is so leveraging to that refinery and we've had both sides of the equation go in the wrong direction frankly early on the sour side, we've seen reductions in supply from Venezuela, there is little bit less coming out of Mexico, OpEx cuts take out some of the sour crude and on the other side, the light crude LLS has come down, or has not gone up as much because there's a lot more supply coming out of the Permian, but I know you closely watch these things and you've seen that that differential is starting to open up again. As various market factors kind of normalized, so we think this is going to be a very important driver of earnings, the light-heavy differential normalizing in Q2 and Q3 and then while I'm talking about the refinery. I think IMO still in front of us, as we look at Q3 and Q4 and the new marine fuel has to be deployed in the system globally, so that would, there's compliant starting January 1 of 2020. So I think lot of these sort of extraneous factors are already starting to normalize benefit our refinery.
Bob Patel: Well, I'm kind of ethylene glycol. There is also a seasonality to that business. Because some of that ends up in PDT and summer months more demand for more disposable goods a fewer products, if you will. So my sense is that the inventory will get worked off and the thing to really watch there is more about the pace of new supply compared to demand growth just like we look at fundamentals in the other businesses and we see reasonably good patterns ahead of us. I think when you - Nick, when you think about our IND business. The biggest drivers are going to be PO, MTBE, methanol and styrene. And so we really kind of focus on those as the big drivers for earnings while BDO and glycols are important and sort of the bigger levers are the ones that I just described.
Bob Patel: All right, so let me close with a few closing thoughts. So you know as we look ahead to the balance of the year, as you've heard through my commentary and through our prepared remarks. We do see improvement in market sentiment continuing and supporting continued demand growth and more importantly tangible earnings growth. We see opportunities to grow our earnings through A. Schulman acquisition, our new polyethylene capacity that will come online later this year. The IND business some more pricing improvements that will come through as well as the Oxyfuels improvement that I mentioned earlier, refining margins we think are normalizing and most importantly, we're seeing that the light-heavy differential is opening up. So I mean I see in each segment of our business signs of sequential earnings growth as markets normalize and/or we implement our growth strategy. So with all that said, I look forward to giving you all an update at the end of our second quarter and give you a progress report on our growth projects as well. So with that, we'll conclude our call. Thank you very much for your interest.
Thomas Aebischer: Thank you, Bob and good day to all of you. Please turn to Slide 5, which illustrates developments within our Company over the trailing 12 months. Our portfolio of diverse petrochemical businesses continues to be a source of resilience during times of challenging market conditions with improvements in two segments partially offsetting declines in other segments over the past year. As Bob mentioned, during the first quarter, five of our six business segments posted higher profitability relative to the previous quarter. Total EBITDA for the trailing 12 months declined in comparison to a relatively strong prior-year period. During the first quarter, we incurred service disruptions related to the March fire at a third-party terminal in the Houston Ship Channel. The impact was primarily felt within our Intermediates and Derivatives segment and was not material to the Company's first quarter result. We are still assessing ongoing disruptions and we expect second quarter impact will be similar to slightly higher than the first quarter. In North America, falling ethylene prices had declined faster than feedstock costs and the steep drop in propylene prices drove first quarter margin compressions for olefins. In the rest of the world, olefins and polyethylene margins improved on the back of strong volume recoveries, relative to the fourth quarter. Our Intermediates and Derivatives businesses exhibited stability with relatively balanced markets, persisting through a - the typical slow fourth and first quarters. We continue to run the Houston refinery well with our ninth consecutive quarter of strong operations. Unfortunately, high gasoline inventories and low discounts for heavy sour crude oil, resulted in historically low refining crack spreads during most of the first quarter. Our technology business delivered another quarter of outstanding results with continued improvements in licensing revenue that increased over both the prior quarter and the last 12 months. On Slide 6, you can see that LyondellBasell's businesses generated nearly $660 million of cash from operating activities during the first quarter. During the first quarter, we managed our debt portfolio by entering into a $2 billion term loan at favorable rates that was used to early refinance $1 billion of bonds that were due in April, 2019, which the balance used for general corporate purposes. Beyond our quarterly dividend, our strong cash flows provided ample capability to continue our investments in organic growth projects, while returning $512 million to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. The quarter closed with over $1.3 billion of cash and liquid investments on the balance sheet. Please turn to Slide 7. The chart on the left illustrates our cash flow performance over the previous four years and the trailing 12 months. During the last 12 months LyondellBasell generated more than $5.1 billion of cash from operating activities. Capital expenditures during the first quarter were nearly $600 million, with roughly 40% allocated to sustaining CapEx and the balance invested in profit generating projects. We expect that investment will slightly increase over the remainder of the year, as we complete the construction of our Hyperzone PE facility and accelerate the activity for building our PO/TBA plant in Houston. We believe that operating cash flow after accounting for sustaining capital expenditures provides visibility in our cash flow that is available for purposes such as dividends or accretive re-investments such as share repurchases, organic growth, or M&A. The chart on the right side of the slide illustrates our total liquidity for the same period, the decline in 2018 reflects the acquisition of A. Schulman. Liquidity improved during the first quarter of 2019, primarily due to the new drawn and undrawn term loan facilities. We closed the quarter with total liquidity in excess of $8 billion. With that, I will turn the call back to Bob. Thank you very much.
Thomas Aebischer: Well, Frank. Let's see how the year plays out. But we've said 1.7 to 1.8could be kind of the new normal in terms of the run rate for IND. And I think we're very much in that zone. And with cheap butane prices as they are today. Again, I think it points to the abundance of NGLs. And that business in particular really benefits when global butane prices are lower. And today you're seeing butane trading around 50% of crude oil value which is on the low end of recent ranges. So let's see how things play out, but we think certainly the 1.7 to 1.8 range, as the base case is still in a very good range to consider.
Thomas Aebischer: And with low cost ethylene in the United States. This is the best place to be producing ethylene oxide and ethylene glycol. So, that is helpful. But you're right, Nick prices have been very challenging this year.
