Bob Patel: Yeah, John. Good morning. The way we think about it is we have packaging and medical which is probably nearly half of the company essentially; and then durable goods auto is probably about 20%, 25%; and then the fuels and oxyfuels and so on is the remainder. I think that, we should see demand improve even further, if the economies are opened, because typically in the summertime as you know we see seasonal effects and we see increases in demand. So relatively speaking, we could see more of that on the packaging side. And on fuels you said it rightly that as people get on the road and drive more our oxyfuels and refining business should improve. So kind of the way we're thinking about it is automobile production and demand will probably be the slowest to return. But it's a pretty small part of our business.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Good morning, Steve. Indeed, if it was running, we'd have decent margins probably in the $400 to $500 per ton integrated basis range. You'll recall that, the thesis around that investment is about producing in China for China and the benefit of that project for us beyond getting a bigger position in China is that the timing of the investment will be such that when we make our capital infusion, it will be very close to start-up so within a quarter or two. But decent margins today, if it was running.
Bob Patel: Yeah, David. I think even the $0.04, I would say it's – that may be more of a headline number as opposed to kind of realized when you look through all of the different end-use segments that we supply. In terms of the outlook with ethane price rising like it has, difficult to imagine that you'd have that, kind of, a large step down. And again as I mentioned earlier, on the demand side, packaging related demand is still very good. We're coming into the summer season. And as different state economies in the U.S. start to open and outdoor activities actually are safer than indoor activities and that drives packaging demand. So if we see some increase in demand seasonally, it seems to me that we have a decent market environment. And in our case, we're running our assets in olefins and polyolefins in the U.S. at about 70% today. So pretty decent rate given the environment we're in.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So Vincent in terms of ethane supply/demand, we're all working to get our arms around what could happen. But here's the way I think about it. First of all, there's quite a bit that's being rejected today, maybe as much as 350,000 barrels a day of ethane being rejected. So, of course, that rejection would get shut off. And then in times past what we've seen is, if ethane is still snug and values rise especially in the low oil price environment, you'd see feedstock flexibility kick in. And a company like us, which who have a lot of feedstock flexibility, we would tilt more towards liquids and LPGs. And beyond that, some of the exports could even get shut off for ethane. So it seems to me that what we're really trying to think through is could we have another spike as opposed to a sustained period of high ethane prices. Because in the end, we continue to believe that there's an abundance of ethane available in the U.S. and higher prices will just attract more investment and more supply of ethane over the long-term. So it's more about thinking through transitory effects. And I think a company like ours that has so much feedstock flexibility; we can manage through that probably better than most.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Arun, it could be that some of the high-cost capacity in Europe or U.S. is idled. But more importantly what we've observed so far is projects are starting to get delayed, excluding China. But elsewhere in the world, if you look up in North America and other parts of the world those are the first signs of change. And frankly we're seeing that even in polyethylene. So one of the outcomes of the period that we're going through is delays in new construction. And I certainly see that in polypropylene.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Thank you, P.J. Well, inventory reduction has been a very, very high focus for us over the last 75 days or so. We started reducing inventories back in late February and early March. And so today for our polyolefins, we're sitting at 30 days or so of inventory based on lower demand rates. So we've already adjusted for anticipated lower demand rate and we'll continue to do that. And essentially what we're doing is, we're short cycling our product wheel to preferentially produce the products where there's high demand. And only produce to order be in areas where we believe there's low demand or low visibility on demand. And your question about working capital reduction and cash release, we expect about $500 million of cash release from lower working capital as we work our way through this year. Most of that benefit should come through in Q2 with a little bit of tailing benefit in Q3.
Bob Patel: Hey. Good morning, Kevin. We do see some structural benefits, I think, accruing to both polyethylene and polypropylene for some time given what's happened. Reversal of bag bans on the West Coast on the East Coast those could stay for a while. I think what people are realizing is that there are very significant hygienic benefits to plastics and that single-use has benefits. The key thing that we have to remember that won't change is that the challenge of plastic waste still remains. And I can tell you that we as a company have not lost our focus on that. And I think as an industry the focus on plastic waste, addressing, recycling, increasing capture of waste before it gets in the environment that's something that we should continue our focus on as an industry and we certainly will continue as a company. And then as single-use applications increase in demand, I think, society can be confident that that single-use waste won't end up in the environment. So plastic waste will continue to be an area of emphasis for us.
Bob Patel: Well so, Aleksey it's probably more about timing during the quarter in terms of the margins. In Europe as the oil price decline, we did see a margin expansion. And that's very typical in Europe. And I think it speaks to again the diversity of our asset base. And in a lower oil price environment we generally see better contribution from our European assets. We likely will see some margin erosion in Europe as we work through Q2 and as things normalize a bit more and the new, sort of, lower oil price environment sets in. We do expect some margin erosion in Europe. But demand is decent in Europe. Frankly, we're running our O&P assets at about 80% in Europe today. And as economies over there open up, we think that going into the summer season we could run at pretty good rates in this 80% to 85% range through the summer.
Bob Patel: Yes. Hey, good morning. Duffy, actually the byproduct disposition is already playing out. And C4 is -- butadienes containment is a real challenge. And so our strategy is that we don't want to build inventory on butadiene. And so we'll crack liquids up to a point where we can move the butadiene and I think that's already globally been restricting the amount of naphtha that's being cracked. And so we've had -- over the past 10 years, I was thinking about this that we've had probably two or three periods like this where a coproduct disposition became a challenge. Typically, it doesn't last that long. And in the current environment some automobile production coming back and people driving and replacing tires should provide some relief. But, I think, it will continue to be a constraint through most of this year, especially, disposition of butadiene. And again our strategy even in the U.S. where we have significant feedstock flexibility, we will maximize liquids up to a point where we're not building inventory of C4s.
Bob Patel: Yeah. Hey, good morning, Dylan. Let me answer the question in terms of how we're -- the actions we've taken to increase cash flow. So as I mentioned earlier, working capital release we expect to be about $500 million, mostly in Q2 with some trailing benefits in Q3. CapEx, we've reduced on a cash basis by about $500 million from $2.4 billion to $1.9 billion. Most of that $500 million benefit will be evenly spread across Q3 and Q4. In addition to that, we've undertaken -- we've accelerated our cost-reduction initiatives that we started in September of last year. We expect those to provide additional benefit this year on a cash basis of between $150 million and $200 million. So when you kind of total all that up, between the working capital the CapEx and the cash basis cost reduction, we expect that we should boost cash flow this year by about $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, and the timing will start in Q2 through the end of the year.
Bob Patel: Yeah. I mean I think in the near term Mike, we have decent visibility here with Q2 and into Q3. Q4 all of us are keeping an eye on whether we're going to have another wave of the virus or not. And it's an unknown. It's something that's difficult to predict. But if I look beyond the pandemic and look beyond the current period of low oil prices, I mean if history is an indicator, typically oil prices do rebound within 24 months. Now, at the moment we also have a lot of inventory to work through. So, we're not expecting significant improvement in oil price for most of this year. But I do think that if you were to look 24 months out, you could see oil prices at higher levels. Likely, we'll also see project delays and cancellations, and I think -- and some demand improvement, benefit from pent-up demand, which should set up a very good supply/demand environment 24 months out -- 12 to 24 months out. But our focus is to make sure that we maximize cash flow and maximize liquidity in the near term. And make sure that we keep our focus on the long-term projects that we've initiated.
Bob Patel: Yeah. We don't -- Frank we haven't really seen demand decline to a level where we would consider idling polyethylene capacity. So our sense is that here in April, we're kind of seeing a near-term bottom in demand, because I would imagine that as economies partially reopen directionally that should help on the demand side. And as I was stating earlier on one of the other questions that in a partial lockdown or reduced mobility mode for the rest of the year perhaps, we think that packaging is a beneficiary of that. So our expectation is that in the U.S., we're going to run kind of 70%, 80% across our assets. And olefins and polyolefins in Europe 80%, 85%, and we don't really foresee needing to idle for a long period of time in the polyethylene.
Bob Patel: Yes. Thank you for that question Jeff. Well in the near term, as I mentioned, given lack of visibility in terms of the outlook beyond Q3, really our priorities are to maximize liquidity. In terms of capital allocation, we're very consistent in our view that the dividend is a high priority for us coupled with a strong BBB or investment-grade rating, which today is BBB for us. So I don't expect that we would undertake buybacks given that we're prioritizing liquidity. Our dividend we expect that we will recommend the May dividend to our Board. We expect that they'll approve that dividend for Q2. Given the visibility that we have and the improvements we've made in terms of working capital CapEx and the cash cost savings, we think that we can largely cover the dividend for the full year. And I think your question we'll be in a better position to answer when we get to later in the year about capital allocation. Today, the priority is maximize liquidity, maximize cash flow and all of those will allow us to continue -- enable us to continue to pay the dividend largely from operating cash flow for the balance of the year.
Bob Patel: Yes. So in refining Jonas, the light-heavy differential is a very, very significant driver for earnings followed by diesel cracks. Our refinery given that it's a heavy crude oil processing refinery and we make a significant amount of coke as a result, in this environment, it actually favors our refinery because of the amount of diesel that we produce. We've mentioned in prior earnings calls and other venues that we expect that our refinery under more normalized conditions should earn about $100 million in EBITDA per quarter. It will be a challenge to get to that level this year because we still need more supply of sour crude oil. But we do think that the higher level of diesel production as a portion of the total yield favors us in our refinery. In oxyfuels, we should start to see some benefits from the volume rising. Higher oil price also helps in terms of oxyfuel profitability. So both should directionally improve as the lockdowns are eased and as activity at least daily activity returns to more normal levels.
Bob Patel: Yes. No, we would not be able to do that. And again, butadiene would be probably our greatest challenge today and it's what limits us in terms of how much liquids we can crack. Our capability, we had two crackers at ChannelView that produce about 4 billion pounds of ethylene in total. We can crack all liquids at those two crackers. And in terms of our Corpus Christi cracker, we can crack about two-thirds non-ethane feed. So we have significant flexibility. But today, we could not place all the C4s. And as I said earlier, we do not intend to build inventory.
Bob Patel: Yeah, good morning, Matthew good to hear from you. They're both resilient for different reasons. In polyethylene, the areas of weakness have been around construction, but we expect that that's more seasonal and that will pick up. In polypropylene, it's more about auto being weak. But on the other hand, it's been offset by the melt-blown-type of products that are going into PPE for first responders and there's quite a bit of packaging in polypropylene. If I really had to call one or the other, I would say maybe on the margin polypropylene is a little bit weaker than polyethylene, just because of the auto content. But both are holding up pretty well. And as I mentioned earlier, we're running our assets at 70% plus here in the U.S.
Bob Patel: Yeah. You know Hassan EBITDA levels, at the kind of levels, you're describing would be extremely low. But I'll invite Michael to comment on the covenants.
Bob Patel: Okay. Good. Well, thank you for all your questions. I'd like to close with a few comments. As I mentioned earlier we're anticipating and we're ready to address continued challenges as we progress through the current year. Our consistent focus on cash generation disciplined capital allocation will serve us well, in this challenging environment. We're leveraging our leading portfolio, advantaged positions to extend our track record of strong cash generation, profitable growth initiatives and prudent financial policies to deliver sustainable value for you our shareholders. So we thank you for your interest in our company. And look forward to updating you in July, on our second quarter results. So with that, we're adjourned. Have a great weekend.
