Bhavesh Patel: Thank you, Dave and good day to all of you participating around the world. We appreciate you joining us today as we discuss our first quarter results. Before we get into the discussion of our results, I would like to take a moment to recognize the tremendous progress that has been made in fighting the COVID-19 pandemic and how much hard work still needs to be done around the world to reduce the effects of this disease. While financial markets are focused on the economic upside being enabled by increased vaccination and the eventual reopening, today our employees, customers, suppliers and the communities where we operate in India in particular as well as Brazil and even parts of Europe are still suffering from terribly high case rates and fatalities. We are working closely with governments around the world to do our part to advance immunity for our employees and their communities and to hasten and end to the devastation brought on by this virus. Our thoughts remain with those most affected by this pandemic.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes thank you, Arun. First of all in inventory, I was actually just looking at that data this morning. The industry data and industry inventories both PE and PP are below typical levels that we've seen in the past. Again, I think following on from what I answered to Steve earlier, we still don't know what's the level of demand. My guess is the level of demand is higher than what we saw in February and March. And so, our first priority is to meet the demand of our customers and then find the opportunity to rebuild inventory. So, if you think about what's ahead, we still have reopening ahead in the U.S. We are reopening ahead in Europe, many parts of Asia, ex-China still reopening ahead so, stronger demand period. Typically, we see seasonal improvement so opportunity to rebuild inventory, we may not have that until later in Q3. Also recall that there's a lot of planned downtime in the industry because many producers deferred planned maintenance last year into this year. So, I think all of these reasons are why the setup looks to be for a very tight market for most of this year if not all.
Bhavesh Patel: So, Kevin on polypropylene you know more of it goes into durable goods than does polyethylene. And I'm sure all of our listeners have heard about the shortage of chips that have limited automobile production. I think that's going to cause more demand as some of those constraints relieve themselves and there's more chips available. And generally speaking auto sales are up. Inventories are low. Fleet sales have been low. Rental car fleets have been depleted last year. So, all of that has to be replenished. So, my sense is that polypropylene market will continue to be strong. And if I were to look at inventories the data that I saw this morning from an industry perspective in the U.S. PP inventories are actually lower than PE inventories. And this data that I'm citing is 60 days in the rear. So, my guess is that trend will continue to decline as we see data from March and April.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So, Vincent first of all I think we have to differentiate between the polypropylene price and polypropylene spreads. The polypropylene price could continue to come down on an absolute basis as propylene comes down - polypropylene. But the spreads are widening. We've announced another spread increase, markets are very tight. So, my sense is that global prices will likely come up and as propylene comes down some or has come down in the last month, you could see polypropylene absolute price moderate where I think spreads will continue to widen because the market is very tight.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So, Mike, yes, I mean that's kind of mid cycle or better than mid cycle. That dip if you look at the operating rate, it's still above 90%. And generally when operating rates are greater than 90% typically the seasonal highs tend to be very tight. So, Q2, Q3 tend to be tight quarters in an annual average net above 90%. So, my sense is we're going to be somewhere mid-cycle or better in 2022 and 2023. And then after that as there's really not a whole lot of new capacity ex-China we should see the cycle play out.  I wanted to also answer Vincent’s question about polyethylene. Vincent, I thought you asked about polypropylene building on the prior question. On polyethylene spreads, you know the market is still extremely tight. So, our sense is that the price increases that have been implemented could remain in place through Q3. There are more increases out there. Market remains tight. And again, as I've said several times we really don't know where the real level of demand is because we've been on allocation and we know our customers want more if we had it. So, if we had the product. So, I think that these spreads should stay well into Q3 for polyethylene.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes so, John first of all, I think Slide 9 is really important when you think - so we can't beat it to death enough I suppose. So, I would say that we're already into 2021, right. So, the forecasts out through 2025 are probably pretty firm in terms of what could be built and what sort of supply we should expect from China. Post 2025, it remains to be seen. But I would say 3.5 years something like that is the build time.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes so, Bob on Bora remember, first of all, it was in the north which is a less congested area in terms of new projects up in Liaoning province. So - and we joined the project while it was already in construction and we restarted our discussions. And, of course, we signed the definitive agreements within a month or two of start-up. I still think Bob three to three and a half year is probably the right time to think about a project being approved to the time we have in production.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, so on oxyfuels we've already seen improvement as gasoline prices have come up and we've seen the blend premium come back a bit. So, it's recovered more than our base refining business has. We're getting closer to breakeven. David, my hope is that in Q3 we get to breakeven, in Q4 we're positive in the refining business. Now, that depends on the pace of reopening. I can tell you here in Houston the traffic is back in the evening when I drive home. It’s I-10 coming out of Houston is full going both ways. So, I think more and more we're going to see the summer driving season could be very strong with a lot of pent-up demand for vacations and people wanting to get away. So, I think the refining business should see breakeven soon and positive profitability certainly by Q4.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, Matthew, you're right. The RINs have been quite a burden for us this year in our refining business. We're probably spending something like 3x more than we did last year on RINs. In the near term, I don't see anything else we can do. At some point the government will reset the mandate on RINs and then we could see the price moderate. But in the near term, we're doing all we can in terms of these renewable diesel sort of projects but that would be much more longer term and at the moment, we're not pursuing those sorts of projects in our refining business. So, we're just trying to run hard, run at maximum rates, and anticipate the recovery and miles driven.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, So Frank on the operating rates I mean in Q1, we lost about 30 days of production on average in our Texas asset. One of our crackers was down for almost 90 days. So now, we’re back-up and running fully. I suspect that - our competitors do have some planned downtime, maintenance that they had planned last year that was diverted into this year. So likely, our operating rate - on a plan basis is higher than most in Q2. Your earlier question about our confidence about the outlook I think, Frank, as time goes on. I just see the number of shortages on consumable items, on automobiles, lumber, steel. There's sort of like furniture, if you want to buy furniture, there's like a six-month delay from the time you ordered to the time you receive. And then reopening is still in front of us. I think there are so many factors that provide a very strong setup for how demand will develop for really all of our products in the company. So, that makes me more optimistic. About the fact that we'll have tighter markets for longer as we go through the year. So, thanks for your questions.
Bhavesh Patel: I do have a few closing remarks if I may. First of all, really good questions as always in Slide 9 we’ll continue to be part of our discussion as we go forward. I want to emphasize a couple of things. First of all, Q2 we're going to run full rates, no planned downtime. As I mentioned, there's a lot of backlog. We have reopening still in front of us. That should benefit our refining and oxyfuels business and continue to underpin demand strength in the other businesses that have been doing well. I think it's very important to note that with the larger asset base that we have, we've added $1 billion to $1.2 billion more of EBITDA as we sit here today at mid-cycle kind of margins. Now, clearly today we’re well above mid-cycle margins in some of our businesses. So, I think that’s a bit differential for LyondellBasell that in 2021 more assets deployed in a much, much stronger market. And I’m really pleased that we can see a path to perhaps reaching our leverage targets by year-end both on a gross debt basis and on the debt to EBITDA metrics. So, that as I mentioned earlier brings buybacks kind of back into the equation as we think about capital allocation as we go into 2022. So, we look forward to giving you an update in July on our Q2 results. In the meantime, have a great and safe weekend. Thank you.
Michael McMurray: So, good morning Jeff and for everyone, thanks for your patience with our longer prepared remarks, there's a lot going on. So, we wanted to provide color. So Jeff in terms of peak EBITDA, if you think about the kind of mid-cycle margins up to now we've added between $1 billion and $1.2 billion of EBITDA. In 2023, we’ll add another $500 million with our Sinopec PO-SM project and the PO-TBA project. So, I would say at mid-cycle margins we've added $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion of EBITDA. And if you - were to consider peak earnings then it would be something even more than that.
Michael McMurray: Oh in Bora, question about Bora phase 2. So we're still discussing with our partner on Bora phase 2. No definitive decisions yet. I would say that would be middle of the decade or beyond in terms of product hitting the market.
Michael McMurray: Yes, so good morning Steve. On the Sasol marketing, so pre-pandemic our view was that we would plug that volume into our global network and sell in Europe and in China and also supplement in the U.S. So, that's still our plan. But in the near term, because of the supply disruptions really spot sales have been zero. We've been on allocation. So, exports are only those where we have contracts. We're not doing spot exports. We don't have enough volume today. And our inventories are below our typical levels. So, our focus in the near-term will be to meet domestic demand, which is - which we still don't know what level that demand is, because of the supply constraints. And then, we'll look to resume exports.
Michael McMurray: Yes. I mean maybe just a couple of comments, Bhav. I mean just a reminder, you know, last year we generated very strong cash flow $3.4 billion from ops almost 90% conversion. We more than covered capital and our dividend. And that was I think pretty impressive. As Bhav said, we expect very strong cash flow generation this year. And we do expect to make meaningful progress in debt reduction. We've taken out a $1 billion of debt year-to-date. And I think kind of looking towards the end of the year, I think $3 billion to $4 billion in total debt reduction for the year is within reach.
Michael McMurray: Sure, Duffy. So first of all on a mid-cycle returns, yes, I think if you - first of all, if you look at that chart, it's actually probably better than mid-cycle other than maybe 2022. And again, if demand grows at 7% then I think you have a chance of actually having just a flat line and not much of a dip at all and we're headed in that direction it seems to me. So based on that and where CapEx has turned out recently on new projects. I still think it kind of leaves us that maybe low-double-digit kind of returns. And more importantly many companies who would think about investing are likely thinking about repairing their balance sheets from last year and paying down debt. So, I don't expect with this sort of a profile for there to be a rush in terms of new project announcements let’s say ex-China, but let's see how it develops, each company has its own considerations. But certainly for us, we don't have plans to take on additional organic growth in O&P in the near-term. In terms of your question about what are we seeing from catalyst activity and licensing activity, we are seeing slower activity in China compared to what we saw over the last two years especially in polyethylene. So and we participate in most if not all tenders - that occur for a new project. So, it seems the activity is slowing compared to 2018 and 2019.
