Bhavesh Patel: John, indeed, especially in polyethylene, as you noted, this year -- and polypropylene, to an extent, this year, because of the hurricanes, and prior to that, the inventory reduction that we undertook as a company and generally as an industry, likely if there's some slowdown in demand, certainly, we, as a company, will take the opportunity to rebuild some inventory. We're at very, very low levels today and really kind of hand to mouth on many products. And I suspect that, that will get us through the seasonally soft period and get into next year. So I suspect that will be the case in polyolefins for the most part. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So Steve, the $150 million will be at the EBITDA level. So it's like equity earnings. Think of it that way. We do not expect dividends from Bora for a couple of years because the priority will be to delever. You will recall that the financing was roughly 1/3 equity, 2/3 debt for Bora. So the way we've outlined the joint venture and how the bank covenants work, we need to prioritize delevering first. We'll get some incremental commission income from the sales of polyolefins. The likely dividend income will come in year 3, 4 and onwards. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, Jeff. So it may, but I think right now what's driving global petrochemical prices and especially polyolefin prices, it's more about the heightened level of demand that we've seen, very low levels of inventory. And I think that's really what's going to drive near-term pricing and provide support potentially for the final increase that's been announced here in the U.S. The other thing to note about a falling oil price is that it should benefit our European business. Because typically when oil price declines, we see margins open up in Europe. We saw the opposite of that in Q3 as oil prices actually increased, and we saw a bit of margin squeeze as we couldn't pass all of that through to the end users. So I think net, probably a benefit for Europe and near-term supply/demand likely drives pricing more so than Brent price. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. Aleksey, right now because there's so many moving parts, I hesitate to give you a normalized number. I think you've put your finger on a few of the drivers, which is the direction of oil price. Also, Europe has been one of the softer regions in the world. We've seen improvement in Europe from Q2 to Q3, but it has not been to the degree that we've seen in China and the U.S. So I would say more of a mixed market in Europe and more clear strength in the U.S. and in China. Well, let's wait until next quarter and we'll try to help you with that normalized number, but today I hesitate just given all the moving parts. 
Bhavesh Patel: Duffy, on the refinery, book value will be a little over $500 million, and we'll post that in our Q later today or Monday. So that's after the write-down. On the PO/TBA project, certainly, returns will be lower, we think, probably in the 10% range on returns for PO/TBA. I think in the end, we're going to net out kind of the delay of the project in this way. I think, first of all, it gave us some cushion on cash flow this year that given the uncertainty at the time we made the decision back in Q2, I still continue to believe it was the right thing to do. Secondly, when we do start up, it will be timed better when markets are recovering or fully recovered, hopefully by then. And we'll be bringing new capacity online at a time where it's more likely to be needed. So in the end, I think balancing near-term needs with long-term market demand, I think this was the right call to make, and we continue to believe it was the right call. 
Bhavesh Patel: So from our perspective, we really saw the industrial part of the demand be very weak. And you will recall that the automotive sector was essentially shut down. For example, we produce polyethylene that goes into fuel tanks. And so that's continued to be weak. The automotive sector has not come back in Europe as strongly as it has in the U.S., industrial bulk containers, things like that. So the industrial part of demand was softer in Europe. I think on the packaging side, we saw similar strength of what we've seen in the U.S. So it's more about the level of activity. It didn't resume to the rate that we had expected. And lastly, in Q3, we still saw some seasonal slowdown from a typical European holiday season. There's the European kind of vacation season where some of the factories shut down. There was still some of that and enough that it caused some seasonality in Q3. 
Bhavesh Patel: Bob, so first of all, we estimate that ethane rejection rates are still pretty high, probably north of 500,000 barrels per day. I've heard numbers much higher, almost double that. But likely, the rejection is probably happening in regions that are further away from the Gulf Coast. So there's probably some in the Permian, but probably more as you get out towards the Rockies and certainly in the Marcellus. So today, you see ethane in the low 20s. I wouldn't be surprised to see ethane move to the mid-20s, especially here in the winter as natural gas prices rise a little bit more. I don't think we'll see a spike only because higher prices will likely incent more supply to come online. And maybe, as you say, with more crackers starting up, we may, on the margin, need more supply from further away regions. And if that were to happen, then maybe ethane does move to the mid-20s. But I still think there's so much rejection out there that a little bit of price will incent more supply. 
Bhavesh Patel: Well, so David, first of all, there are kind of timing effects on when these price increases get implemented, and it's phased over a 2-month period depending on contracts and size of buyer and that sort of thing. But if you kind of step back and look at the market environment today, as I mentioned earlier, inventories are still really low. And in fact, this morning, I was just looking at ACC data and days on hand is like 10% lower than where it was last year. And that's days on hand, so including a lower sales rate, the absolute inventory levels are incredibly low today. So I think that points to a tighter market. Secondly, we don't see demand really letting up yet. Our order books are filling up quickly for November. And as I said earlier, likely if there's some softness, certainly, our approach is going to be, we're going to have to build back a bit of inventory because of the impacts of weather and also just stronger demand. So let's see how it plays out, but it seems to me that, from our perspective, the increase is still on the table. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So Vincent, so U.S. PE demand so far year-to-date has grown about 1.7%. And if you look at Q3, the year-over-year is like 2.5%. So you can really see the higher level of demand growth post the low Q2. So I think Q2 was kind of a lost quarter. Just to kind of round out the regional look. In Europe, demand is up 2.5% year-to-date. And in China, it's up almost 5% year-to-date. And in China, imports are up about 5% year-to-date as well. So a really good growth rate globally in polyethylene. And to your point about, is there some catch-up growth next year, I do think in the industrial and auto areas. Now auto impacts polypropylene more than it does polyethylene. But I think when the recovery really takes hold, we should see above trend line growth for a year to 18 months. And I still expect that to be the case. We'll probably see that more dramatic in polypropylene just given that there's more durable good end-use in polypropylene. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So if you look over the next 2 to 3 years, it seems that if you use historical demand growth, the new capacity likely won't be enough to meet demand growth. And so they're going to need to incrementally import more polyethylene. And we don't think imports have leveled out yet in China. And we think that will be the case. I don't know about next year because of timing of projects, whether they're delayed or not. But if I look over the next 2-, 3-year horizon, likely their import needs grow. Another thing to think about, Hassan, is that if you look at Q2 to Q3, as U.S. demand came back in polyethylene, exports actually declined significantly from Q2 to Q3 out of the U.S. And if you look at U.S. next year, there's very little new capacity in polyethylene coming online. So speaking to the prior question about, will we see higher demand growth in the U.S. if there's catch up demand, I think if that's the case, there will be less being exported out of the U.S. and likely that will create a tighter global market. And lastly, if you look out further on polyethylene supply/demand, you're already seeing many projects that are being canceled or delayed. So it seems to me that we're seeing kind of a classic setup of a cycle here as we sit in the trough. You're starting to see delays, starting see cancellations. And let's assume China brings on all of the capacity that's announced, they still need to import more. 
Bhavesh Patel: Certainly. So Arun, at a high level, polyethylene certainly is a bigger driver than polypropylene if I look globally. In the U.S., polyethylene is a bigger business for us than polypropylene. In Europe, polypropylene is a bit bigger than polyethylene, not by a lot. And in APS, post the acquisition of A. Schulman, we're much more diversified. Prior to the acquisition of A. Schulman, right, 100% of our compounding was essentially polypropylene and about 90% was automotive. And you will recall back when we announced that transaction, that was part of the rationale was to have more diversity and participation in the end use segments, in packaging, in medical and have more polyethylene content. So I'd say on APS, we're probably still 60% polypropylene, 40% other, just as kind of a rough breakdown. On the polypropylene outlook, certainly, polypropylene has struggled this year, especially in Q2 because of the higher durable good and auto content. Polypropylene demand is down year-to-date by 1% to 2% in Europe and U.S., up significantly, though, in China. So China polypropylene demand is up some 15%. It's a very, very large increase. So our view is that polypropylene will be very constructive. We don't see kind of a wall of supply. And actually, I think that as the economies recover around the world, durable goods will likely grow faster into a growing economy and a recovering economy, which probably favors polypropylene even more than polyethylene. 
Bhavesh Patel: Kevin, if you look at this year, our operating cash flow will more than cover dividend and all the ongoing expenses. So we should have a surplus pre the Bora equity infusion. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. Frank, so first of all, I just want to be real clear on our capital allocation priorities. Maximize cash flow, continuity of the dividend and solid investment-grade rating through the cycle, we're committed. Whatever we decide to do, we're committed to the dividend and the investment-grade rating. Having said all that, timing of a Step 2, probably 3 to 5 years out. So I think we have a window to delever before that decision is upon us. Now of course, a lot of that depends on the pace of the recovery, how much excess free cash flow we generate in '21, '22 and '23. But remember that Sasol, the first half of the JV will be contributing excess cash flow beyond the additional interest expense that we'll take on. So we think that will be accretive or additive to cash flow for next year. Based on our current outlook, we think next year we can cover the dividend from operating cash flow. So I think our priorities are going to be to delever, first and foremost. And I think there's enough time before the Step 2 will be upon us. We'll be able to delever meaningfully. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, Mike. So the -- indeed, the timing of price increases, except for that last 5, most of it was implemented kind of later in the quarter as the way it all lays out. So I think that's probably a reasonable way to look at it is the September would be the run rate going into Q4. I think the thing we'll have to watch for is the seasonality. As I mentioned earlier in response to some of the other questions, my sense is that the market is so tight and the inventories are so low that I don't think we'll see the degree of seasonal softness that we've seen in past years this year, but let's see. And to your comment about The Browns, let's hope they continue to strengthen as we go into Q4. 
Bhavesh Patel: Jonas, so first of all, on APS, I think you're really in Q3 starting to see what a fully synergized APS represents and the earnings power. As volume grows, more of those dollars will flow straight to the bottom line in a much more efficient platform post our synergies. If you go back to pre-COVID and around the time of the acquisition, the LyondellBasell business that was in APS, that is in APS today was earning at that time about $375 million of EBITDA. We acquired $200 million from A. Schulman, and we achieved $200 million of synergies. So nearly $800 million of EBITDA, that was kind of the run rate back in '18. So the question now is, what's the trajectory to get back to that kind of earnings rate? And I think, as you mentioned earlier, a lot of that will be tied to the recovery in automotive, looks very good in U.S. and in China. Europe needs to improve meaningfully for us to firmly be on the path to get to those kind of numbers that we had back in '18. But again, I think as volume increases, we should see a large part of that revenue fall to the bottom line on the margin because the fixed costs are now all covered and we have a synergized platform. So normalized earnings, if you go back to '18 conditions, should be closer to $800 million. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So exactly, as you said, first of all, it's a co-product in our I&D business. But more importantly, John, the market characteristics for TBA are a bit different than what we see for our refinery because the margin in TBA is based on upgrading butane to MTBE. So whereas in the refinery, part of our margin is the light-heavy differential. And there, we think there's a longer road to recovery to get more sour crude back on the market. I would characterize the TBA downturn as cyclical and perhaps part of the refining downturn as being a little bit more lasting because of this lack of supply of sour crude. So we will not be writing down our PO/TBA or our TBA assets. Think of that as being more cyclical. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So Matthew, you've got us in the middle of thinking through that. So I'll be able to give you a definitive answer at the next earnings call. We're thinking through our cash needs for the company, how the markets will develop. We want to make a really thoughtful decision because we still think that our refinery is an asset that makes it through this downturn. So partly what I'm trying to balance here is near term versus long term and how do we position the refinery best for when markets do return. So we're going through all that math now. And certainly, we're going to do whatever we need to do to manage the regulatory requirements and all of the safety-related projects that we need to do. And those are a primary focus for us. And then beyond that, the turnaround timing is part of a broader set of decisions that we're trying to make next year for the refinery. So stay tuned. 
Bhavesh Patel: All right. Well, thank you. Well, let me offer a few closing remarks. Our team at LyondellBasell, we're continuing to focus on near term maximizing free cash flow, continue the dividend and maintaining a solid investment-grade rating through the cycle, as I've consistently mentioned over the past few calls. At the same time, I think we're really well positioned to emerge stronger from the pandemic because we'll have a lot more assets, a synergized APS platform, we'll have lower CapEx as we come out of the pandemic as well. And I think all that sets us up to really accelerate on free cash flow generation with our initial focus being on delevering. But I think our company is really setting up for coming out of this downturn in a very good way, much stronger than when we entered. So thank you for your interest in our company, and we'll look forward to updating you at the end of January, have a great weekend and be safe. 
