Bhavesh Patel: Thank you, Dave, and good day to all of you participating around the world. We appreciate you joining us to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results for 2020. Let's turn to Slide 3. 2020 was unlike anything we have ever seen or experienced, oil price volatility, a global pandemic and an associated recession. To call this year unprecedented would be an understatement. So before we get into the results today, I want to take a few minutes to provide some context around our approach to navigating the past year, because I think it speaks well to who we are as a company and the character and talent of our team. Early in the year, as it became clear that the virus is becoming more widespread, our leadership team established three guiding principles for the short term; number one, protect our employees and communities; two, keep our commitments to our investors; and three, take actions to strengthen the company for the future. In past earnings calls, I've talked about some attributes of our culture; operational and commercial excellence, cost management and capital discipline. These qualities served us particularly well during 2020 as we bolstered liquidity by rapidly accessing capital markets, minimizing working capital and efficiently generating cash. Importantly, we honored our commitment to an investment-grade credit rating and continue to fund dividends and capital investments with cash from operations. As we review our results today, I hope the outcome of these priorities and the benefits of this culture will be clear. Beyond the strategy itself, I also want to take a moment to acknowledge our global team that delivered our results. These individuals, both those who were able to work remotely and those who continue to work on the front lines at our manufacturing sites form a strong and nimble team. They have my sincere and deepest gratitude. If the pandemic reinforced anything, it is the value of our products and industry in serving modern society's needs. Knowing that the materials produced by our plants go into end products like face masks, medical gowns and COVID-19 test kits, our team took immediate action to ensure our manufacturing sites would continue to supply our customers, while prioritizing the safety of our workforce. I'm very proud to say that not only did we continue to operate reliably, but to date there have been no cases of workplace virus transmission among our employees.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. Yes. Go ahead. There is a bit of background noise. Amanda, perhaps this is on your side. Go ahead Steve.
Bhavesh Patel: Thank you, Steve. Good morning. First of all, in terms of how much of our polyethylene demand our customers are asking for sustainable products, I mean, if you think about our sales of polyethylene more than half of it goes in the packaging, whether it's flexible or blow molded bottles or those sorts of things. So I think it's safe to say more than half, probably close two thirds over time, we'll want to have sustainable products as part of the mix that we sell them. In terms of their preference, for food packaging, clearly, the molecular recycling would be the most desirable because essentially what we're doing is we're creating new feedstock and producing FDA approved resin. So our molecular recycling will be the most important development as we look at the next five to seven years, but I think mechanical recycling will continue to play a role. And that's where we're capturing the near-term opportunities. And as you know, we have a molecular recycling pilot plant that we built in Italy. We're working - I had a review with my R&D team, in fact, this week, and they are working diligently to perfect the technology and get to semi works as soon as possible.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, so good morning, Bob. Things are going very well. So I'll start with Bora. We have - we've stacked up in the marketing side, both sales and customer service. We have a full-fledged organization. Local leadership in China ramping up our marketing efforts to sell more directly rather than through trading activities. So we're selling 100% of the polymer output over there in Bora, and things are going quite well. I will tell you it's increased our visibility on the market and demand trends. And so all the things we thought would occur when we had a bigger presence. We're starting to see that. Sasol JV, we're operating the facility as part of the agreement. We have - the site manager is a LyondellBasell employee. He was a site manager of one of our sites here in Houston. The marketing of the products is just part of our usual marketing that we do on other polyethylene grades that we already producing. So my sense is that the integration has been very seamless. And both JVs are really now part of the system.
Bhavesh Patel: Good morning, Arun. Both are very tight. So let me talk about polyethylene first. Speaking for ourselves and inventory is still very low. In fact, we're looking for opportunities to build back some inventory, but because demand is so strong, we're not able to do that. On the pricing front January price increase discussions are essentially finished and the implementation of the increase is going to occur. The next increase for February is on the table and likely there will be very good discussion about that as well. If you think about markets being tight in January, typically as we go into the spring, we see a seasonal uptick in demand. And so I think that supply-demand fundamentals are going to remain tight through the first half of the year for polyethylene. And polypropylene, similarly, as you said, propylene prices run up quite a lot. But inventories are still low, we're struggling to build inventory because demand is so good. And as you said about durables, probably applies more to polypropylene. As the economic recovery really takes hold in Europe and U.S., I think we're going to see probably more pool from durable goods end uses. So we're quite constructive of about both frankly. It looks tight through the first half of the year. And the other thing I would add is, there is quite a bit of downtime on - a planned downtime in the industry for crackers. So that's going to keep monomer prices probably high through the first half of the year. There is also a very large PDH turnaround here on the Gulf Coast. So that will keep propylene pretty strong through May, I would imagine.
Bhavesh Patel: Sure, Vincent. So, first of all, what we were trying to illustrate with that chart is that it won't take much for the operating rates to just go flat from here, 3% additional demand in one year. Now, typically in recovery years, we've seen demand growth above trend line in the first year or even two post recessions. To your question about how do you bridge the 4 to the 7, first of all, in polyethylene, here in the U.S. the pipe market has been very, very weak. And if there is an infrastructure bill as oil and gas starts to come back a bit, I think that could help demand growth here in the U.S. and likely if there's infrastructure spending in Europe in China, I mean you could really see that market contribute to bringing the 4 to 7. The other is --there still enough durable goods content or industrial demand or for example like industrial bulk containers. As industrial activity picks up, I think, we'll see recovery or higher demand rates for polyethylene. So I don't think it would take much to get to the 7%. And when you factor that in, it looks like operating rates could stay elevated through over the next few years.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So we are pleased with how the APS segment has really evolved. What I'm most pleased about is that the integration is essentially complete. And so now as we face into recovering markets, the increase in volume should increase earning will see those synergies go straight to the bottom line. And that's really ahead of us. So the best is in still in part of us for APS, hopefully the same for our brands. In terms of bolt-on acquisitions, yes, I mean, we're out - we now that the platform is essentially set. It would be very natural if we could find opportunities to bolt-on and add to the segments that are most attractive to us. So we're keeping a watchful eye for that and we'll keep you updated. But given the kind of acquisitions that are possible, the size will be very modest, and it will be more about just roll-ups.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, Kevin, it's kind of reminiscent of like 10 years ago when we used to see a lot more volatility, and generally when propylene gets close to being sold out any outage causes these kinds of burst in price. I would add a fourth item to your list, which is very robust demand for the derivatives of propylene, not just polypropylene, but the other propylene derivatives, cumene and derivatives and so on. So we've really had a strong pull from all propylene derivatives, which has helped. I think until the PDH outages or turnarounds are behind us, I think we're going to have tightness in propylene. The other thing is propane is very far out today, so - as economic feedstock. So maybe if propane cracking returns in the summer when propane gets cheaper, you could see a little bit more propylene supply. But my sense is that we have a pretty tight propylene market, probably through May.
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. Great question. So as you've probably read Jeff that there has been higher incidence of COVID in Europe, lockdowns in various countries, but we've not seen significant impact on demand for Polyolefins. So Polyolefins demand has been has been still very resilient. If you look at EAI across the board and, of course, a lot of that Europe, if you think about our volume - if you compare Q1 '21, how our book is building compared to Q1 '19, we expect that ethylene is going to be up about 15% from Q1 '19 to Q1 '21, polyethylene up 17%, polypropylene up 12%, Q1 '19 to Q1 '21. So it really points to very resilient demand. And as you look forward into the turnaround season, very heavy turnaround season also in Europe, in fact, in April, about 13% of the ethylene capacity is expected to be offline on a planned basis. So I mean, I think we could see tightness through a good bit of the first half of the year based on demand hanging in there even when there spike of COVID rates in various countries. And as the vaccine is distributed, I would think, all of that will settle down and the demand growth we should see year-over-year.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So Duffy, your first question, 2020 was a pretty heavy year for start-ups. So, including our new Hyperzone Polyethylene plant here in La Porte, I think '21, at least based on the schedules that we've seen that are publicly available, '21 should be lighter. And then in '22, we'll see more expansions come through. And that's what's reflected in that supply demand graph on Page 11 of our earnings materials on our slides. So I mean, I think, again, if you go back to what we talked about in the prepared materials, if we have recovery kind of growth in '21, at 7% or something, I think we essentially can absorb what's coming globally. Your question about the Shell plant that we'll start up in Pennsylvania, yes, I mean, certainly there will be temporary dislocation. They'll have to - they will find their way into the market, they'll export some product. But much like when, for example, Sasol started up, there was a quarter - there was a - for quarter, for a month or two, when these large plant start-up. But eventually as long as kind of the overall demand is such that the supply is needed, it tends to find its way to where the demand is. So I don't expect a massive disruption, but I would imagine we'll see some bumps when they do start up.
Bhavesh Patel: Okay. So first of all, your question about the prices that are - you're right, the coal price has gone up quite a lot. So I would say CTO and MTO are probably setting the price. It's quite close. And given the high level of demand for ethylene derivatives, some MTO-based ethylene is still needed in China. So I would say those are the price setters. And your second question about styrene. We've already seen styrene come back off again. So we had really nice period in November or early December, but styrene has come back off. I think the way to think about styrene is when all the units are running, the margins will be pretty weak in styrene. Think when there are outages, we could see some improvement, but we're not expecting a lot in terms of contribution from styrene in 2021.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. Good question. I mean it is - the price strength has been somewhat unusual. But I think, the supply side, so we looked at carefully with the hurricanes that came through the U.S., there were some unplanned outages in Europe, there was just enough to really firm up the market. Speaking for ourselves, we can barely keep up with orders let alone allow any kind of pre-buy. So our team is essentially under pretty strict instructions to not allow pre-buy because we simply don't have the inventory to do it. We're just trying to meet the demand for customers. And many customers are saying, hey, if you're three days late, we're going to run out of product. So I think we find ourselves in a really tight environment. And I think if there is some softness, let's say in February, I can tell you for us, we're going to take the opportunity to selectively build back inventory and get ready for the spring season, which we expect to be robust like usual.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, I mean, we're looking forward to and both are contributing again. It's been, as you know, a pretty challenging period. In Oxyfuels we had trouble moving the volume. It's just the margins and have been essentially zero. So part of what I think we - how you should think about LyondellBasell is that recovery and the related earnings are still in front of us. So as driving recovers, we don't even need air travel to recover back to the original or pre-COVID levels. If driving recovers with vaccinations and more domestic travel, we could really see both Refining and Oxyfuels contribute in the second half. And I think that's part of the earnings growth story as vaccinations become more common.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. It's good question. So we're really minimizing propane if cracking any at all. We have kind of what we call a barbell feed slate today, it's ethane and it's liquids. So gasoline, naphtha still look decent. And so we're either in ethane or with the other end of the spectrum. And both are profitable given where propylene is and butadiene - you know it's come off a little bit, but still hanging in there.
Bhavesh Patel: So, first of all, I mean, I think you have to look at overall demand globally. And if the demand is such that the supply is needed, we find ways to get to meet the demand. Our - so you may be referring, a little bit to the container dislocations and so on. For us, we've not really been impacted by that much. We have long-term contracts. We've been able to continue our exports, primarily down to Latin America and Mexico, but also to Asia. So our exports have been uninterrupted and not really impacted by the spot freight rates or container rates. So we continue this business as usual for us.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, so good morning Frank, or good afternoon. We - so, operating rates in the second half of the year for us in polyethylene were essentially unconstrained. We ran as much as we could. We had some unplanned downtime in Europe and the U.S., but we've essentially been running full since about July-August timeframe. And we expect to do that for the foreseeable future. And, yes, the volume growth was related to Hyperzone operating for part of the year. Your question about the supply side, on that chart on Page 11, we have not put any delays in for Chinese capacity. So it's essentially - we're assuming it's going to come on as advertised in IHS. It's really - that's to illustrate the impact of 7% growth versus 4% growth. How close we are to really having absorbing all of the capacity that's in front of us if we just have one year of more typical economic recovery type growth at 7%.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, John, I mean, I think, clearly, our focus is to get the debt down now. I don't think that option is going to come sooner. So I think it's a very low probability. Given kind of the earnings profile, I think we could manage, but I don't think that's a plausible scenario. So our focus in terms of capital allocation is debt reduction, first and foremost the modest increases in the dividend and then perhaps buybacks, but those are pretty far away I think.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So, Matthew it's our Sasol acquisition. There has been - we've been fortunate with the timing because ethylene values have gone up, and we've increased our merchant position as a result of acquiring half of that facility. We are not exporting, but we have benefited from the increase in spot price. First and foremost, as you know, has a spot price moves that impacts the contract negotiations. So contract price has been moving up. Most of our formulas have spot contract plans. So we benefit that way. And some of - quite a bit of Sasol volume does have spot sales in it. So we've been able to capitalize on this improvement in ethylene margins that I think we'll probably be persistent through most of the first half of the year because of this very high unplanned turnaround schedule starting in March.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. Great question. So I'm going to give you statistics for the first part of your question, and then I'll talk kind of qualitatively about the second half. So if you look at our polypropylene volumes, I'll tell you how Q1 '21, we think is shaping up compared to Q1 '19. In the U.S., we're likely up 14% from Q1 '19 to Q1 '21, and in EAI, up 12%. Another sort of data point is that polypropylene demand in China grew about 10% from 2019 to '20. Now, your second question about pandemic-related, certainly the masks and the medical gowns and all of that, it's been pretty important driver. And frankly, I think even after vaccinations are more widespread, use of masks will still be pretty and I think for most of this year and maybe even into next year. So it's - I don't have a number for you on what percent of the growth was accounted for by the masks. But if I were to estimate, maybe 1% to 2% of the growth is related to masks of the 14% that I mentioned for the Americas polypropylene growth.
Bhavesh Patel: All right. So I think that was our last question. I'd like to just offer a few closing remarks before I let you all go. Thank you for hanging in there. So first of all, with the completion of 2020, you've seen the resilient performance from our company through the first significant downturn since our emergence back in 2010. Our fourth quarter results have given you a preview of our increased earnings power. Going into 2021, we have more assets, strong order books, tight markets and rising economic activity. All of which should provide confidence for continuing improvement into the first quarter. While much of our industry is scheduling high levels of second quarter maintenance, LyondellBasell's planned downtime for 2021 is relatively light. Our assets are ready to capture improving seasonal demand, Refining and Oxyfuels businesses are poised to benefit from increased mobility during the second half of the year. I think all of this positions us well to increase cash flow and continue to strengthen our balance sheet as we work our way through 2021. So thank you for your interest in our company and we look forward to updating you in about 90 days. Have a great weekend.
