Ken Lane: Thank you, Michael. Let's begin the segment discussions on Slide 9, with the performance of our olefins and polyolefin Americas segment. Third quarter O&P America's EBITDA was $504 million. Integrated polyethylene margins were pressured by higher feedstock costs and continued oversupply. Global polyethylene trade flows appeared to be slowly normalizing toward pre pandemic conditions. Increasing export prices and volumes helped to support U.S. polyethylene contract price increases in both August and September.  In the fourth quarter, we expect strengthening polyethylene pricing supported by stable domestic volume and continued export strength. We also expect potential headwinds from volatile feedstock and energy costs.  U.S. polyethylene market as well supplied with recent capacity additions entering the market. We remain focused on our disciplined approach to match LyondellBasell's operating rates with market demand. Roughly two-thirds of LyondellBasell’s North America polyethylene capacity is high density polyethylene. So we are pleased to see high density polyethylene inventories falling across the industry during September.  In support of our growth in circular and low carbon solutions, we announced the venture capital investment in Lombard Odier Plastic Circularity Fund. The fund aims to reduce pollution from plastics by investing in companies offering innovative solutions to improve the collection, sorting and recycling of plastic waste. This fund is another example of our comprehensive engagement and collaboration across the value chain to increase the availability of recycled feed stocks.  Just this week, we announced our investment in Cyclyx, a joint venture between Agilyx, ExxonMobil and LyondellBasell to accelerate the development of a nationwide circular economy for plastics. The collaboration aims to capture more plastic waste from landfills and provide infrastructure and recycle materials at scale in support of our plans to build an integrated circular and low carbon solutions hub in the Houston area.  Please turn to Slide 10, as we review the performance of our olefins and polyolefins, Europe, Asia and international segment. In the third quarter, weak demand continued oversupply and higher naphtha costs impacted our European margins, resulting in an EBITDA loss of $45 million. As we approach year in, we expect European markets remain challenging, with weak demand that will likely persist. We anticipate modest polymer price increases, offsetting higher feedstock and energy costs. The slow but gradual return of Chinese demand seems to be providing some tailwinds for normalizing global trade flows.  Finally, we took several steps during the quarter to advance our long term strategy. As part of our goal to improve our focus on core assets and businesses, we made the difficult decision to close one of our two polypropylene assets in Brindisi, Italy. We also announced the acquisition of 50% stakes in two different Dutch recycling companies, Stiphout and De Paauw Sustainable Resources. Both companies are involved in the sourcing and processing of plastic packaging waste, and support our efforts to build scale by expanding the production of our circular and recovered products.  In line with our sustainability goals, we signed a renewable power purchase agreement for 149 megawatts of solar electricity generation capacity in Spain. With this LyondellBasell has rapidly achieved 78% of our 2030 target for renewable electricity with over 1.1 gigawatts of wind and solar capacity under agreements. I would like to recognize our teams for their quick and decisive actions to advance our strategy.  Now I will turn the call over to Kim.
Ken Lane: Yes. I would just say that we did have a turnaround that impacted the asset in the third quarter, Jeff. But what we are seeing is signs of some domestic growth in the market there, which is encouraging. However, the growth rate is still not where we needed to be to absorb all of the new capacity. But that asset is approaching breakeven levels of EBITDA, which is great to see, but still a very challenging market in China.
Ken Lane: Yes. Thank you very much, and thanks, Matthew, for the question. The dynamics that we're seeing in polypropylene around supply and demand is similar to what we're seeing in PE. There's still a tremendous amount of new capacity that has come online over the last 12 to 18 months, especially in China. China has now pretty much become balanced and even has been exporting some polypropylene. So that market is challenged, but we have seen the demand come back in polypropylene and have started to see some growth quarter-over-quarter. One of the market segments -- frankly, when I look across all of the market segments for our division, the automotive segment this year is showing signs of improvement when I compare it to others like packaging. We also have seen some improvement in Catalloy, some bounce back in volumes in Catalloy, driven by commercial construction. So, in general, it's we still have a very good portfolio of assets, but a very challenging market environment.
Ken Lane: I'll just add to that, Arun, that we're seeing very good support for those exports with a high oil to gas ratio that we expect is going to continue, especially with the volatility around oil markets and gas production being relatively robust. So we do feel good about what's happening in the North American market. Europe is going to continue to be very challenged in terms of demand. That is still significantly down, mainly because of the inflation impacts but also the margins are challenged there with the higher naphtha pricing that we saw. So we've got good momentum coming out of the third quarter going into fourth quarter, seeing some signs of growth in China and really a very challenging market that's going to continue in Europe.
Ken Lane: Yes. So Josh, we're still going to see more capacity coming online next year, and that's why we're going to kind of be bouncing along the bottom. Overall, as an industry, I think, first half of next year and then the hope is in the back end of next year, we start to see some recovery in the market growth comes back to absorb the additional capacity, but there's going to be -- continue to be pressure around new capacity coming in, and that's going to be the biggest watch out for us.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Torkel. Please turn to Slide 15, and I will discuss the results for the technology segment on behalf of Jim Seward. Third quarter EBITDA of $146 million reflected higher licensing revenue and improved catalyst results. In the fourth quarter, we expect that revenue associated with licensing milestones will be unusually low, and catalyst volumes will decrease. As a result, we estimate that full year 2023 technology segment EBITDA will be approximately $30 million lower than full year 2022. As discussed in the beginning of this call, we are targeting a final investment decision for a commercial scale plant using our MoReTec advanced catalytic recycling technology before the end of this year, and hope to share more details in our fourth quarter telephone conference. Please turn to Slide 16, and I will discuss the near-term market outlook by regions and end markets. As you heard from our business leaders, we expect that challenging market conditions will persist through the remainder of the year and into 2024. In addition, we expect additional pressures from typical fourth quarter seasonality associated with holidays and year-end inventory management. In the Americas, pricing is expected to be supported by increased polyethylene exports and stable demand. Integrated polyethylene margins will likely be constrained by higher feedstock costs and new market capacity. We expect that European markets will remain highly challenged. Weak market demand, coupled with rising feedstock and energy costs, are likely to continue to compress margins. In China, markets are slowly improving, and targeted stimulus initiatives seem to be providing some limited benefits. In our end markets, demand for consumer packaging is slow but steady, supported by the consumer and industrial packaging markets. However, our customers continue to keep their inventory levels low. Building and construction markets are slow, but we're watchful for potential benefits in the United States, enabled by stimulus from the Inflation Reduction Act, the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and the Chips & Science Act. We expect demand from automotive production will continue to gain momentum. The UAW strike has not yet materially affected our results. Oxyfuel margins are expected to remain well above historical averages, but declined from third quarter records to a level similar to the first half of 2023. Distillate inventories are expected to remain on the low end of seasonal averages and gasoline inventories have risen with the end of the summer driving season. We will continue to optimize our operating rates to remain in step with market demand. Now let me summarize the third quarter, our outlook and our long-term strategy for the company with Slide 17. Exceptional oxyfuels margins enabled record results from our Intermediates & Derivatives segments. O&P margins were pressured by higher feedstock costs and new industry capacity, amid stable but soft demand. Cash generation was outstanding, with $1.7 billion in cash from operations, which enabled us to return approximately $450 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases as part of our balanced capital allocation framework. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we anticipate seasonally softer demand across our businesses, but we remain confident in our proven ability to navigate challenging markets and deliver results. Our team will continue to remain focused on advancing value creation through the three pillars of our long-term strategy. Our third quarter results demonstrate the benefits from growing our core with new capacity from our PO/TBA assets, and we are upgrading our business portfolio by improving our focus on this core. We are reallocating resources away from noncore assets and businesses.  At the same time, we are rapidly building a comprehensive business model to support the profitable circular and low-carbon solutions business, where LyondellBasell benefits from participation up and down the value chain. And we are transforming our performance and culture to embrace a comprehensive approach to value creation. Our value enhancement program is unlocking value at an accelerating pace. And I am confident we will exceed our 2023 recurring annual EBITDA exit run rate target of $200 million. We are laser-focused in our goal to deliver a more profitable and sustainable growth engine for LyondellBasell. With that, we are now pleased to take your questions.
Peter Vanacker: The team has done quite a lot of very good work as well in the global supply chain management by building up more flexibility in global supply chain and management on oxyfuels as well as on POs. So that will also help in the future.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, David, for your question. I'm actually very, very pleased with how the LyondellBasell team has embraced the value enhancement program. I mean I've done these programs in the past at other companies, and it took longer. We have about 4,000 or 5,000 people now involved. We just went to Phase E in having smaller sites that have now rolled out the Value Enhancement Program, also with a huge amount of success. As we said, I mean, our original target was first year, 150 million exit run rate EBITDA. We increased it to 200 million. Today, we actually said we're going to exceed that 200 million. We haven't changed our 750 million target. But as we have said in the past, I mean, this is not a project. It becomes part of the DNA. So it doesn't have a beginning and an end. So we can definitely say that it's not going to stop at 750 million as a consequence. So we will be able to capture more value. And we see that already happening because the sites that were involved in the first phase, they have already started going again, I mean, through new initiatives, new brainstorming sessions that they have captured. So we already start building up that certain, let's say, that first-level sites already have a new group of projects, new projects identified, I mean, to continue to increase value and creation.
Peter Vanacker: Thanks, Steve. Good question. I mean, of course, we were very pleased that amongst the seven projects that have been announced to receive funding, that the Houston High Velocity project has been included in that. Our project that we have on HROs, our refinery, is part of that high velocity. So we get very good support. That's great. Of course, we continue to develop that project. There's still a lot of steps, I mean, that need to be taken until we are at investment decisions. But it gives, of course, quite a lot of support already to move them into the next step. Having said that, of course, in the transformation of our Houston refinery, we have multiple projects that we are currently looking at. One of those projects is the upgrading of plastic oil that would come out of our MoReTec 2 investment. Remember, MoReTec 1 is the colon hub. MoReTec 2 will be much larger than MoReTec 1. And here, we are looking at the Houston hub. So MoReTec 2 investment in Houston, leveraging upon our equipment like hydro treaters that we have in Houston to upgrade that plastic oil and then having the interconnection through our pipelines with our channel view steam crackers. That's the second project.  Third project that we are looking at is leveraging upon those hydro treaters, to see if we can produce renewable hydrocarbons in the hydro treaters that again would leverage upon feeding them into the steam cracker. So they have a multitude of projects currently that we have in a very early phase, but we are having very dedicated teams analyzing these projects, and we will then, of course, follow the usual CapEx stage gate.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Mike. Very good question. And as you well noted, we are in the midst now of negotiating with the union representatives on the shutdown of that one particular line that we have in the southern part of Italy and Brindisi. Of course, as usual, we continue to look at all the other assets that we have, not just, I mean, limited to the O&P business, but also the I&D business as well as the APS business. I mean some actions you have seen that we have taken. Like, for example, I mean, our joint venture that we have in the [indiscernible] on PO/SM. We have idled that a couple of times already this year, just like we did at the end of last year. So that continues for us to be very important that we look at all these different opportunities. But we have taken, I mean, that decision that we are planning to shut down, I mean, that one line in the southern part of Italy.
Peter Vanacker: Frank, thanks for your question. And absolutely, I mean, you're right. I mean about what we said on Q3, I mean we didn't call it guidance. But anyhow, the fact is, of course, I mean that during Q3, there were a couple of elements that happened in the markets. Like, for example, some of our peers had issues with their oxyfuels capacities. They had to take them offline. And due to the fact, of course, that we had our Holy Grail, I call it, of PO facilities in the world's successfully online, we were able, I mean, of course, to profit from that, not just I mean, with the volumes that we had available, but then also skyrocketing margins in that business. So our team -- there's a lot of details behind it, I mean, how our team was able to steer that between the different regions. And it shows the agility that we have in that business that we -- with those huge capacities that we have available in different parts in the world that we can maximize also the value. Remember, this is a core part of growing and upgrading the core, the first pillar that we have in our strategy. Now we've alluded also, if you talk about Q4, we've alluded to the fact that we have a normal seasonality in Q4. Kim also said with regards to Oxyfuels margins, they are higher, I mean, than what we have seen historically. We have the capacities, I mean, in place. But of course, one cannot always leverage or a situation whereby competition has issues, I mean, with their units. And therefore, we've said, I mean, margins in oxyfuels are going to be more, let's say, on an above historic level, but not on a peak level like it was in Q3. And then asset, I mean what is happening, I mean, at polyethylene and polypropylene and the olefins business. So I think we continue to be prudent when we are looking at Q4.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. Thank you very much, I mean, Vincent, for that question. We've been, let's say, more strategic when we are looking at these kind of investments in funds. So of course, based upon our clearly articulated strategy at the Capital Markets Day, when we look at the second pillar of our strategy, building up a profitable circular and low-carbon solutions business, it's clear that in that area, we are looking at enhancing also our knowledge on what is happening in the marketplace. So that fund ticks that box because we have more visibility on the market. In addition to that, of course, we also want to make sure that we are supporting these early-stage technologies, companies that were in that fund so that they can continue to grow. So it is not a pure just venture financial investments. It's much more also looking at it from a strategic and conceptual point of view.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Kevin, for your questions. I mean remember, I mean, oxyfuel margins what we said in Q3 were exceptional, but we continue because we are the lowest cost producer. We continue to be very comfortable, I mean, with higher margins than what we have seen historically. So I will lead it to Kim to answer in more detail your two questions.
Peter Vanacker: And as you can see, I mean, we have the investments on the PO/TBA plant is a very successful investment as we are running at 70% in total of our capacity. That gives us a huge opportunity also to continue to grow. And again, that fits them into the first pillar of our strategy, growing and upgrading the core because these are markets that are growing.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. You see, I mean, that from Beijing, there is continuously evaluations and incentives that are being put in place. We don't see the construction market now picking up yet. But if you then look, for example, in China, the motive has been 10% year-on-year increase and EV has actually has been closer in to 40%. But on the other hand side, I mean, we see the consumers continue to save, I mean, a lot of money. So savings continue to be at a high level. But more and more of these incentives, one would expect and, of course, also that the confidence will grow in the population in the middle class. And that, of course, would have then its influence on their spending on durable goods as well.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, again. Very good questions. And let me highlight again that we are very pleased, I mean, with the results, considering the market environment that we are in Q3. Great job that has been done by all the teams. We, of course, continue to look forward to sharing updates over the coming months as we continue to also make progress on the implementation of our long-term strategy. We hope you all have a great weekend and a safe one. Therefore, I wish you a great weekend. Stay well and stay safe. Thank you.
