Douglas Pike: Thank you. Welcome to LyondellBasell's fourth quarter 2016 teleconference. I'm joined today by Bob Patel, our CEO; and Thomas Aebischer, our CFO. Before we begin the business discussion, I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyb.com. I'd also like for you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. And actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. Now for more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are available at www.lyb.com/investorrelations. And reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website at www.lyb.com. And finally, I'd like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2 PM Eastern Time today until 11 PM Eastern Time on March 3 by calling 866-467-2412 in the United States, and 203-369-1448 outside the United States. And the passcode for both numbers is 2526. And during today's call, we'll focus on fourth quarter and full year 2016 performance, the current environment, and the near-term outlook. But before turning the call over to Bob, I'd like to call your attention to the non-cash, lower of cost or market inventory adjustments, or LCM, that we have discussed on past calls. As previously explained these adjustments are related to our use of LIFO accounting and the recent decline in prices of our raw material and finished goods inventories. During the fourth quarter we recognized LCM charges totaling $29 million. Comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results excluding the impact of these LCM inventory charges. With that being said, now I'll turn the call over to, Bob.
Douglas Pike: Well this is Doug Don, that’s a little bit hard because we got moving things – in the equation here including production. But you can see over the past couple of years since we've been able to receive meeting crude by pipeline we typically run up towards 30% or so of our crude is Canadian. If the economic are right and the availability is there we can do more stuff. So that will move with economics for us and as Bob said, the more availability, the better they should be.
Douglas Pike: This is Doug again your number of items I don't have them all totaled in front of me, but you could see at the refinery we’re probably looking at upwards to around $200 million plus there. And then if you think on the Olefins side in Americas you had two turnarounds probably it’s more or less about $40 million or so and of course Corpus was down really for three quarters of the year. So you can pick that and basically just look at the volume impact on that. Over in Europe we had two turnarounds. So you had, each one would run about the same as the Morris kind of size.
Douglas Pike: Frank it is running. I mean, it’s running but closer to its pre-expansion rates then opposed to expansion rates.
Douglas Pike: Yes, I think our comments really relates higher oil price and higher drilling - more drilling activity in the Permian and we think eventually in the Eagle Ford. So, it's more towards NGL generally not just ethane as you know, you get propane and butane in certain proposition in mix NGL. So our sense as oil price increase, as crackers come up and there is a destination for the ethane that is otherwise been rejected and there is a market backdrop for more value being created from NGLs and that’s kind of our simply our view.
Bhavesh Patel: Thanks Doug. Good morning to all and thank you for taking the time to join our fourth quarter earnings call. 2016 was another dynamic year for our industry as we saw our crude oil prices were down from the lows of the first quarter and the continuation of relatively type balances in global chemical and polymer markets. For LyondellBasell, it was very busy year within our company as we scheduled and completed twice as many ethylene cracker maintenance turnarounds than we could have in a typical year along with several other growth and reliability projects. Despite these challenges, our company continued to deliver strong results. Let's take a look at Slide 4 and reflect on a few of the more notable financial accomplishments for 2016. Performance continued to be strong with $6.6 billion in EBITDA that resulted in earnings of $9.20 per share and $5.6 billion of cash from operations. We invested $2.2 billion of this cash in our growth and maintenance capital program, while over $4 billion was returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. Our strong dividend yield placed us in the top 10% of the S&P 500 index and our share repurchase program relative to our market capitalization placed us in the top 5% of all S&P 500 companies. Despite the high capital intensity of our industry, the end result is an impressive 30% return on invested capital. As always, I would like to call your attention to Slide 5 and talk briefly about our company's fundamental focus on continuously improving our health, safety, and environmental performance. 2016 was another year of top decile safety performance within our industry. Unfortunately with our increased level of maintenance and expansion work, the number of process safety incidents rose during the year. While I'm pleased to see the continued employee safety improvements, we remained focused on our drive to capture the lessons learnt from our experiences and work towards safety perfection. Our annual results summarized on Slide number 6 provide some perspective on the company’s earnings profile over the past several years and quarters. Our results have proven to be more durable and resilient and many might have thought through the swing in crude oil pricing seen over the past three years. The result shown on the bottom of this slide illustrates quarterly profile similar to 2015 when seasonal trends enabled us to capture the benefits of relatively tight Olefins & Polyolefins markets through the spring and the summer. Margin compression and reduced production due to maintenance reduced profitability late in the year. Slide 7 summarizes some of the notable financial and operating accomplishments for 2016. Our Olefins & Polyolefins Europe, Asia, and International segment and our Technology segment both achieved their second consecutive year of record EBITDA results. Income from equity investments increased to an all time high of $367 million on improved results from our joint ventures in Mexico, Saudi Arabia, and Poland. Our $5.6 billion of cash flow from operations enables us to buy back 37 million shares or 8% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of 2016. We increased our interim dividend by 9% to $0.85 per share bringing our total dividend for 2016 to $3.33 per share, and we continue to optimize our balance sheet with new euro denominated bonds issued at the lowest rate in company history. On the operational side, LyondellBasell remained true to our roots with our strong focus on safety, costs, and manufacturing performance that enabled us to achieve 38 annual production records, despite the heavy maintenance schedule. We finished our 20% U.S. ethylene expansion program with the startup of our Corpus Christi expansion. Unfortunately in early July, the Corpus Christi plant experienced an operational issue which will delay the majority of the benefit from the 800 million pound expansion until late in the second quarter. In the commercial arena, our O&P Americas team have been successful in fully contracting our merchant ethylene volumes through 2019. Finally, we continue to manage our asset portfolio with several small acquisitions, restructuring, and divestitures. As I discussed in our third quarter teleconference, we engaged in investment bank last year to assist us with the testing of the value of our refinery, both as part of our regular reviews of our asset portfolio and due to indications of interest received from third parties. After a thorough process, we elected to retain the refinery. Thomas will now discuss our financial highlights.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, good morning, Arun. First of all on markets, so yes propane and butane have moved up but we typically see that from a seasonal perspective during the heating season. In response to that, ethane cracking rates have been pretty high and ethane prices have been still moderate, I think that indicates that there is still lot of ethane supply and also what you’ve probably noticed of recent is that, co-product values have come up quite a lot, so propylene and butadiene have come up - in the case of butadiene , it has come up globally. So all of that points to better margins in ethylene. Normally, we see more maintenance, planned maintenance during the spring season as demand also picks up, so we are very constructive about our margin outlook and with normal [ph] increases, as you have heard me mentioned there some polymer increases that are out there. So we have to see how all that goes, but I think what underpins markets today is that there is very little inventory and market seems to be very balanced going into the spring season.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, so on methanol, it's benefited from a rise in oil prices in the second half of last year, and as many know, there has been a rise in the coal price in Asia as well. So we see that sort of underpinning cost for these marginal producers in Asia and with globally high operating rates in ethylene, I think that's the higher flow. With regards to I&D, certainly the higher methanol prices are favorable for us in the I&D segment. Styrene remains very tight, it seems, and there has been some upward movement in pricing there. In oxyfuels, we are expecting better year this year, as a year ago there was a lot of inventory in gasoline, and so crack spreads have declined and also blend premiums were much lower, so we see some upward movement in methanol, styrene, and oxyfuels as we work through the year, those markets should be pretty good.
Bhavesh Patel: So, we clearly had - you saw the change in networking capital on one end and on the other end we had significantly lower cash tax for 2016. Main reason for the significantly lower cash tax expense is the 2015 retroactive enactment of accelerated tax depreciation in the U.S., but we have significantly overpaid in 2015, which we didn’t receive the benefit in 2016. Or maybe just continue on this looking at the cash tax rate for 2017 that will be again higher than what you have seen in 2016 somewhere around 22 - between 22% and 24%.
Bhavesh Patel: I mean those are probably just quarter-to-quarter sort of changes in markets, but fundamentally I think our operating rates point higher margin and the softness in operating rate that I alluded to is more about late 2017 through 2018. There are some of the new capacity comes online. But as you know there have been delays and so we'll have to see how that goes. To the extent that in the case of ethylene there is more propane or butane cracking and certainly that would yield less ethylene and therefore high ethylene. I think that fundamental relationship still largely holds.
Bhavesh Patel: In the case of Corpus we had an operating issue, we have to make some repairs over there and the net effect is that we'll realized a little bit of our expanded volume will resume sort of production of the full prior volume. And then as we move into the second quarter we'll fully ramp up on that expansion. So we are just working through a few errors, which will take us couple of months. So that's Corpus and now on refining margins we have not really provided outlooks for our refinery per se. But I'll tell you we're focused on as more reliable operation over there. Our team has a really great plan and they are executing on that plan. They are very committed to very different year this year. And once we’re done with this FCC and through unit turnaround that we are in right now, there is really nothing else planned at the refinery for the rest of the year in terms of major maintenance.
Bhavesh Patel: Well, so let's talk a little about why that's happening. First of all I think it’s an indication of very strong demand on globally for butadiene and market has come back a long way from lows that we saw couple of years ago. In Asia we saw very strong buying in fourth quarter and even ahead of Lunar New Year holiday, which is not typical. Normally you see activity really get quite over there and the people are buying we think that there are few factors that are driving some of the buying and what might impact Q1.  First of all I guess there was some fires in the national rubber plantations so the fairly heavy cracker maintenance schedule for both Asia and Europe in Q1 and Q2. European crackers have shifted to more LPG cracking which yield less butadiene. So let me put all that together there is less butadiene expected global in terms of supply in the near-term and demand seems to be very robust. As far as pricing outlook certainly market look to be very tight in the near-term, so we'll have to see how demand develops.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, we are always looking for those opportunities and we have excess capacity. But I think because of the planned maintenance in Europe, which is usually the exporting regions, it's unlikely that we are going to build access much more. Also I mentioned that we have a turnaround going on in our C4 unit in Q1. So I think in Q2 we will be better positioned to take advantage of incremental importance of the crude butadiene, we're always looking for that Jonas.
Bhavesh Patel: Well, as I mentioned earlier in my prepared remarks that on Corpus Christi we'll probably see our expansion at full rates late Q2. So that expansion is 800 million pounds you could probably take about half of that all from the number and I think the rest is about rise, so I would deduct 400 million from that number.
Bhavesh Patel: Aleksey, it seems to us that because of some of the timing of derivatives being ahead of crackers in the ethylene market looks to be very balanced type in 2017. We will have to see how crackers operate. But in the past generally you have seasonal upticks in demand in Q2 and Q3, usually the period when there is planned maintenance. And with more derivatives more of the derivative capacity maybe being phased to couple of quarters ahead of crackers, there is a potential for very constructive ethylene market in 2017. So that mentioned in my earlier comments, we contracted our merchant ethylene through 2019 now. So no cracker turnarounds, we already run pullout other than Corpus in the first half.
Bhavesh Patel: No, please note that tax really wasn’t a factor frankly in our decision. As we engage in the evaluations in the middle of the year if you think about how market evolves, market is softened through the year refining outlook became weaker. Frankly our operations were disappointing and we're working on that. So we had both internal and external factors moving the long way. And our conclusion was that is not the right time to make a move. So we're firmly focused on improving the operation over there and controlling the things that are in our hands, as well as we can.
Bhavesh Patel: And demand has been growing at 4% plus globally even Europe is seeing 1.5% kind of growth rates. So our view first of all is that demand growth is still going to be in mid 4s% year-over-year. There’s spacing in the capacity that is coming in the U.S. as I just mentioned in the prior question that ethylene is going to be fairly balance or tight so that will probably underpin polyethylene pricing. And so our expectation is that we still see pretty good market in polyethylene through this year and may be seasonally in the fourth quarter you see softer demand, but yet more capacity coming that will probably increase the need to export I would suspect from the U.S. but I’m pretty constructive for most of the year given that ethylene is going to be pretty tight we think.
Bhavesh Patel: Well, we first think about is, what are our strengths and how can we leverage those to create value and our focus is on safe and reliable and cost efficient operations. I think we understand how to operate in commodity markets and allocate capital. I&D has the stability of more of a specialty type of business, but still fits more of a commodity sort of product profile. So downstream in I&D certainly is interesting and in the odd period where we are today is still fairly wide open. So these are kind of things we’re going to try to elaborate on in our Analyst Day in April. So we’ll frame this much better and help everyone to understand how we think about long-term grow for LyondellBasell so stayed tuned.
Bhavesh Patel: And perhaps in the interest of so I’m just looking at time here and length of the queue so I’m going to ask people if they could stay to one question please, I apologize for that need but it's still fairly long queue of questions. Okay thanks David.
Bhavesh Patel: With respect to the Keystone certainly more crude getting to the Gulf Coast heavier crude is in our wheelhouse so to speak that's a heavy processing refinery that we own. And so that's positive for us. Our focus is on running at consistently at the highest rates possible. I have met with team over there a couple of weeks ago and they have a great plan, look forward to them executing the plan and getting back to what we know that refinery can do and that our focus.
Bhavesh Patel: And those volumes we had highlighted those in our Q3 earnings call slides so I think you can refer to those for the volume impacts.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, so on converter inventory our sense is that they’re normal to be a little bit below normal both here and in Asia and the reason I say that is we saw pretty good buying in polyethylene both here and in Asia, in Asia especially prior to the Lunar New Year. Normally things go very quite over there and they didn’t this year. So our sense is that demand and inventories are such that there was a need to buy. In terms of the new capacity being exported where would it go certainly for ethylene derivatives Asia is a primary destination and just given the balances and demand growth over there is a need for polyethylene. For example for Asia so we think the market is there and in terms of the dollar I suspect if the market is there then prices will adjust accordingly depending on however the dollar shape up. So I kind of think more fundamentally about supply demand and it seems operating rates it should be very constructive globally in 2017.
Bhavesh Patel: Well again I come back to global operating rates and I think with MTO the first thing we got to think about is that capacity needed to meet demand. And I think the answer is yes, the operating rates are high enough that that last incremental capacity is needed. MTO costs are somewhere around 51, 52 I think ethylene price in Asia is about 50 but very close. And so I suspect that if the need is there then prices would have to rise to cover the cost of this high cost producer. And so that’s what we’ll be watching for as Q1 develops. But our sense is that MTO will continue to operate given where demand is globally and I thinking prices have to be particularly in the money.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So, Steve if you would look at IHS balances even from two years ago they had a lot more CTO capacity than you would see today, if you look in the balances and to your point beyond the environmental considerations oil prices have come up as well and CTO processes require water. So there are lots of things that point to less CTO. We see a bit of that because we have a view into that market given our licensing business and we do see moderation in activity. On the demand side now - I think polyethylene demand is going to continue to grow at very good rates and it seems to me that the need for imports will be consistently there. And I think if you look at global balances over time U.S. capacity - additional capacity should be absorbed relatively quickly compared to prior cycles that we have seen.
Bhavesh Patel: I am still - I was tearing up earlier just reading that, that Doug leaving, Frank. Look we are going to miss Doug, he's been a great force in the company and frankly you know he helped me during my transition two years ago and was really invaluable, Though I'll probably say, there is few other times in different forms, we really appreciated everything he's done. Unfortunately, we have Dave who has a lot of experience, has been an understudy for about a year under Doug. So, I am expecting Dave to not only make up that 100 bps- it’s going to be his KPI.
Bhavesh Patel: No, I am sorry about that. So let me explain perhaps I didn't say it properly earlier. There are not separate units. It's one unit essentially and to be very simplistic we increased the size of just about everything, but its one factor at the end of the day. We have one part of that unit that is not able to run at full rates. Therefore, we cannot run all of our furnaces and process everything through. So there is no cost overrunning act beyond what we know today. It’s just a matter of some repairs and requires long lead equipment. And so we’re expediting that as much as possible and our aim is to ramp-up the full rates towards the end of Q2, but just it’s one unit there are not separate units.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. Good morning, Duffy. So this fading of derivatives and crackers in the industry, it’s sort of the emerge - that middle of 2016. I think it’s very temporary. We are talking about a couple of quarters not structural. Structurally in our view the story hasn't changed and so if you think about our derivative expansion, our polyethylene expansion is targeted to come on stream somewhere in the middle of 2019 and that will consume some of these debottleneck ethylene that we've already got coming to market. And then that last expansion debottleneck that we have delayed. We still intend to do it. So structurally there is no change it’s more just near-term saving in the big projects which is probably two or three quarters not even a full year.
Bhavesh Patel: There is always a little bit of noise and variation across the benchmark to our actual site and it’s nothing really unusual some quarter go one way, some will go the other kind of depend on mix, mix of raw materials and operating rates and also your sales mix but nothing more than that.
Bhavesh Patel: I think - again given sort of the challenges we had in the operations at the plant and if you recall in Q3 and Q4 outlook for the industry was being revised for the refining industry and so as we were trying getting through all of that perhaps we had different views on the capability of the refinery, as well as how the market might evolve. And there are lots of moving parts and as I had mentioned in the Q3 call it's not something that we felt we have to do, if there is a right value we would do it. As you know we have a very balance sheet. We generate a lot of cash so it's sort of it's not something that's necessary as a precedent doing something else. So it's really at the end of the day our view of value versus the buyers view value.
Bhavesh Patel: That something we are watching closely and we import most of the crude oil that we process there as you know. So, it would have an impact but when we think more broadly about the different strategies that are being discussed certainly lower corporate tax rate and more balanced energy and environmental regulations and all those things, those certainly will benefit and so - we just have to watch and see how that develops and suspect that something like that were in place eventually downstream prices would adjust and we'd have to think about the second and third order effects of all that.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, I think that’s difficult to predict about inventories and I suspect that I can only got out from my experience that on startups it's not that predictable in terms of will be making product on ex-date. So I suspect that people looked balances and say there is - there are merchant seller's who have ethylene and we'll buy such that we price ethylene in the market and sell derivatives in the market. So again I think in terms of ethylene tight perhaps a bit stronger I would say. We are going to be – certainly going to see very balanced markets but I don’t think they’re going to be short, I think that's the word you'd use, I mean, tight is probably characterization. And then we’ll see how everyone operates. So - and this is through Q2 and Q3.
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So those have largely are now rolled off. Look at those back in 2011 and 2012 associated with our expansion but we should be able to take advantage of the upside.
Bhavesh Patel: Thank you. All right. So with that being the last question let me provide some closing thoughts here. First of all thank you for hanging in there a little bit beyond the hour. Thanks for all of your thoughtful questions and on conclusion markets are still relatively balanced and for us the past year was a year of really high maintenance both planned and unplanned throughout the Company and I think that’s positioned us well to serve what we think are very constructive markets and developing in 2017. So we look forward to updating you on our progress as we move through the year. Thank you for your interest in our company.
