Peter Vanacker: Thanks, Torkel. I would like to thank the entire LyondellBasell team for delivering such resilient results during a very challenging year. To close out on the segments, let's turn to Slide 19 and discuss the results for our technology business on behalf of Jim Seward. During the fourth quarter, licensing revenue moderated after exceptionally strong results in the third quarter due to the timing of licensing milestones. Nonetheless, EBITDA for the segment exceeded the fourth quarter of the prior year. Fourth quarter catalyst volumes were higher than any quarter since the third quarter of 2022. First quarter results for the technology segments were expected to improve due to increased licensing revenue and a further rise in catalyst volumes compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. As Ken mentioned earlier, we will utilize our proprietary MoReTec technology as we build our first commercial scale advanced recycling plant in Germany. I'm very proud of the work our R&D team embarked on years ago to develop this differential and advantage technology from lab to commercial scale. Let me now summarize our outlook with Slide 20. As we begin 2024, the majority of our businesses are continuing to face the slow demand seen in the fourth quarter of 2023. But we are seeing a few early signs of improvement. Our North American O&P business is seeing modest demand improvements. In Europe, order trends were improving from a very low level as our O&P customers begin to pursue modest restocking. For the year, we expect normal seasonal demand improvements to begin near the end of the first quarter and continue through the summer. As we progress through the second half of the year, we expect demand to benefit from moderating interest rates and reduced inflation. Durable goods are a critical market for LYBs products. Demand for durable goods lacked the economy during 2022 and 2023. As markets digested the extraordinary high levels of consumer activity that prevailed during pandemic era stimulus. We expect that moderating interest rates, reduced inflation and infrastructure-related stimulus spending will begin to support a gradual return to a healthier demand for durable goods during the second half of this year. China is the largest market for chemicals, exceeding North America and Europe combined, and we continue to watch closely for targeted stimulus and other measures that could drive improved economic growth in China. In the meantime, LYB will continue to advance on our strategic goals. We are actively managing our portfolio to grow and upgrade our core businesses. We will continue to see actions supporting the growth of regional hubs that will serve as the engines for our profitable circular and low-carbon solutions business. And our work to embed value creation into our corporate culture will continue to deliver results through our value enhancement program. We're now pleased to take your questions.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Stephen. As usual, very good question from your side. To start with, as we alluded to, I mean, we're still a bit prudent on the guidance for Q1. But when we are looking at the second half of this year, a couple of things that I want to point to. This has been the longest downturn that we have seen as far as I can look back in our history. So one would expect I mean that there will be, if you look at inflation rates going down, interest rates going down, more consumer confidence in Europe maybe also in China, that demand would go up. So from a demand side, one would expect that demand would go up. And that covers not only the O&P business, but also if you look at durable groups, especially. As we all know, demand has been very low last year in durable goods, which, of course, has a lot to do with very high interest rates and therefore, consumer behavior so also, you would expect that durable goods demand would go up, I mean, especially in the second half of this year. The United States, as you know, has been quite robust. We have been able to navigate. You see robust margins also on the polyethylene side. And also here, as you know, inflation rates are going down. You see already a little bit of indications. There is more house builds, houses [indiscernible] that are being sold. And that, of course, has a direct impact on demand for durable goods.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Steve. Also a good question on NATPET. First of all, I mean, we are very pleased that we were able to sign this deal that has been work of a core team in our company where I was personally, of course, deeply involved during quite an important period of time to come to this conclusion. When you look at the amount of money that we paid and Ken alluded to that in his remarks, then one cannot just look at the EBITDA, mid-cycle EBITDA to $150 million for the entire company. But what you don't see and what needs to take into consideration is the fact that we are the path to market, so we are generating value for the company that comes out of selling the products outside of Saudi Arabia to our other markets. And therefore, also strategically very important because we have a very sustainable low-cost feedstock basis that we have negotiated that is included in the deal so that we are better positioned in Polypropylene to go to certain markets where maybe today, we don't have the best position. And here, let's not forget that we did close '19 at our Brindisi assets in Italy as well. In addition to that, as we alluded to, we have the income streams generated out of our license agreements. We have the opportunity to continue to invest with the second line next to the existing lines to capture synergies there. And that's why Ken alluded to the fact that with the current deal, we are in iron ore, which is above 12%. But then as we do the second step, then we would be higher to say, I mean, quite higher than 12% or no final investment decision yet, but it is also part of the consideration in doing that first.
Peter Vanacker: Happy birthday, Dave. We heard that you have your birthday today. Good question. If I take 1 step back on the I&D business in Q4, maybe a couple of numbers and stay with me so $265 million, excluding identified items is the EBITDA that we generated in Q4. But one needs to take into consideration, of course, that we had a heavy LIFO impact of $95 million. So if I add the LIFO impact of $95 million, then exit the underlying results were $360 million for Q4 comparing to Q4 2022 which was $291 million. So a quite underlying performance, good quarter in IND and I did not even take into consideration the fact that we had scheduled turnarounds bottleneck as well as in Bayport. So we alluded to that, in our guidance at the time when we released the Q3 results of an impact of about $120 million. So we laying quite a good quarter in IND. And of course, part of that was also due to the fact that we very successfully started up our PO/TBA plant. The new PO/TBA plant, we alluded to mid-cycle margins, $450 million. We said last year in year one. So that means 2023. We would run at a minimum of 50% nameplate capacity. We overachieved that target. We ran at approximately a little bit more than 60%, I would say. And then, also when we look at this year, we will continue to ramp up, and we will do it in a very disciplined way, reflecting on market demand for propylene oxide and oxyfuels. But one may see further progress, I would say, probably going to 70%, maybe exceeding 70% capacity utilization. And then when we move into 2025, that's where one would see the full benefit of the PO/TBA plant in terms of capacity utilization.
Peter Vanacker: Well, Michael, you said it yourself. I mean, Q1, still modest Q2 seasonal demands have been picking up. And then what I said at the beginning also second half of the year, we expect at least, that we will see interest rates going down demand for durable goods, I mean going up, some recovery in Europe, some recovery in China. So as a consequence, if you added all that, one would expect that earnings are going to be better than last year.
Peter Vanacker: And may I add to that also, you probably noticed some news flow around China, phasing out chlorine-based propylene oxide technologies towards 2025. The majority of propylene oxide capacity in China that would be phased out for time which also fits for us very well together with our global strategy, the successful start-up of our PO/TBA plant. And we are running this business successfully under Kevin's leadership from a global basis.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. And we see the future also in Europe. You see also that regulation is progressing in terms of renewable and circular solutions which is actually also what we are focusing upon, I mean, with quite a lot of activities in terms of building [indiscernible], the final investment decision for our MoReTec-1 facility, but lots of joint ventures and feedstock cooperations that we have built up in the meantime. So that in Europe, I continue to believe that these circular and renewable solutions, they demand, local supply chains. So therefore, it will be very important to have such a leading position in a local market with the access to brand owners or EPS business, access to OEMs as well.
Peter Vanacker: And then we also, at the Capital Markets Day guided to words, that what is the CapEx level that we are investing so sustainable CapEx around. I mean that $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion a year. And then the growth CapEx, we also said we're going to be pretty much in the range of our historic spending somewhere between $2 billion and $3 billion on a yearly basis depending on how these projects come. So I think that helps you, to do the back of the unloved calculation, whatever cash flow number you take.
Peter Vanacker: Okay. Thank you, again, for all the excellent questions. And of course, I also want to thank our global team for delivering outstanding value and maximizing cash conversion during these challenging times. We look forward to sharing more updates over the coming months with further progress on our long-term strategy. We wish you all a great weekend and stay well, stay safe. Thank you.
Michael McMurray: Yes. I mean what I'd say is that the guidance that we gave at Capital Markets Day for CapEx remains intact. As a reminder, we said over the period, '23 to '25 on average, we'd spend $2 billion. We guided to $2.1 billion today. And as Peter said, the expectation for the CLC SR circularity business it's about 15% to 20% over the period. Now specifically around inorganic growth. I'd probably say a couple of things. I think at our Capital Markets Day, we were clear that we hope to get some M&A done over the next few years. I think we were pretty clear the criteria that we shared in regards to growing and upgrading the core. I think the Sasol joint venture, our new PO/TBA facility, the circularity investments that we've made and the refining exit are all great examples and then our recent announcement of our EO and D exit is another great example. And quite frankly, it was a great valuation with the best owner mindset. We also shared our approach to growth through M&As and joint ventures at our Capital Markets Day. And I think with our Damped acquisition, we're off to a great start, and this clearly fits the framework, which we shared back in March. And then, it also has a great opportunity for future attractive growth. And then finally, at our March Capital Markets Day, we shared our goal of getting to $10 billion of EBITDA normalized EBITDA in 2027, which assumed we would deploy roughly the remaining 30% of our free cash flow that we haven't returned to investors to fund our future M&A ambitions. But I want to be clear about a couple of things. Our commitments to investors remain steadfast and our capital allocation principles and priorities remain unchanged. We will be disciplined acquirers we will not burn it in your cash. We will not build a lazy balance sheet. If we can't find compelling transactions, we'll give back more of your cash to you.
Michael McMurray: Yes. What I'd say, I mean, hopefully, you heard my prepared remarks, Vincent, so the benefit, the actual benefit in our P&L for 2023 was approximately $300 million. And then we guided for '24 for an exit run rate of $600 million. Now if you're trying to draw a line from '23 to '25, it looks like that kind of the pace of change slows a bit. But keep in mind that last year, we focused on low-hanging fruit, things that didn't require investment and that we could execute upon very quickly. So we're in kind of building up projects again as we sit in this year, but we have high confidence in the outlook that we gave up to $1 billion in 2025 and again, $300 million of P&L benefit in '23, actual.
Michael McMurray: Yes. I'm happy to talk through it. So yes, I mean, the ETR, we guided to of 20% is up roughly 1 percentage point versus what was in 2023. So not a huge story. There's a few give and takes. Now we did guide our cash tax rate to be up a couple of percentage points versus last year and also our ETR from 2023 and that's largely driven by a decrease in U.S. tax depreciation and also the gain on the sale of our EO&D business. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Michael McMurray: Not sure I fully understand your question, but it's pretty typical when you're giving payout targets to give it on the free cash flow line versus operating cash flow.
