Karyn F. Ovelmen: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to Slide #6, which shows our second quarter EBITDA by segment. The quarter generally reflected the trends and conditions that prevailed throughout 2012 and last quarter. O&P-Americas generated record EBITDA of $951 million. The combination of continued strong ethylene margins and production drove these results. O&P-EAI EBITDA was $295 million, reflecting a second consecutive strong quarter. Several factors contributed to this performance, including favorable raw material cost variability, competitors' downtime and increased LPG cracking at our ethylene plants. The Intermediates & Derivatives segment generated EBITDA of $338 million. Scheduled maintenance turnarounds at several PO plants caused a decline in results, which was partially offset by stronger oxyfuel results. Refining segment EBITDA was a disappointing $20 million. Declining light to heavy crude differentials, coupled with increased RIN costs, were largely responsible for the results. On the right side of the slide, we have plotted segment EBITDA for the last 12 months. Across the period, we have benefited from strong and growing O&P-Americas ethylene margins and generally strong Intermediates & Derivatives results. Our O&P-EAI results have experienced some volatility, benefiting during 2013 from favorable timing factors and other items that I just highlighted. Refining has been quite challenging, but we have taken action to broaden our operating window and better position us as the crude oil delivery infrastructure further develops. Now let's turn to Slide #7 and see how we deployed the cash. Second quarter operations generated $1.2 billion cash, exclusive of working capital changes. A portion of our anticipated inventory reductions materialized in the quarter but were offset by timing impacts and accounts receivables and payables. Capital spending has been consistent with plan at approximately $390 million. During the quarter, we increased our dividend to $0.50 per share and paid the interim dividend at this level. We also repurchased approximately 5.4 million shares, reducing our outstanding shares to approximately 570 million at the end of the quarter. In total, during the quarter, we committed approximately $650 million to our dividends and share repurchases. We also made cash tax payments of approximately $640 million. Our cash balances increased by approximately $355 million. On the right side of the slide, you see similar metrics for the last 12 months. I want to highlight a few items. First, combined operations in working capital generated $5.4 billion. From this cash flow, we invested $1.4 billion in our capital program and returned $2.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while increasing the cash balance by $1.3 billion. On Slide #8, we provide further detail of working capital and metrics that we track. Before I turn the call back to Jim, I want to mention that during July, we issued 10- and 30-year bonds totaling $1.5 billion in principal. The bonds secure an average coupon of 4.6%. These bonds were the first that we have issued in investment-grade space. We're very pleased with issuance both in terms of the support to investors and the rates that we received. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Yes, the majority of that -- really all that was really done in the latter part of the quarter in June. But going forward, really no change in terms of our commitment to returning the cash strictly to shareholders, more frequently, varied amounts. We have no other meaningful accretive alternatives. We will authorize for 10% of the shares, and then the Management Board Supervisory Board provided approval for execution of that over 12 months. But as far as the specifics on the mechanics or the tactics, so to speak, on the execution, we intend to disclose any of that buyback activity in hindsight in connection with our future earnings calls or our quarterly reporting. So as we disclosed today in terms of what we executed on the second quarter, we'll continue to do that as we go forward.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Yes, we just recently reached that investment-grade milestone, so it was important for us in terms of getting those benchmarks out there. So we're very, very happy with the tenure and the rates reserve on both a 10-year and a 30-year benchmark. As we've discussed in the past, we understand that there still continued to be some opportunity and flexibility in that balance sheet. As we continue to season in this investment-grade space, we continue to work with the rating agencies, we'll continue to look to see how we can be very opportunistic and optimize that balance sheet. But no specific targets in that regard, but we do understand we have some flexibility there.
James L. Gallogly: I think the number, Jeff, is around $20 million, and the market was extremely strong. In the past, there's been competitive pressures. And so I think we're seeing a more normal course for now until that extra capacity is used up.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, the BD market has contracted some. That was particularly true in Europe, and now what we're seeing -- the export arbitrage was open to the United States. We've seen some cargoes move in this direction. And as a result of that, we'll see the margins contract some. I'm happy to tell you that in the expansion project that we had at Wesseling, we put in forward pricing. We wanted to ensure that, that project had a very nice return. And so we're going to see nice margins from that expansion despite the overall reduction and industry pricing in BD.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, at this point in time, the inventories of propane are coming in a little bit within somewhat historic levels. Pricing is still good for us in the crack, and so we are continuing to bring it in to our olefin numbers. Butane has been a nice surprise, been very long in the summer, and that's come into the crack as well. And I think that's helping hold propane where it's at. There's going to be a need for more propane export before you see propane come in a lot. So I think we're okay for right now. As you know, my longer-term view is that propane will trade more in line with crude oil type metrics on heating value basis, given that you can put it on a boat and transport it. And so I've not been as enthusiastic about PDH units as some of our competitors.
James L. Gallogly: Well, you heard that we had increased our LPG cracking to 37% in Europe. During this time of year, we do that, but it was much better than is typical. We had some nice earnings there, and we're able to take advantage of it. Let me give you kind of an interesting fact. At Berre now, remember, we shut the refinery down, which used to be a feed prep unit for that cracker. And over the last days, we're only cracking about 20%, 25% naphtha in that unit, a lot more condensates, quite a bit of propane, some butane. So we'll see how it develops over time. But we have a lot of communication between our U.S. assets and our European assets in how to get the best out of our furnaces. So I don't want to quantify that number today, but we're working it very, very hard. We saw about $45 million in this last quarter from it, but we're working hard to make that number bigger.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, right now, ethane pricing remains very, very favorable to us. We've been kind of at that reject kind of pricing. Today, it's $0.255, something in that range. We feel very good about it going forward. And of course, when we take our Iowa facility down, that's going to put some more pressure on Conway. That will help us a bit at Morris, and we'll see that full dynamic play out. That turnaround may be $50 million, $60 million in the quarter impact to us, but we feel very good about ethane pricing right now. And if you look at inventories, they're still at historic highs. So quite a bit, 200,000, 250,000 barrel per day type of rejection, so we're in good shape.
James L. Gallogly: Well, I did a couple of days ago, but I'm starting to rethink that estimate. It might be worthwhile for me to give you a little bit of a flavor for where that's been. But first, let me tell you that in the last couple of days, those prices have come way down. Yesterday, RIN prices hit $0.91 for a little bit, and they're trading around $1 right now. So that's a lot lower than that $1.40 or so, or $1.50 occasionally that we've been seeing. But let me give you a sense for how that's been working. I thought that topic would come up. In the first quarter of '12, it was about $0.15; second quarter, $0.17; third quarter, $0.18; fourth quarter, $0.18. And the impact last year, $30 million, plus or minus. When you look at the first quarter of this year, $0.78 on average, $25 million impact. Second quarter is $0.91 and a $47 million impact. So if you took that and annualize it, you can get numbers in the $200 million range. But as I said, things have started to come in. I'm hoping that our Congress is seeing that the market is so distorted that the ability to blend that extra ethanol into the system doesn't exist, and it's hurting consumers at the pump. There's a good reason to fix it now and save everybody a bit of money and stop this market distortion. It's also forcing refineries to move product overseas, which is -- in a peak driving season with gasoline prices going up, isn't the right thing for our country. So I'm hoping people pay attention, make some adjustments and we see less of it.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, well, we have been trying to improve that operation. While we had strong results in Europe, I'll tell you, we also left some money on the table. We could have done better. You heard my comments about safety. Some people say I'm never satisfied, and I think that's probably true. We're always seeking perfection in our operations. We're getting it from our Olefins team in the U.S. We left some money on the table in Europe, could have done a bit better there. But it's been good, and there's various reasons. One, we're improving our crack. I mentioned more LPG cracking. We've been taking costs out. We previously said a couple of hundred million dollars. We're seeing that show up now. Remember, that as we reduce headcount and all, it takes a year or 2 for that to show up because of severance programs in Europe and how that operates versus the United States. So the payouts are a little longer. But it's action that still needs to be taken to reduce the cost structure. We announced that polyethylene facility closing in Wesseling. We reached agreement with the works council, several hundred people coming off the payroll there. We have a major program in R&D that's underway in Europe, a little bit in the United States, but primarily in Europe. And we're taking a lot of costs out there. To give a sense for that, within our Frankfurt R&D facility, it will be about half the people; and in Italy, it's 25% or so. So we're really tuning up our operation to make sure that we get full value for everything we do. And you're seeing it show up in the bottom line. Now the other thing I want to mention about Europe is we have a lot of stable businesses within the portfolio. Obviously, the "I" stands for international. We have Middle East assets. We have some joint ventures that contribute. Our polybutene-1, our compounded business have nice stable type earnings. And so kind of half of the EAI numbers are very stable, and we've performed well there. So we're going to keep working costs and reliability in Europe, and more to come on that, Vincent.
James L. Gallogly: I might add that in the last 12 months, we returned $2.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and also increased our cash balance $1.3 billion. So we're very committed to both generating and returning cash.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, well, remember, we had some turnaround activity stuff going on, and we had just an incredibly strong 2012 due to some market conditions. They're strong at Poland and South America on MTBE for a period of time and a few other things going on. So we think that business is performing very well. We've got a butane advantage. Gasoline prices weren't as strong as we had hoped in the second quarter. But right now, they're a little better. We sell ETBE in Europe, and some of those margins are very nice. It's just a good business overall, and we're the industry leader in oxyfuels in the world. So what you're seeing is good solid performance out of that business and pretty proud of it.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, Chris, that took no new capital at all. It's just how we ran our furnaces and optimized the back-end of our crackers, so there's no investment period. And we see more opportunity to do that, so we'll continue to press on that. One of the things that's happened is we've taken more South Texas condensates into our system here in the Gulf Coast. That's freed up some of the condensates that we used to import, for instance, from the Middle East and made those available in Europe. And so we're rerouting some of those feedstocks into our crackers there at margins that are better than NAFTA type pricing. So we'll continue to do that, try to improve that crack, increase the competitiveness of those assets and work it really hard.
James L. Gallogly: Well, everything depends on price. Really, I'd be surprised if it came available, one, if it's the things that I'm aware of, it's probably not the quality of assets we typically chase; and two, if it's small enough, somebody else may bid up that price. And so we're still totally about value. We see a real benefit in buying more of ourselves through share repurchases because we like our earnings profile, our cash profile and the quality of the assets that we have.
James L. Gallogly: Well, right now, we've announced 1.8 billion pounds of added capacity here in the Gulf Coast, which is almost equivalent to a world-scale cracker. We've got concrete being poured, steel in the ground and those assets coming up. And we feel we'll beat everybody to the punchline and de-risked these investments. We're watching all these announcements. And also right now -- we said we might do a condo cracker. But right now, we're working really hard to get those projects we have announced to the fruition stage, so feel pretty good about our portfolio right now. And as we said, we're investing more in ourselves. That's another way to acquire more assets is to buy our shares.
James L. Gallogly: One of the things that's probably gone unnoticed is where we would talk about our reliability all the time and our olefins chain, we're a lot stronger operator in our acetyls business as well. We've teamed up those assets, learned how to run them better, put a little money into maintenance. And we're seeing the positive results. And of course, that's an extra bite at the cheap natural gas price apple. So that's a good strong business, we like it.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, Hassan, there'll always be a little bit of restocking that goes on when naphtha prices start to rise like we saw. At the moment, those naphtha prices are sitting in the kind of $870 range, so they've tapered off a little bit from their highs. But it's also a better time seasonally for people to buy. Certain of the types of polyethylenes have been pretty strong. Some of that is competitor-related, some of it is just market-related seasonality. But it's been okay. The good news is our team is really capturing the opportunities as they present themselves. There've been pretty quick on their feet. And when the opportunities exist, they strike, and that's adding up. These kind of earnings that we're seeing, well, I call them strong compared to what they've been in history, certainly not anywhere near the peak. These are trough-type returns still in Europe and a lot of running room as markets get tighter over the coming years.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, there are some of those plants going to be built. The capital is really, really high. But then once you get those assets running, their operating costs are competitive. A lot of that's Central China, different market space. And remember that you get kind of a half-and-half mix between ethylene and propylene. And so you can't just translate all that capacity as extra ethylene into ethylene derivative type capacity. I think that's something that everybody needs to watch. I think there's a lot of announcements and not everything announced is going to be built. If you look at the timing of the permits and all, I've seen some of our competitors start to run into some challenges on their permits, maybe going to slow them down a little. We'll see how that all develops. But we just got our Channelview permit, and so couple of our big projects are marching along. And we're very pleased to see that.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, Don, the spot prices that come in a little bit, you'll see on a daily basis. They'll bounce $0.01, $0.02, $0.03. They certainly come in from where they were when there was so much turnaround work going on. But they're still pretty strong, especially when you compare them to the contracts, so a good solid market. South America is a little lighter than it was. But having said that, we're only exporting 13% of our volumes. And that's going Mexico, South America, almost nothing to Asia from our U.S. polyolefins operations. And we're seeing very strong demand in certain of the flavors, like high-density is super short. Brazil has got some expansion going on, but it's not particularly relevant to us. I think things are holding up fine. Ethane prices are still cheap, and we're running full bore.
James L. Gallogly: I know the industry is asking for complete relief and let the markets solve themselves and let's get government out of the middle of things. We only run one refinery. We're a chemical company that has a high-quality refining asset. We'd like to see all this short-term market distortion be eliminated. We're not going to get into retail with our one refinery to solve that problem. But we would like to see normalcy. If we could get a realistic target for ethanol in the blend, refiners would still blend it. There'd still be business conducted, but it's all artificial at this point in time. And it's driving up the price for the consumer, and there's really no point in that. It needs to be fixed. How it's ultimately fixed, we'll have a voice, but we're one refinery in a much larger system. But again, I mentioned there's too much exporting going on. That's being driven by misguided regulation.
James L. Gallogly: Well, it's already been positive to us, particularly at Channelview and also at Corpus. There has been advantage condensates coming our way. I think that number is going to increase, but we're already kind of maxing out our systems. So I don't expect there to be more volume. It'd just be a question of will the prices continue to come in for us as we expect. In terms of a condensate splitter, we're always trying to think of ways to improvise and make a little extra money. You saw that in the fractionation project that we're sponsoring down at Corpus. There's a possibility that we could do a few things in a condensate splitter or down in that operation with some of the existing hardware that we have. We're studying it. We'll see if it makes sense. But we're going to be very opportunistic in all of this.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, I think that would be pretty modest to us. We don't see it right now a lot. But as I said, gasoline prices were lower. Some of that ends up in the pool over time. But I don't think it's going to have a significant material impact. And now we're very interested in the light-heavy dip, and that started to open up a little bit.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, on the amount of RIN cost being passed on to the consumer, I've seen a variety of commentaries on that, and I'll give you my most simple explanation of it. When gasoline prices are rising and gasoline is a little tight, we're going to be able to pass on a lot more of it. When pricing is weak, when gasoline is long, we're going to have to digest it. And I think first, second quarter, until more recently when gas prices -- gasoline cracks has started to open, I think we were absorbing a lot of the RIN cost. You saw it in our reduced earnings. At this point in time, I think some of it is getting passed through to the consumer, and so it's a supply-demand typical kind of thing that you see. In one way that maybe -- one thing I should mention, and I've alluded to it already, it's also being passed on to the consumer in that gasoline is being exported so that we don't have the RIN issue and if that were an issue to greater supply in the United States. So there's a lot -- that's why you see such a disparity of comments on that particular question. In terms of the role of the refinery going forward, we've invested in that asset. We're not going to put a lot of new capital into it. I think we've got a good kit on the ground right now. We're running it much better than it's ever been run. We're working costs very, very hard on the asset as you would expect. But it's not a good time to sell a refinery. That asset will have more value over time. It's a good asset. We do have some synergies between the refinery and Channelview, move some products back and forth. But we'll see over time what we do with the asset. But right now, it fits in our portfolio. We're doing a good job with it, all things considered.
James L. Gallogly: Well, we're still studying it. What we're doing is looking at our ethylene balances. We have third parties coming to us and asking us for volumes out into the future. We're looking at the pricing that they would buy that for as against what we would be able to upgrade it in terms of polyethylene, and so we're both working those deals. At the same time, we're moving along with some preliminary engineering. The thing about that line that I'd like to mention, if we built it, it's likely to be our latest new technology that we've never offered before. And we think they could open up some very, very nice licensing opportunities for us. We found ways to reduce the capital cost and still have the great product mix that LyondellBasell is famous for.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, well, there's been some competitive pressures in Asia in part because of that new capacity. I think you may see certain competitors backing down a little bit because of their cost position. Sometimes they can have cheap capital and high operating costs, and they won't beat a competitor like us in the window. Our PO/TBA plant is industry-leading in terms of cost. Now I'd point out that our POSM plant that we have in partnership in China has been running very well since start-up in 2010. It came up nicely. We're moving the volumes. So there is some pressure. But even with that pressure, PO is still a very solid business with very nice returns. And it's a question of great or really good. And I think it's more really good than great right now, but it will be -- it's just one of those products that fewer competitors and certain technologies are advanced, and we find a way to make good money on it.
James L. Gallogly: Well, I think you've got to look at the geographies. And first, a lot of that will not find its way to the coast. And if it's anything, more polypropylene probably would be helpful for us as a propylene oxide producer. So a lot of that propylene will go into polypropylene, too, Duffy, so I don't think it's going to hurt us much in polypropylene oxide. There's just not that many people with the right technologies that can be competitive in PO.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, in terms of the pass-through of the RINs, first, let me describe the first quarter was a turnaround quarter for us. We had a lot of capacity down during that point in time, had one of our crude units down, and so it's an abnormal quarter and abnormal earnings. The volumes have come up nicely in the second quarter, but Maya 2-1-1 is down $3. So that's a pretty significant impact. So with that 2-1-1 down and the RINS higher, you see kind of quarter-to-quarter pretty flat. So one is turnaround, one is falling margins and RINs. Going forward, we'll see if the last couple of days are an indication of what's going to go on in RINs. I really don't know. A couple of days doesn't make a trend, but it's certainly somewhat positive news to see this. The light-heavy difs have opened up a little bit. There's a gasoline crack that we didn't see. So there's a few positives in all of that, but we just have to see how it plays out. I didn't answer all of your questions. I think there was a second one that I didn't get to.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, we are able to bring some WTI down, dips in pipeline capacity. But the differential between WTI and Brent, it's totally collapsed, and so that margin wasn't there. And then with the pour of gasoline crack through much of the second quarter, we decided to crack heavier and went away from some of those lighter crudes for a period of time. You saw us do a little more Canadian but -- and right now, we're try to move those Canadian barrels down on our capacity to the extent we can get them, because they're still price advantaged.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, last year, we weren't running very much in it. We've moved a little condensates in and then some propane, butane occasionally. But it's come up a fair amount this year. And part of that, especially at Berre, we used to be cracking VGO there out of the refinery. And now a lot of condensates, a lot of light dense, I said we're only doing like 20%, 25% naphtha today. Now I expect this to continue to try to lighten our crack and bring in some of those advantage feeds. We have things like hydrowax at Wesseling, Germany. That's always been competitive. We get a nice stream at our Münchsmünster cracker as well. That's very competitive. But we're going to keep trying to lighten that up and use some of those long condensates around the world to try to improve our profitability and competitiveness in Europe. And we're seeing early signs that we're making progress there.
James L. Gallogly: Well, maybe 20-ish percent. We'll just have to see. But that also depends on availability. If people are right and a lot of propane starts to get exported, that number is going to be higher. I kind of think there'd be more propane exported out of the United States, and there are some projects in the Middle East that are bringing on some of the NGLs. So if that's available at the right price, we'll run it.
James L. Gallogly: The polypropylene compounded business is a very, very stable profitable business for us because it's totally technology driven. Most people don't think of compounding polypropylene as high-end business. But remember, we're selling primarily into high-end autos. If you want a bumper with no waves and perfect color and all of that, you come to us. And this goes way, way back in time, a beautiful technology position. Some of the auto industry is doing very well, particularly in the United States. Some the high-end European car manufacturers, while they're off year-to-year, they're still in a nice place. And we try to provide them a lot of value. So the last little bit, this last quarter, we had some propylene price declines, which helped contribute. But if you look from quarter-to-quarter, quarter-to-quarter, nice stable earnings, just a little uptick this quarter because of some propylene price movements. Okay. Well, let me make a couple of closing comments. First, we're proud of the record earnings from continuing operations, record O&P-Americas EBITDA. That business continues to contribute very strong, in part, driven by 4 quarters in a row of better than nameplate capacity. That just doesn't happen in our business. And our people in manufacturing are really delivering. We had solid results in Europe. We're taking cost down, doing more LPG cracking, working that very hard. I&D had a very respectable quarter. We had some turnaround activity. Take that away, it's -- I think you'd see it's as expected. Refining, tough industry at the moment, more to come on RINS. We'll try to crack more Canadian crude oil over time, and we expect that business to improve as time goes forward. Very strong cash generation, supporting both our dividend and share repurchase programs, and that's a hallmark of the company that we've become. But I want to emphasize the growth projects for just a moment. Our project max shows that we can get projects done on time and on budget. That was not this company's history. This is the first one that -- of any order of magnitude, that we've had as a new LyondellBasell. And we brought it in as expected. I think that says something about the new company. We've got permits for the Channelview and La Porte expansions, concrete being poured, steel coming out of the ground. We're going to get those projects up and put them on the bottom line sooner than you expect. Methanol restart later this year, that will be a nice earnings boost. We've got 500-plus people out there working very, very hard to bring that project home. So this company's get a very bright future. We appreciate your interest, and we'll continue to reward our shareholders. Thank you.
