Michael McMurray: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 8, and let me begin by describing how we are extending our track record of robust cash generation. In the third quarter, LyondellBasell generated $1.4 billion of cash from operating activities that contributed towards a total of $7.6 billion over the last 12 months. Our cash on hand increased to $1.5 billion at the end of the third quarter. During the past four quarters, our team efficiently converted 100% of EBITDA into cash. This efficient and robust cash generation provided for the return of $4 billion to LyondellBasell shareholders over the last 12 months. Let's continue with Slide 9 and review the details of our cash generation and allocation during the third quarter. The LyondellBasell team remains focused on disciplined capital allocation to provide strong returns for our shareholders. During the third quarter, we returned $400 million to our shareholders through our quarterly dividend and an additional $160 million through share repurchases. We continue to invest in maintenance and growth projects with $440 million in capital expenditures, a significant portion of this capital funded the final stages of construction for our world-scale PO/TBA plant that remains on track for start-up in the first quarter 2023. My finance and strategy teams are partnering with our strategic business unit leaders to rigorously track the ongoing progress from our value enhancement program. We look forward to regular reporting on our value capture beginning in 2023. Now, I'd like to provide an overview of the results for each of our segments on Slide 10. LyondellBasell's business portfolio delivered $1.2 billion of EBITDA during the third quarter. Our results reflect margin compression across all segments due to rising costs and weaker global demand. Our olefins and polyolefins businesses faced persistently high and volatile energy cost, coupled with lower demand, particularly in Europe and China. While our oxyfuel business and refining segment continue to earn margins above historical averages and demand for fuels remained strong, results were sequentially lower following peak margins in the second quarter of 2022. Higher cost for energy, raw materials, labor and transportation negatively impacted our Advanced Polymer Solutions segment. Across our European assets, September year-to-date energy costs are $1.8 billion higher than the same period in 2020. During the quarter, we recognized $84 million in cost related to the exit from our refining business. We expect to incur a similar amount for refining exit costs during each of the next five quarters. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Michael McMurray: My view is that we're seeing some moderating in the headwinds around the energy costs and feedstock costs in Europe, and that could be short-lived. If we have a cold winter, then we might see that reverse. But longer term, obviously, one of the things that we're going to be looking at are ways to improve the competitiveness of our assets. What can we do to make the flexibility of our feed slate and the energy consumption that we have in those assets more competitive. And frankly, some of that is going to be related to our CO2 reduction targets because believe it or not, that is a way that we will improve competitiveness is by finding lower CO2 energy by making the assets more efficient and improving our cost position. So a lot of things are going to happen over time here. And we're currently very focused on what's happening in the short term, but don't let that make you think that we're not thinking longer term about how we position ourselves more competitively in the region.
Michael McMurray: And Peter, you want to maybe make some comments from an enterprise perspective to help the analysts and investors kind of think sequentially as well. I mean, things lagged down substantially in August versus July. It was pretty dramatic. And those reasons were highlighted in our release today and then September deteriorated further. And as we look forward to October, it should be a bit better than September. And as you pointed out, we are seeing some relief in both feedstocks and energy costs. And I would say, broadly, it feels like we're kind of finding maybe a bottom. But to be clear, Q4 will be sequentially lower than Q3. We're facing into persistent inflation, high-cost energy, weaker seasonal demand and we're missing fixed cost absorption with all the idled and curtailed assets, which are heavier curtailed in Q4. So again -- and we're also experiencing the full effect of lower prices from the third quarter. So again, dramatic drop-off from July to August. So we will be sequentially down.
Michael McMurray: Yes. Maybe I'll reinforce a couple of things. So I mean, no doubt, the current environment has implications for our spending plans, both this year and next year. And then as you would expect, we are taking appropriate actions in particular in Europe. And as Peter said, our value enhancement program will also help. So it's incremental, but interestingly, it's also sustainable. . And then we have a great team, and we've demonstrated our ability to navigate difficult environments like in 2020, where we covered our full dividend and capital program with cash from operations. We already operate lean which gives us an advantage versus others. And as Peter also said, that said, our view on safety and reliability is steadfast. We don't want to destroy long-term value put our assets in parallel. So again, we're confident in our ability to manage and actually come out stronger on the other side.
Ken Lane: Thank you, Michael. Let's begin the segment discussions on Slide 11 with the performance of our olefins and polyolefins Americas segment. Third quarter O&P Americas EBITDA decreased to $559 million. In North America, the combination of customer destocking and expectations of additional supply from new assets resulted in lower product prices. During the fourth quarter, we expect lower seasonal demand and further capacity additions will keep markets well supplied. Margin pressures could be offset by moderating feedstocks and energy costs. Also, with lower demand, we expect continued easing of logistical constraints. LyondellBasell will continue to reduce operating rates to match lower demand and manage our inventories. We expect to operate our O&P Americas assets at a rate of approximately 75% in the fourth quarter. While market conditions remain challenging, we continue to proactively advance our long-term strategy. We recently announced a new partnership with Cyclyx and ExxonMobil to build a 150,000-ton plastic waste sorting facility in Houston. Beyond recycling, we announced our participation in an industry consortium to evaluate a low-carbon hydrogen production facility along the U.S. Gulf Coast. We are moving quickly and decisively to increase circularity and reduce our carbon footprint. Now please turn to Slide 12 to review the performance of our olefins and polyolefins Europe, Asia and International segment. European markets were severely pressured by tight gas supplies and higher energy costs that reduced demand from both plastic converters and downstream consumers. LyondellBasell's European volumes declined due to extended downtime at our ethylene cracker in France, and planned maintenance at our cracker in Germany. All of this combined to result in a third quarter EBITDA loss of $83 million. During the fourth quarter, we expect high and volatile energy costs will persist. In addition, slower seasonal demand is likely to add further pressure on European markets. Our O&P Europe businesses have responded to escalating energy prices by reflecting these costs and product pricing with energy surcharges. This year, we introduced variable formulas for these surcharges to account for energy volatility and ensure fairness in our pricing. Also, in response to lower demand and margins, we plan to operate our European assets at approximately 60% of capacity during the fourth quarter. As previously announced, we have postponed the restart of our integrated O&P site in France until early 2023. As in the Americas, we continue to focus on long-term strategies in support of our circular and low-carbon business. In October, we announced new partnerships for plastic waste sorting facilities in Germany and China and a fully automated mechanical recycling facility in India. These partnerships allow us to swiftly develop fit-for-purpose facilities in each region, while addressing rapidly rising global demand for circular and renewable solutions. Finally, I want to express how excited I am about the opportunities with the value enhancement program that Peter mentioned. Across the board, we see ideas being generated to improve value capture in manufacturing, procurement and serving our customers more efficiently. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kim.
Ken Lane: Yes, sure. P.J. Thank you for the question. what we've commented before has not changed in terms of our targets looking out to 2030, we're making very good progress on reaching that 30% reduction that we put out there. When you start talking about some of the other options around CO2 reduction like electrification or carbon sequestration certainly, things like the tax benefits that you see coming out of the IRA for CO2 sequestration is going to help. But we're going to look at all of those options in our portfolio. And as you can imagine, every site is a little bit different. It depends on the location of the site and what infrastructure is available around it. And we're going to keep exploring those in the coming months, and we'll be able to share more about that later. But right now, it's really more in the exploratory phase and assessing what the potential is for these technologies today.
Ken Lane: Sure, Jeff. Thanks for the question. Good to hear from you. So we've done a lot of investigation into that, as you can imagine, because what we're seeing in the China market, we're at historically low spreads there and a lot of that is driven by the new capacity coming on. But our view is a lot of that oil is actually going into the state-owned refiners and not being passed on to the market in terms of lower priced feedstocks for the polymers. What's happening in China is really more related just to the higher capacity and the lower demand that we're seeing there. So that is going to be the larger driver in the even midterm -- what we really want to see is the growth come back in the China market, which we've not seen as of yet, and you may recall, going back to even the first quarter earnings call, we were talking about expecting to see some recovery in demand in China already after Chinese New Year, and that just has not materialized. So once we see that and that demand starts to absorb all of the new capacity, then I think you're going to start to see a return to a more normal level of spreads in China.
Ken Lane: Some of that market. They've been doing some premarketing for quite a while now. So Obviously, going back to what I had said earlier, just around China, what's going to be very meaningful is overall for the market supply demand is going to be the return to growth in the market. And these assets, like any are going to get absorbed. I'm sure they're very competitive assets based on the feedstock situation in the U.S. So -- there will be a period of time now where we're going to have to weather that and absorb that in exited Q3 is where I expect us to be in Q4. So things like Michael had referred to earlier, things really dropped off in the middle of Q3, and we've kind of levelled off in that range. So what we're doing now is taking actions that we can control to improve our cash flow and be able to meet demand without being cash suboptimal here.
Ken Lane: I think you've hit it. Again, it's going to be getting more growth back in the market and seeing some of the headwinds around feedstocks and energy come off, which right now is hard to predict.
Ken Lane: Yes, that's right. I mean, we certainly -- we've adjusted and what you've seen even with the adjustment to the utilization rates that we've communicated is we're adjusting the utilization rate to match what we see with our demand and we'll continue to do that in the fourth quarter.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you again to the entire LyondellBasell team for successfully navigating this challenging quarter. To close out our segments, let's turn to Slide 16 and discuss the results for our technology business on behalf of Jim Seward. Third quarter EBITDA declined by $20 million to $92 million due to lower catalyst demand. In the fourth quarter, we expect our licensing revenue will moderate and catalyst volumes will decrease due to lower demand on a weaker macroeconomic outlook. We estimate that fourth quarter results for the Technology segment will be roughly half of quarterly results seen thus far in 2022. After the slow beginning to 2022, our licensing business signed six new agreements during the third quarter to provide polyolefin process technologies for five projects in Asia and one in Europe. Over the history of our company, LyondellBasell has sold more than 300 polyolefin licenses around the world, and we continue to be a leader in this space. As indicated by our activity to secure plastic waste feedstock in Germany, we are making good progress on developing our MoReTec advanced recycling technology. And during my recent visit to our technology center in Italy, I was impressed by the rich legacy of innovation at LyondellBasell and the creative work underway to launch this exciting technology. We hope to provide you with further updates and reach an initial investment decision for a commercial scale plant in the fourth quarter. Now let me summarize our third quarter and the outlook for our company with Slide 17. Despite very challenging markets, our team is delivering results. Our goal is to capture value and move forward on strategic priorities under a variety of economic conditions. We remain focused on LyondellBasell's core values. The outstanding safety performance from our team is just one indicator of the passion and commitment that I see across our workforce. Our O&P businesses are under pressure from weaker demand, new supply and higher energy costs. With our diverse business portfolio often provides balance. In the third quarter, our oxyfuels and refining businesses provided offsets with margins that remained well above historical averages. With over $550 million in dividends and share repurchases during the third quarter, our commitment to shareholder returns remains strong. LyondellBasell is focused on serving growing customer demand for our Circulen products. We recognize the differential needs of these businesses and are rapidly moving to enter multiple partnerships to secure the plastic waste feedstocks required to advance the leading position of our circular and low-carbon solutions business. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we anticipate seasonally weaker demand and volatile energy costs will further pressure fourth quarter margins. In response, we are proactively lowering operating rates to match reduced demand. Our business leaders are optimizing working capital and further strengthening our balance sheet flexibility. We'll remain watchful for market improvements in China as stronger economic activity could help drive recovery in global markets during 2023. I hope that you can sense our excitement around the initial progress towards developing a north star to guide LyondellBasell's strategic initiatives. During the quarter, we launched the new organizational structure and established a circular and low-carbon solutions business unit. We are building the structures and leadership that will enable LyondellBasell to quickly advance and our initial strategies with new business models that address our customers' needs. We're also highly energized around the prospects of unlocking the opportunities identified by our value enhancement program. We have put into place the required infrastructure and management expertise to organize, support and track our progress. We aim to leverage LyondellBasell's core competencies and target value opportunities totaling $750 million in annual recurring EBITDA by the end of 2025. In closing, we look forward to sharing more details over the coming months and at our Capital Markets Day in New York next March that should clarify your understanding of LyondellBasell's forward strategy. We're now pleased to take your questions.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Steve. Good question, Peter here. No delay in the startup on the PO/TBA plant. As we have alluded to with the Q2 results, fall, we are, I mean, quite favorable in our costs on the PO/TBA side. This is a world-scale plants, very well integrated. So we believe that independent of what is happening in the marketplace, we are very well positioned to start up that plant, and therefore, no changes.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, P.J. Very good questions, as usual. On the Circulen economy, we are at the very early stage in this year. But just coming back, I mean, from the Kfar and Dusseldorf. You know this is organized every two years that was an amazing positiveness around renewable and circular solutions, both, I mean, from the brand owner side as well as from the companies that were actually producing the packaging. So we noticed that there was quite some demand, I mean, to accelerate the amount of volumes that are being brought into the marketplace. And as a consequence, of course, willingness to pay, that is there across the value chain. So that gives us the commitments that we are, as you have seen during the last couple of weeks with the creation of that strategic business unit that we are accelerating because we see this as a value proposition, which is quite attractive. Then on the second question on the IRA, I will give that question to you, Ken.
Peter Vanacker: Let me take that question. Peter here speaking. As you alluded to, mid-cycle earnings, what we talked about in the past was increasing from $6.5 billion to $8 billion. And you mentioned a couple of these elements that bridge that $1.5 billion, one being the Zelman acquisition, then our joint venture that we have in China, the joint venture with Sasol and Louisiana, the Hyperzone investments or POSM joint venture as well as the PO/TBA. So you may know that on top of that, our commitment to increase value on the bottom line by EUR 750 million on a run rate by the end of 2025. So that means that if you look at the year 2026, we expect, I mean, to capture that fully that $750 million. And of course, we are still in progress of developing our North Star strategy. So more on that to come then with the Capital Markets Day in March, I mean, next year, and if we find other opportunities to create value. In case that question comes up, by experience by launching these value enhancement projects in the first year, one may expect that about what -- 20% of that can be captured on a run rate basis by the end in that first year. So this is not something that is completely back ended towards 2025 that due to the fact that we already have the teams in place, we have a transformation office in place the value capturing, the sequencing of the different topics starting immediately.
Peter Vanacker: Well, thank you for your question. And it's needless to say that, of course, our crisis management team has been up and running already since quite some months even before I joined the company. So we continue to monitor very intensively what is happening in the marketplace. We alluded to I mean on the call to the actions that we had undertaken. So the Berre cracker in France will not start up prior to the end of this year. But needless to say that we are monitoring that situation in the marketplace every week to then define what the right time will be to start at the cracker. In addition to that, we currently have a scheduled shutdown ongoing in the smallest of the steam crackers in Germany, so-called OM4 steam cracker. We expect that to start up on time. And there we would not take any action to delay that startup. And then what Kim alluded to is that the joint venture asset that we have in Rotterdam, that has been idled for the time being. And then, of course, also there, we will evaluate how the market is developing, especially on the styrene monomer site because we hear, of course, also in the markets that on-purpose styrene monomer production have been idled or multiple or even question, that will they be profitable and be started up again.
Peter Vanacker: And all that to be put in perspective, of course, I mean, year-to-date, European energy costs for us were $1.8 billion higher compared to 2020 in the same period.
Peter Vanacker: Thanks, Vincent. very good question. Let me do one step back. I mean we have set this transformation office and organized a large number of bottom-up workshops across the different functions, so the commercial functions, supply chain functions, procurement functions, but also very important in our U.S. largest manufacturing sites. And out of that came this around 2,000 IDs early stage in projects. So we have not yet covered the European region, and we have not yet covered the smaller sites. But we see already that we get lots of IDs on how to create value. And a lot of these IDs do not materially demand higher OpEx or higher CapEx. So these are the ones that, of course, we will focus upon. And there can be, of course, it's a very broad range. So it is about energy management. It is about creep capacities clear if we don't need a creep capacity because of the market situation, these will not be the projects that we will do first. They will then come later. But it's a very, very broad range, I mean, of projects that we have here in terms of covering the entire portfolio. So we'll provide more details on that when we talk on the Capital Markets Day because we will have progressed more as well. As I said, we are now in the phase of prioritization. So what out of those 2,000 IDs do we actually want to implement to make sense in the current market environment. So then we go, I mean, to the so-called stage number 4 and then make the people available, I mean, to capture those opportunities. Next year, we will start doing the analysis also in the European sites. So we will start with the larger sites and then also move to the smaller sites. So that should normally also has in the confidence that we can at least capture $750 million by the end of 2025 on a run rate basis.
Peter Vanacker: What we have seen also in the past, if you just look at the history, then markets have relatively quickly recovered as well. That doesn't mean that I'm not saying that we have seen the trough going back to Michael's comments before. But how long can I stay like this is the question that we are all looking at.
Peter Vanacker: Thanks for your question, Kevin. Maybe I'll start by saying that our teams have done an excellent work in focusing on cash management and you see that from the results. So -- and that, of course, includes on one hand side, payables and receivables, but also we have dealt, I mean, with our own inventory levels, as you recognized as well. Now when we look at the downstream and it depends, of course, a little bit from market to market. But normally, in the ID business, we don't have a lot of inventory in the pipeline in the channel. And can allow me to say that what we have seen is that the inventory levels also in the polyolefin side, they have reduced during the third quarter.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. Thank you for your question, Mike. I mean, of course, clearly, as we have pointed out in the past, our capital allocation strategy has not changed. You remember that I said also looking at our CapEx investments, around EUR 2 billion, $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion in sustaining CapEx and the rest of mining growth CapEx. Well, if you look now at 2023, we are, of course, reflecting upon what is happening in the marketplace. So you may not expect -- I mean, to see that number of $2 billion. It will be quite lower. So therefore, you will not really see an uptick because of our value enhancement program in terms of CapEx, if you look at it in the overall CapEx that we have invested in our business because as said, I mean, the number for next year will be lower. And then of course, as you roll out these programs, like the value enhancement program, they don't have a beginning and an end. They become part of the DNA in the company. as continuous improvement. So at the beginning, of course, in the first years, there will be more low-hanging fruit, how we operate not heavily in OpEx and CapEx, so you won't see it, so to say, in the overall numbers. And then when we start talking about 26, 27, then probably, I mean, you talk about debottlenecking activities and so on. But then every project on its own will have to have its own merits and we will reflect on every project on the IRR. So it will be, of course, as said, it must be a value enhancement project that we have that is not dilutive for the company in terms of our IRR or return on capital. And the return profile of these projects is generally very high.
Peter Vanacker: Okay. Thank you, everybody, and thank you for joining also all your as usual, very thoughtful questions. We look forward to sharing more of our plans and how LyondellBasell will advance on our strategy and unlock additional value over the coming months. I wish you all a great weekend. Stay safe and looking forward to meeting you again soon.
