Douglas J. Pike: Well, thank you, Tori. Well, hello and welcome to LyondellBasell's third quarter 2016 teleconference. And I'm joined today by, Bob Patel, our CEO; and Thomas Aebischer, our CFO, who's calling from our Rotterdam office. Before we begin the business discussion, I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyb.com. I'd also like for you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. And actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. Now, for more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are both available at www.lyb.com/investorrelations. And reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website at www.lyb.com. Now finally, I'd like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2:00 PM Eastern Time today, until 12:00 AM Eastern Time on December 1 by calling 866-425-0182 in the United States, and 203-369-0874 outside the United States. And the pass code for both numbers is 11116. And before turning the call over to Bob, I'd like to highlight, the comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results, excluding the impacts of LCM inventory adjustments. That being said, I'll turn the call over to, Bob.
Douglas J. Pike: Hi, Aleks, this is Doug. Yeah, I think what you're seeing in propylene oxide is you saw propylene price movements; and it takes a little bit of time to move that through particularly the derivatives. So we'll see how propylene responds this quarter. But I think it's temporary, and as we've said in the past, propylene oxide business tends to be a very stable business, overall. But you are going to see quarter-on-quarter movements, particularly with raw material changes like that.
Douglas J. Pike: And P.J., when you look across multiple quarters, you'll see that our results differ a little bit from the benchmarks. For example, in the second quarter, while the benchmark was off by, I think $0.05 to $0.07, we were down at $0.02. So a little bit of it's probably catch-up from that type of movement too. But I think when you look across year-to-year, we're actually well ahead of the benchmark.
Douglas J. Pike: Exactly. And, P.J., if you remember that the ethylene prices are much more regional, while polyethylene prices are more global in terms of how they're set. So spot price movements and the spot market is very thin in ethylene, so that has some influence.
Douglas J. Pike: And around 50% has been our typical advantaged feed level. So I'd say, it was just a typical quarter from that standpoint.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Thanks, Doug. Good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. Let's begin with slide 4, and review the highlights from the third quarter. Our third quarter diluted earnings were $2.31 per share with EBITDA of $1.6 billion. Overall, third quarter business trends developed as we expected. During the quarter, olefin chain margins continue to be healthy, most notably, excellent results in our European Olefins & Polyolefins business, demonstrated the strength of our global portfolio. Despite the significant planned maintenance and the Americas, the combined Olefins & Polyolefins results were $1.3 billion, relatively unchanged versus second quarter. While our chemical and polymer operations generally ran well, there was planned downtime in these operations and unplanned downtime in our Refining segment. Based upon industry benchmark margins, the value of third quarter loss production due to planned and unplanned outages across the company is estimated to have been approximately $285 million. Slide 5 reflects our continued outstanding safety performance. Our results here today have remained steady despite performing an unusually high amount of maintenance. Thomas, will discuss our financial highlights for the third quarter.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Good morning, Ryan. In the case of ethylene, generally price discussions are not quarterly or annual; they're more longer-term sort of contracts. So it's really, the discussions have been about how our customers might bridge supplies. They're adding derivative capacity that has a different timing than crackers, and some are pure merchant buyers, who need to continue to buy. So our pricing discussions tend to be more longer-term rather than quarter-to-quarter in nature.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah, I think next year, it seems that some derivatives may come earlier than the cracker start-ups, but ultimately that'll catch up in 2018. So if there is a lag, it's a six to nine month sort of lag.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So first of all, I think our results, Aleksey, in Europe are reflective of strong global operating rates. We talked about that earlier. That markets are pretty well-balanced, and for us, our sense is that, the operating rates in the region have increased significantly, demand is growing at 1% to 2% per annum, there's really not a lot of capacity growth. In our case we have – we're running at pretty high utilization rates. So that in part could explain the difference versus benchmarks as just – with the exception of planned maintenance, we've been running pretty full in Europe.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Okay. Well, I think we'll have to kind of see how demand develops and how oil prices develop, and so on. But certainly, Asian demand is growing to the extent that new capacity likely will be exported. So our sense is that, certainly through the first half of the year there's not a lot of new capacity, more of the new capacity which is in the second half of next year. So we'll just have to see how that develops. But our sense is that Asian demand is growing at a pace where that production will be needed overseas.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, no. Our cash deployment hierarchy that we've shown you in our prior IR materials is relatively unchanged. What I would say is that, in terms of M&A, I think we're very clear about who we are. We know what we do well. We understand, I think what it takes to safely, reliably and cost-effectively run large-scale assets that are kind of in our core businesses. So I think we deploy capital pretty well. So our intention is to patiently look for opportunities to apply these strengths and create more shareholder value. So to the extent that those opportunities present themselves, and we can create meaningful value applying those strengths, then we would certainly consider those.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah, I think part of that was propylene movements during the quarter. The other part of that, P.J., was that there were some imports early in the quarter that came in, but I think those were somewhat sporadic. It's more about propylene movements in the month. We still see pretty high operating rates in PP, here in the U.S. with really not a lot of new incremental supply in the near-term.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I think, P.J., what you're seeing is, you saw the tightness in ethylene price moved up, while polyethylene was sort of moving sideways at that point in time. As turnarounds complete, we may see a little bit of loosening on the ethylene side. So I think it'll just balance across, I think you're looking at kind of noise quarter-to-quarter, and of course, the goal is, we want to capture the chain margin.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, our investment plans haven't significantly changed. We've tilted to a bit more growth capital, and as you know, we announced at the last call that we would build a new polyethylene plant. So that project is now underway, and so we're systematically evaluating other opportunities as we look further out into the cycle. But no, no material change. I think it's just a reflection of the reality of some of the delays that have been announced, and frankly ramp up schedules of these very large plants.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I think it certainly provides for more ethane in the near-term and maybe even more rejection until some of these crackers come up. In the meantime, if oil prices incrementally rise, that should provide more ethane supply. Our view, Duffy, on ethane is relatively unchanged over the medium and long-term. We think that there's enough resource here. Ultimately ethane has traded recently and will trade above its fuel value. Historical average has been somewhere around $0.07 per gallon. We think that's reasonable and that still affords the U.S., a reasonable advantage, vis-à-vis the rest of the world. So relatively unchanged. I think as some of these crackers start up, there could be a bit more volatility, but over the long-term, we think there's enough ethane here.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes, James. Some of those projects have already been canceled, and I think that's partly what's reflected in the IHS numbers. Because of the availability of water, environmental impacts, capital costs; so we continue to watch that. Our sense is that more could be delayed, and that the capital costs could be prohibitive as well. So that certainly adds to the operating rate increase in the latter years that we show in our materials.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No. I think that's just kind of in-quarter market volatility. If you kind of step back and look at operating rates in Europe, they are increasing. As I mentioned earlier, there's really no new capacity coming. And if you think about in an environment where we have a relatively weaker euro compared to a couple of years ago, our customers are finding it more – they're more able to export competitively as well. So we see a pretty balanced market in Europe with a global strong operating rate overlay.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. Well, good morning, Vincent. I think it's little early to speak to the tax leakage, but I think, the operative word is if. And let's say if we were to sell the refinery, I think our aim is to replace the earnings over time. First of all, you know that would have a increasing capital program where we're looking to grow organically; where we'll also thoughtfully and patiently evaluate other growth opportunities. Our aim over time, if you think about cash deployment and some balance sheet is to have a strong, stable dividend, a strong rating through the cycle. And so we'll kind of balance all of that, but our aim is to replace those earnings.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No. I think our polyethylene plant that we're just starting now on construction, it's phased such that the things that we need are – those things are already completed in many of these plants. So I think, we're well-positioned, we're still aiming for the middle of 2019 for start-up of that polyethylene plant. And I think, we've really planned well for it. So we should be on schedule.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. That's a increase in the delay in the Corpus Christi expansion, and then frankly, just higher margins during the quarter.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think coal pricing is still, if you think about marginal cost of production of ethylene or olefins in China, coal pricing is still relatively low. I still, think MTO is probably more of the price header than CTO, at these oil price levels. As oil price rises, if it were to rise materially, then maybe naphtha would kind of crossover in a lower gas price environment. But I think coal, it's really more, as I said earlier, about the capital costs and the environmental impacts of coal-based chemical production that I think will continue to pressure new additions.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, this time we've come off of pretty high levels. So if you look back historically, still where we are today, styrene margins are relatively healthy. If we can say that with styrene. So I still think that in the near term markets look to be reasonably balanced. There will be some new capacity coming next year and the year after, which will incrementally add a bit more styrene into the market. But we're relatively constructive about styrene in the coming, let's say 6 to 9 months; difficult to see beyond that, frankly.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No. I think, it's just reflective of butane prices over there, this summer compared to last summer. So it's more about sort of individual feedstock prices. We still think that there's – LPG market should be pretty favorable for us and we also cracked some heavy condensates over there. So not a trend, I don't think.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. No. I think that's a very astute observation, certainly that will allow the U.S. PVC producers to export more competitively. And frankly, I think that bodes well for the ethylene market here, because generally when you think about incremental sales of ethylene and then the stock market, that's kind of the incremental decision that gets made in our market here is incremental exports of EDC or PDC. And I think that should be net positive for U.S. ethylene going into Q4 and Q1.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No, I think it's helped. I think it's helped, and I think it'll have an impact longer term on new capacity, and what's being considered.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: John, it's also – it's kind of a factor of opportunities and interest in the market. So I think, it's as simple as that. But again, I want to emphasize that, we see this as being, while it may be non-core, it's still a very high-quality asset in a great location. Very complex in terms of the crude slate it can process. So we're very value minded in our consideration here.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah, I think first of all, propane and ethane will continue to compete for the feed slate in the U.S. We're continuing to invest in flexibility incrementally, but it's something that I have the team focused on, but I do think longer-term difficult to predict how these various feedstocks will develop and flexibility will be important. So we view that as very strategically important to us. I think, propane is going to be abundant here, as wet gaskets develop, there's a lot of export capacity. When you think about export costs, local consumption will still be favored, so there will be a good, healthy interplay between ethane and propane and the industry in terms of the existing cracker fleet, has a reasonable amount of flexibility, which should help to balance any kind of run up in ethane prices.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: For us, I think, we mentioned earlier that about 87% or so of our ethylene was from NGLs, and about 70% was from ethane. So we're generally in the same ballpark today.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Sure. Well, good morning, Kevin, and welcome back. We have connectivity between our Channelview site and the refinery, and then modestly with a couple of the other sites, but mainly between Channelview. First of all, we transfer various products at market, so to the extent that there's pipeline connectivity and the Channelview site is the most logical sort of partner, then I think sort of the economic impact is really negligible. And that connectivity and the benefits of that connectivity should continue whether we own it or somebody else owns it. So we review that very carefully, and we don't see any impact.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So in terms of rates at the refinery in October, we were not really at full rates. In Q3, we had a sudden power disruption, which was sort of an external impact. And generally, what happens with those is, you see kind of a knock-on effect. When you suddenly lose power, it creates a dislocation. It's similar to crackers as well. And so, we've kind of discovered some of that after we recovered from the power outage. And I think we're just about there now. In fact today, the refinery is running at 250-plus thousand barrels a day. So – but we've been sort of ramping up, and we expect to stay there, frankly. In terms of the Colonial Pipeline, it's still pretty fresh news. As of this morning we don't expect any material impact to our refinery or the operations there.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think some of those producers have announced new timelines. Difficult to say whether the others would be delayed or not, but I can tell you from our own experience of some of these debottlenecks, that we've done these projects in a very congested window, and they're very large, complex plants. So it wouldn't surprise me, but I don't have any other information beyond what's in the press.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. I think we've indicated that in past calls as well. But Jeff, that's right. And we're with our polyethylene plant, that's already underway, and then, if we decide to go ahead sometime mid of next year on the PO/TBA project, those two are pretty large projects that will meaningfully add to our earnings power in the future. So we would step up to above the $2 billion range.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I&D is still a very strong and somewhat stable contributor to our earnings. Frank, I think, we compare and contrast last year and this year, there's a few big drivers. First of all, in the oxyfuels area, our earnings are lower, long gasoline market, and then you see that in Refining as well. So that impacts oxyfuels. Octane was a little more balanced rather than tight, so ramping-ins (51:12) were lower. And butane in the U.S. was higher priced compared to fuel value or oil price. So those all kind of contributed to lower margins in oxyfuels. We do think that, those certainly can reverse themselves next year. I would say last year, butane trading at 35% of oil price in the summer, that was probably unusually low. And this year we've been on the high side. So I think that's one contributor. The other is methanol has come off some. Methanol was very different last year, new capacity coming. We've already paid for our restart. So for us, our methanol asset is much more opportunistic, and a play on still cheap natural gas in the U.S. And then lastly, styrene margins are good, but they've come off of a really great year last year. So that's how I would kind of compare and contrast 2015 and 2016. Oxyfuels, methanol, and styrene, and the oxyfuels being probably the most dominant of the three in terms of the change.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. I think, first of all, Arun, the – if you think about the impacts in the Olefins & Polyolefins in the Americas, we have two big crackers down. Right, we had Corpus still down through the quarter as we're completing our de-bottleneck, and we had our Morris site, which includes derivatives, because we don't have ethylene connectivity or the ability the store ethylene up there. So when we do a cracker turnaround, we basically shut down that equivalent amount of polyethylene. So that has kind of an integrated impact. The two together in the high $100 million, about $200 million, let's call it, range. So yeah, I think, you could add that back. On your question about run rate, I think you got to go back and look at, as you go forward, adjust that for whatever the market does in terms of margin evolution. But certainly, that's all planned maintenance, that was not unplanned.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think, Arun, in Europe, the earnings power is really related to, first of all, global operating rates being relatively strong, and regional operating rates have been ramping up in the last two, three years. We've been running full since about 2013, late-2013, early 2014. So my sense is that, with demand still growing 1%, 2% a year, no new capacity and euro is now below $1.10. So our customers can export a little more competitively, and imports probably don't look as attractive to people from outside of Europe. So all of that seems to me creates a very balanced market, and what's going to be important is for us to operate really well. And this year we have. Other than one turnaround in France early in the year that went a bit long, we've operated well, which has contributed to a really strong third quarter. We had strong volumes in Q3. So I think Europe is going to continue to be pretty strong.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, there's always seasonality in these businesses, and it is contract season in November/December for the next year. So we'll kind of have to watch and see how things develop. Our sense is that – and I think the publications have reflected, the prior $0.05 increase in Q3. And so, I think, we'll have to see how that develops. But typically we see volumes come down a little bit seasonally in Q4, and there's a bit of competitive activity around contracts. So that's kind of normal.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, so implementation of those de-bottlenecks is also dependent on shutdown timing, and kind of how we layer in those capital projects. But for now, I want us to stay focused on executing these polyethylene projects that we've started, flawlessly get it on, on time. And I think in due course, we will do those the de-bottlenecks at Channelview. And we may have the ability to bring those forward, but for now, we're going to stay with our plan through 2019 certainly to get this polyethylene project moving.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I'll speak for ourselves; can't speak for others. But what I think about, Nils is, in terms of U.S., we need to first take a view on oil-to-gas. And again, as I said earlier in the call, I think the U.S. will have advantage, given the abundance of the resource we have here in natural gas, and fracking and so on. But in a lower oil price environment and incrementally higher capital costs, to me it's not obvious that we would invest in a new cracker facility here in the U.S. in post 2020. So first and foremost, we've got to take a view on oil-to-gas ratio, and even if capital costs come up some compared to this really sort of heightened period we've just been through, we're still at a level where returns, to me, they look marginal when you look at a $50 oil price, and let's say $3 gas, and in fact paying some premium over a fuel value, which I think it's reasonable to assume. So I think all that still needs to be better understood before we as the company would take a view on the new project in the next decade.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I think – what we're trying to indicate is that, the cycle that's been talked about for the past year or two may be more muted than was expected, as we learn more about the timing of expansions and the actual operability of assets around the world. And so with higher operating rates, Nils, we would expect that there is potential for higher margins. I won't give you a specific number today, but I would say that directionally, we expect markets to be firmer than we did a year ago. And the cycles to not be as deep or as broad as we might have thought a year ago.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Okay. So I'd like to just close with a few comments before we conclude our call. First of all, I think we had a solid quarter despite two cracker turnarounds in the U.S. and some I&D planned maintenance. I think we're really well positioned to finish the year strong. Our focus is to get the Corpus Christi cracker started up here in November, and realize the benefit of 800 million pounds of more capacity and to have that cracker back online. With a very large planned maintenance here this year, next year, as we've outlined in our materials, we're going to meaningfully add to our volume, and I think we're really well-positioned for what we think will be very good markets next year as project timing has been pushed out. And longer-term as we outline, we think that operating rates for ethylene globally probably shifted up a bit from our prior estimates, given ramp up time and start-up of new projects. So I think we'll continue to be well-positioned both near-term and long-term. So we look forward to updating you on our full earnings in February. And thanks as always for your interest in our company. Thank you.
