David Kinney: Great. Thank you, Carla. Hello and welcome to LyondellBasell's second quarter 2017 teleconference. I'm joined today by Bob Patel, our Chief Executive Officer; and Thomas Aebischer, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin the business discussion, I would like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyb.com. I would also like for you to note that statements made in this call related to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. For more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are available at www.lyb.com/investorrelations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website. Finally, I would like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time today until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on August 28, by calling 800-294-5423 in the United States and 402-220-9786 outside the United States. The passcode for both numbers is 2526. During today's call, we will focus on the second quarter results, the current environment and the near-term outlook. Before turning the call over to Bob, I would like to call your attention to the noncash lower of cost or market inventory adjustments for LCM that we have discussed on past calls. As previously explained, these are adjustments are related to our use of LIFO accounting and declines in prices of raw materials and finished goods inventories in previous periods. Comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results, excluding the impacts of the prior LCM inventory changes. With that being said, I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.
David Kinney: Yes, Bob. There's been a lot of volatility in the RINs prices and I think we've seen higher RINs costs for the company during the second quarter as we had higher throughput through the refinery. But as you know, there's a lot of talk around the renewable fuel obligation and we're waiting to see what the administration has to say about that, so there's a lot of speculation in the market right now.
David Kinney: Vincent, I think we have two crackers on slate for next year, and one of the PO units and one of the trains at the refinery.
David Kinney: Could we please limit questions to just one question, so that we can get through everybody in the queue? Thank you.
David Kinney: Yes, Frank, we have completed the rate tests at Corpus, so we have demonstrated the full capabilities of the expansion, and it's just normal operational issues over the past few weeks here.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Thanks, Dave. Good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. Let's begin with slide four and review the highlights from the second quarter. Our second quarter diluted earnings per share was a record at $2.82 per share. EBITDA was $2 billion. We delivered solid results with three of our five operating segments improving in profitability relative to the first quarter. Our Olefins & Polyolefins, Europe, Asia and International segment delivered record quarterly earnings in the second quarter with EBITDA improving by more than 30% relative to the first quarter. Our operations ran very well during the second quarter, driving strong volume growth within our global Olefins & Polyolefins business and our refinery. We completed planned maintenance at our Botlek PO/TBA site in the Netherlands and our Channelview methanol unit in Texas. Overall, planned maintenance impacted second quarter results by approximately $70 million. We continued to execute on our financial priorities during the second quarter and Thomas will provide you with an update on this progress in a few moments. Slide five reflects the leading safety performance that our employees and contractors continue to achieve during the second quarter of this year. While our goal remains to prevent all injuries, I'm happy to report that LyondellBasell's safety performance continues to be among the best in our industry. As many of you know, we believe that our focus and discipline around the health, safety and environmental performance translates to strong operational reliability and ultimately, profitability. Slide 5/6 illustrates our strong second quarter performance, with operating rates of 98% of nameplate capacity across our U.S. and European ethylene crackers. Our polyethylene production operated at 95% of capacity. And I'm particularly pleased to report the rebound in performance at our Houston refinery, where crude throughput rates increased to an average of 99% of capacity during the second quarter. The combination of this strong operational performance and consistent cost management provide the foundation for our results. Let's turn to slide seven and review how our U.S. ethylene expansions are allowing us to leverage these advantages across a larger asset base during 2017. Slide seven describes the progress of this growth program over the past four years. During 2013 and 2015, smaller projects in Clinton, Iowa and Channelview, Texas increased ethylene capacity with little disruption to existing production. However, the 2014 expansion in La Porte and the 2016 Corpus Christi project both required significant maintenance outages of existing capacity. As a result, the full effect of our 2 billion-pound growth program has not been fully realized until 2017. Let's turn to slide eight and review how our high-reliability, lighter maintenance schedule and increased capacity delivered increased production volumes during the first half of 2017. After completing four major ethylene cracker maintenance turnarounds during 2016, we have none scheduled for this year. This increased ethylene production enables us to run our downstream ethylene derivative units at higher rates. And with planned maintenance at the refinery completed during the first quarter, we look for the strong second-quarter rates to continue. With all of this year's major planned maintenance complete, we are well-positioned to deliver strong volume growth during the second half of 2017. And now, Thomas will discuss our financial highlights.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Good morning, Arun. I missed the very first few words of your question, but I think what you're asking was, the first 25%, does it include our brownfield? And the answer is yes, it does. The pace of the new capacity expansions over the next 12 to 18 months are well-documented in a lot of places and we still think that by one quarter or so, polyethylene capacity is phased earlier than crackers. So we still think that's still the case in the second half. And then the rest of the ethylene capacity will come online over the period of the next 12 to 18 months. In terms of impact on margins, certainly that's the nature of our business and we've talked about a modest or a shallow cycle here. So we would expect some margin volatility going into these next 12 to 18 months as these new units come on because of their size and as we trend towards the new normal of higher exports out of the U.S. But as far as the cycle goes, Arun, we continue to believe that this looks to us to be a fairly shallow and narrow cycle in terms of its duration.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes, I think markets are still relatively balanced here in the U.S. and globally. And so, as evidenced by initial reports of the rollover on polyethylene price here in July, I won't hazard a forecast on the future. But I think we're going into the second half of the year with pretty balanced markets and demand growing at a good pace globally. So I think that whatever lies ahead we're going into it with very strong operating rates and very constructive markets.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. We have not seen any significant impact in terms of local market dynamics. But still, the capacity hasn't come online. So I think we'll have to see how all this plays out. But so far, we've had a cracker and derivatives come online in Mexico, and that's in the market today. And we haven't seen a lot of impact from that. So far, I think it's early. So I don't want to, again, predict too much here. But it seems to me that exports are the destination for a lot of this new output that will come out of these new plants.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, when we think about inorganic growth, if you will. We first of all think about what creates the most value and how can we leverage our strengths. And so, our strengths, we continue to believe, are in the safe, reliable cost-efficient operations. And I think certainly, given our base in olefins and polyolefins, if there were value-creating opportunities that were compelling, they could be of interest. And for the rest, I think we've discussed in many different forms that unlikely that we would pursue real specialty businesses. We would want to stay close to our core and leverage these strengths that I've described.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I don't see anything specific that's driving that today. We step back and we look at the amount of ethane production; it continues to remain strong. Inventories are on the high end of the range. So you know, sometimes these price movements are just kind of what's happening at the moment in terms of logistics or local inventories near where crackers are. So far, we don't draw any conclusion from this recent diversion between ethane price and natural gas. Again, I come back to, I think there's still an abundance of ethane and plenty of it close to the Gulf Coast.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: So Jeff, it hasn't changed. We just looked over a longer period of time, 4 years, which incorporates a variety of market conditions. So we've had 2015, which was one of the best years in that business and 2016 was on the low end. So you know, as we've sort of span the range of outcomes. And so no real change in our long-term outlook of the oxyfuels business.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Don, I think it's a combination of both. I think incrementally, this new polyethylene capacity has been delayed a month or two, that's our impression. And on the operating side, certainly, U.S. industry has run quite well through the summer. But now we are coming into September, October where there's relatively high planned maintenance schedule. I would anticipate that during that period, some of this new polyethylene capacity will come online. So both of those trends will sort of reverse. And we continue to think that through 2017 as derivative units are phased ahead of crackers, we think ethylene should be constructive through year-end.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. I appreciate you pointing out that we don't always get credit for that. As you know, I was over there during the more darker days in that business. And I think, first of all, I'm really proud of the results that our team over there is delivering. There's a few factors. Early in the decade we made a lot of change that I think structurally improved the earnings potential of that segment. We took out fixed costs. We improved the feed slate and we improved our market positioning. I think those things are structural that have improved the underlying performance of that segment which are internal improvements. The market has also improved as operating rates have increased. There's not really been any new capacity that's been added in the past few years and none anticipated in the next, at least, couple of years. So demand has started to grow again. Weak Euro, lower oil price environment. I think all those things are constructive to the EAI segment. Now, as the new U.S. capacity comes online, we would expect that the EAI results would moderate some. But clearly, in my mind, there's a new level, given changes in oil to gas, Euro and then our own internal changes which we made.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: RINs prices, Bob, went up a little bit here in Q2. And I think we have to wait to see how the regulatory environment evolves. Dave, maybe if you want to add a little bit more into that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: So Bob, first of all, downstream. The way I think about it is, when you get really far downstream you start to compete in various fragmented markets that have many competitors, and the scale becomes smaller. For us, I think it's sticking to large-scale assets, large markets, and where operational efficiency costs, competitiveness create value. And even within that, we do have differentiated products like our polypropylene compounding business, and Catalloy and so on. So if you would consider that downstream, then I think we're certainly interested in that and we participate in that today. Unlikely we would get into the polyethylene conversion business. Now, that's a different kind of business and in prior lives, I've even seen the pipe business downstream and some mixed results. So I think it's really sticking to large-scale assets and not going so far downstream that we're competing in fragmented markets that have a very different competitive structure. In terms of Asia, I step back and think about feedstock advantages being an important driver for our investment decisions. And clearly, in the ethylene chain, the U.S. is more favorable to us than Asia. As we move into C3-C4 chains, certainly Asia could be interesting. Today we participate through joint ventures. And it's possible that we could expand within those joint ventures which are very – we have great partners and strong positions that we could build upon to participate in the local markets in Asia in C3 and C4 chains. And of course, we have a joint venture in propylene oxide in China, which we could build upon. So I think all those things are under consideration, and we just need to think through what drives value in terms of where we place our asset.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: P.J., I think converter inventories, their bias has been to keep lower inventories, especially after what happened in 2008. So I think that structurally changed how people think about inventory. I would say probably most importantly in the psyche of the customers, my sense is that the expected new capacity probably has them leaning towards the low side on inventories with what's expected in the second half. So I think we'll just have to see how these units start up and the timing of those units.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: In Europe, to the extent that we can purchase propane and condensates at a discount to naphtha, we continue to seek those opportunities and we're finding them. Especially in the summer months, we tend to find propane is more economical. So incrementally, we continue to push for ways to get non-naphtha feed into our crackers. And we're having some success, and we continue to push the envelope on that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: So this technology, we actually practice an analogous technology in polypropylene today, so it is a proven technology in polyolefins. We've modified it to apply to polyethylene. It in fact does have the potential to produce differentiated products. Without getting overly technical, it's a multi-modal process, so we can make products that essentially allow our customers to reduce part weight, consume less polyethylene per part, and offer better strength in some cases. So we do expect some premiums, and that's what we've assumed in our modeling. But I would say we've done a lot of product development work and some test trials with some of our customers, and those have proven out the characteristics of the polyethylene that we expect to produce.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Vincent, I think directionally that's a positive in terms of global operating rates. We'll just have to see if that recycled material ends up elsewhere. But to your point, at lower oil prices generally, recycled materials make less economic sense compared to what they did when oil price was $100. So I think directionally it's positive in terms of operating rates. We'll just have to see how it plays out.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No, 2016, we had a fairly significant amount of catch-up we needed to do. We had seven or so very large planned turnarounds. Our normal cadence is three to five, and you should expect three to five now for the coming years, and we'll phase it that way.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: So on PO exports, first of all, we do not plan to export much of this capacity at all. In fact, we've already entered into some long-term agreements to place a reasonable amount of that volume today. And we would expect that most of the propylene outside that will be produced from this plant in 2021 will be placed in the domestic market and into downstream urethane markets and so on. So I don't expect a lot of that. In terms of exports, if it does go export, normally we export to Europe and Asia, and we have a system in Europe which we can plug into and supplement. So I don't expect that to be a drag on the project returns. In terms of chlorine, as chlorine prices rise, and if you think about our technology, we have a co-product that benefits U.S. natural gas or NGL advantage, because we're upgrading U.S.-based butane, which is priced more off of gas rather than oil, up to MTBE. So I think that favors the economics of this PO/TBA project, and given the scale we have, it should be very low cost, but I think it'd be very competitive globally.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes, exactly. Directionally, you're right, and it's difficult to predict how much chlorine will rise. But, yes, we're well-positioned in terms of the cost curve with this technology.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: That's a good question, David. I ask my team that often. You know, I think, look we were working on ethylene debottlenecks. We were working on the Hyperzone polyethylene plant, PO/TBA, and, frankly, you know, we're ramping up our resource and our capability to do several capital projects at one time. And so, I think it's a very logical sort of next step for us to consider polypropylene, and even perhaps propylene in the U.S., so stay tuned. Nothing today really to discuss, but it's certainly on our mind.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. So, Aleksey, in terms of organic growth, beyond the PP and propylene-related investment that we might consider, we still have one more debottleneck we can do at our Channelview cracker. In fact, we delayed that in 2015 in preference for the Hyperzone polyethylene plant to make sure that our merchant position doesn't grow further. So our plan is to execute that debottleneck, which will come in two phases, early in the next decade. And it would be very logical then to build polyethylene to consume that ethylene to maintain kind of a merchant ethylene position of something like 15%. So I suspect that as we work through the next decade, we'll do these two debottlenecks, which total about 550 million pounds at Channelview, both of them combined, and then another polyethylene unit behind that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think it's not a whole lot different than how it's sold here in the U.S. And we weren't approached. So, I don't know all of the details around the nature of their inquiries, but my impression, having worked in both regions is that it was very similar in both regions in how the market functions, and how buyers and sellers negotiate price. So at this moment, Kevin, I don't expect some sort of an impact, one way or the other in terms of the ethylene market over in Europe.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I would say for two-thirds of it, not really. We've already – we have anticipation of demand and because it's out in 2021, I would suspect that we'll see some announcements as the next couple of years progress. So we've done a lot of work around placement of the PO and given the rate that markets are growing and the conversations we've had with some of our key customers, we think that we'll be able to place most, if not, all of it here in the U.S.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. I think in Asia, naphtha still is a very large source of ethylene production. And I think with low oil prices, certainly naphtha has become more competitive. I think with Asia, we continue to believe that as time goes on, methanol-based olefin production will be more relevant in terms of price setting. About half of the new capacity that's planned for ethylene in Asia, and specifically in China, will come from MTO or CTO. And so we think that the more relevant marker will be MTO-based economics, as it has been recently, but as it becomes bigger and bigger, even with slightly lower operating rates. We think MTO will be in the money and will determine the marginal cost of production.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. Excellent question. So the first question about Q2 and LPG cracking, it's incrementally, a little bit more LPG cracking, but not significant. So I would not consider that to be an unusual step up in LPG cracking. If there's some seasonality, generally in the summer months, we crack a bit more LPG. But it was not unusual. Your point around naphtha, I think, it's a very good one, is that naphtha cracks have actually been pretty good and naphtha price relative to oil was somewhat strong in the past couple of years. And now it's kind of – it's again going back to a more historical relationship, or even weaker. Simply put, the way we try to buy non-naphtha feed is there's a discount to the naphtha price. So if we can't get a firm advantage in the price mechanism, then we likely wouldn't buy it. And we would make the decision at the time. And to your point, to the extent we're not able to do that, then we would just crack naphtha and capture that. So the advantage has to be firm for us to crack LPG.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, first of all, thanks for your compliments about our quarter, and we're calling from a conference room, not the bat-cave. Corpus Christi, so we were ramping up in Q2. I think we had mentioned in Q1 earnings that we have some maintenance we needed to do. And so we've completed that. Today, the cracker is running in the mid to upper 90s% in terms of operating rate. As many new investments go, there's some teething that you find, and we have to correct small things. So we've basically materially increased the size of just about every piece of equipment in that plant. And so as we work through that, we find different things that we need to adjust. But we would expect that as the quarter progresses, we would run pretty close to 100% over at Corpus.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Good morning, Matt. Thanks for your question. I think some very astute observations. First of all, yes. In the near term, inventories are quite low, as reported by different publications, so we have a $0.03 price increase announcement out for the coming month. So our sense is that the polypropylene market is very balanced, tight, and depending on the time of the year, and we would expect that to continue. And as I mentioned earlier in one of the other questions, it's part of our assessment in terms of our organic growth program going forward. So we do see – we see some of the cancelations that you mentioned and we're very constructive about polypropylene for the coming few years.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think so in the near term. Our view as we had expressed in Investor Day as well that we think we can continue to fund organic growth from our operating cash flow, given the level of cash flow we generate quarter after quarter. So I don't think we're going to necessarily need to avail ourselves of balance sheet capacity to undertake more organic growth. Essentially, I think the balance sheet is something we would use to undertake inorganic growth should we find the right opportunity. So our approach has not changed. It's more just a tilt towards organic growth as we find these opportunities to create shareholder value.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Good morning, Marvin, and thank you for your question. I frankly had expected this question to come up much earlier in the Q&A, so thanks for the question. Let me talk a little bit broadly about our share repurchase program and how we think about it. First of all, share repurchase continues to be part of our capital allocation strategy in our plan. You see that we bought back shares in Q2. We've shown in various forums that our cash deployment priorities, they haven't changed. They're very consistent. It's to pay a strong dividend. We're going to continue to invest in maintenance of our existing assets. We're going to invest in profitable organic growth, and we still have excess cash, which we have dedicated to share repurchase. I think there are two things, Marvin, that have changed in terms of share repurchase. First of all, when you think back to our first one or two – or actually the first two or three 10% programs, we funded those with about 6% to 7% of the 10% from operating cash flow, and then we incrementally added debt to supplement. One of the things we've said recently is that we would not add debt to supplement buybacks. We would take the excess cash flow, and then we would dedicate that towards buybacks. The other thing we changed is that we're much more opportunistic in terms of our buyback program. And I think in Q2, it really showed some of the benefit of doing that because we could stretch our buyback dollars further and buy back more shares. So we're more opportunistic. But we continue to believe, as you do, that we're undervalued. And it's sort of, how do we stretch this 5% to 6% or so that we can do from our operating cash flow to buy the most shares possible? So frankly, Marvin, I don't think anything has changed, and we continue to see acquiring ourselves as a very good alternative when we think about deploying our cash flow and we'll continue to do that. So, Thomas, I don't know if you wanted to add any more to that in terms of buybacks.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: There being no other questions, let me close with a few thoughts. In the second half of 2017, we'll continue with our unrelenting focus on safe, reliable, and reliable operations, and a disciplined approach to costs. I think all of these things will deliver differential results for you, our shareholders. With no major planned maintenance for the remainder of this year, and a more typical cadence of about four turnarounds this year, we're well-positioned to capture market opportunities. So with that, thank you for your interest in our company, and we look forward to updating you in October. With that, our call is adjourned. Thank you.
