Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, so as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we can change very quickly. And in some cases, we were able to switch to liquids very quickly. Channelview and Corpus Christi are our most flexible crackers and that's where we tend to focus on pushing more on liquids. So, I don't have the exact numbers with me at that point in time what we did, but we did start to move where we could quickly.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. In our case, certainly we've accounted for our ability to process the co-products from heavier feeds and we've retained all that capability, again, primarily at Channelview, and we did our best estimate of the rest of the industry and took into account what capacity was converted versus which part of the capacity was made more flexible (00:32:44).
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. So, Steve, we do have capability of cracking Y-grade and, in fact, we're working on increasing that capability, and we're able to make some relatively low-cost investments and increase our flexibility to crack Y-grade and we're working on that right now.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I think, Steve, the area of plastic waste and sustainability is continuing to get more interest and rightfully so. But I think it'll take time for the infrastructure to develop and the capability to develop to increase recycling. As you know, we have a joint venture with SUEZ in the Netherlands, what we call QCP, and that's very much that. It's a platform that eventually we will grow to have more recycled content. But if you step back and think about plastics demand growth, demand growth for plastics is still growing at a multiple of GDP. So to the extent that there's more recycled content, I still think the growth story is in place for plastics.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. Good morning, Jeff. Slide 11 in our presentation really shows how balanced the market is on ethane. And when we reach this sort of balance between supply and demand, small shifts in supply or demand tend to make the price dynamic. And I think what's happened in the recent weeks is that there's been some planned maintenance on some fairly large ethane crackers. There's also been some switching to other feedstocks. So, I expect that for the next few quarters we're going to see this sort of dynamic pricing on ethane. When some of these crackers return, you could see ethane price rise again. And that's why we wanted to size the impact to LyondellBasell on a large change in ethane if it were to be sustained an entire year. And what you see is, given our portfolio of crackers and given our two Midwest crackers, the impact to us is not as great as one might think before flexibility-based mitigation. So, if we just continued to crack a lot of ethane – we've sized the impact on page 12, if we flex to other feeds, then the impact would be less. So, I think we're going to see ebbs and flows through next year. We'll have turnaround season again in the spring. So, likely, that will reduce ethane demand. And in the meantime, more fractionation capacity is coming in 2019. More pipeline capacity is being built. So, we're going to go through a period of sort of timing of when feedstock is built out and when new consumptive capacity comes on.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Possibly. But it will be episodic I think, right, because as feed slates change, it won't be consistently well supplied. So I think ultimately, Jeff, what changes the propylene situation is as new PDHs are built, those are sort of structural increases in supply. And to your point about naphtha, there's actually also switching to propane and butane. And there are more LPGs coming from West Texas down the Y-grade lines. So, there's a lot of propane and butane on the Gulf Coast.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, Frank, we're continuing to work diligently and thoughtfully through our analysis around the Braskem transaction. There's really no timing to report at this point. We're continuing our work and thinking around shareholder value creation. And so, as we consider buybacks, to me, those are sort of independent decisions today. And whatever it is we decide in terms of our allocation of capital, we're aiming to create shareholder value. So stay tuned.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, what we're trying to indicate there is just sources of earnings growth. We haven't netted against polyolefins' market conditions. But I think, clearly, our I&D business has had a step up in earnings this year. We, at the last earnings call, talked about a 15% or so increase that's sort of structural in our business in I&D compared to our prior run rate. Refinery is running better. We think second half of next year, there will be some fuel switching as IMO starts to take hold and people get ready for March of 2020. And our new polyethylene plant in the second half of next year will consume ethylene today that essentially is selling near its cost. So, those are three, we think, meaningful sources of earnings growth next year.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I think, Alex, globally, polypropylene is still very constructive. Operating rates are still relatively high. I think, in Europe, as we've had in years past, typically in the summer season, we see seasonality because the vacation periods are longer and often converters shut down for periods of time. Demand growth is a little bit slower this year in Europe. So, we think that partly also contributes. But if I step back and look at the global situation in polypropylene, I think polypropylene still looks to us to be a very balanced tight (00:42:11) for the coming year or so. And so we would expect that polypropylene should hold up pretty well.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: We're still working through our early engineering estimates. Frankly, we're thinking through – on the Gulf Coast locations which location would be better given propylene supply, and we've had a few other things going on in the company. So, we're still working through it, and we think that propylene is an area where we'd like to continue to invest.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, P.J., it's not a large part of the overall polyethylene market. And so, segment by segment there are different drivers but if I kind of step back and think about polyethylene demand growth, it's more about food packaging, polyethylene pipe, and some other sort of durable goods where I think polyethylene demand will continue to be driven. With respect to the single-use bags, some parts of the world have mandated thicker bags that can be reused. So, ironically, if that were the case, then more polyethylene would be consumed because the bags are thicker. And I can tell you, when I lived in the Netherlands, we used to buy those thicker bags and reuse them. So, I don't know that demand really sort of goes away for those bags. It just converts to other forms of packaging.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, it's difficult for me to predict what others may do, but certainly, for us, we think through long-term supply and essentially the returns that we can earn on new investment – and we want to see more of the fractionation capacity and more pipeline capacity investments actually come to fruition before we would consider further ethylene investment in the U.S. Now, we're a bit uniquely placed because we've already invested in ethylene earlier in the decade. And our focus for the coming three, four years is really about now investing in derivatives to consume the ethylene that we've already expanded. So I would imagine that this volatility and impact on the global cost curve should be a part of the equation as new investments are contemplated.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Well, I mean, it's difficult to predict here how prices will evolve. But the increases and decreases, Vincent, to me say that the market is relatively balanced. And in the face of a significant cost push, there was some increase that went through in the market. And I suspect that as we look at operating rates globally, not a lot will change. Even though there's new capacity coming, demand is growing as well. And we've gone through this in prior earnings call slides where we've shown operating rates are still 90-plus percent. And so, I suspect that prices will be dynamic based on how costs develop as well.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. That's a great question, Vincent. I think that the thing that many of us missed was the fact that ethane was being rejected in the Permian in favor of more propane and butane moving on the Y-grade capacity, the line capacity that's already there. In the past, we were of the mind that the Y-grade that comes from West Texas is very rich in ethane and it's been wetter and wetter as time has gone on. But when that ethane got rejected, the composition of the Y-grade that came to Belvieu had less ethane. And I think that's what we didn't see. And you can imagine from a midstream gas processor perspective, by rejecting some ethane, they can actually move more Y-grade in total out of the gas pool. So, I think that's the part we probably missed.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. I think it's really – the ethane advantage still looks very durable to us because it's based on a view that there's an abundance of ethane supply. So, what we're seeing today is just a little bit of mismatch in timing of new cracker capacity for ethane consumption and new fractionation and pipeline that brings ethane to market. So, we view this very much as temporary and we think that the U.S. will continue to enjoy some advantage over the long term. The thing that certainly our company is watching is the degree of that advantage and how that might result in investment returns for new capacity. So, in the early days, in our company, we made a conscious choice to not convert to ethane cracking. We retained our flexibility, and we concentrated it around a couple of our crackers, and I think that will serve us well as we manage through a dynamic market environment like we have today.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, first of all, as we license technology, the catalyst sales go with it. So, the catalyst revenue and earnings tends to be more consistent and growing. The licensing can be cyclical based on investment cycles. But at the moment, we're seeing quite a bit of interest in our technology especially in Asia. And there's been some shift in the licensing landscape for polyolefins as well, which has worked to our benefit. And ultimately, I think the investment that's occurring around the world speaks to the confidence in plastic's demand growth at greater than GDP levels. So, we're quite optimistic about our technology segment and we continue to invest in new catalyst capacity. As we sell new licenses, we anticipate that we'll be selling more catalyst over time as well.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Kevin, good morning. We see very typical demand here in the fall. Europe is slightly weaker I would say but otherwise, the rest of the world, we see demand being quite good and we're running our assets extremely hard around the world.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No. I mean, the rate at which we're doing licenses today is quite high. So, just to sustain these rates gives us great earnings potential as we go forward. Again, typically, we see the catalyst income from a license four, five years later, and when we do these – when we sign these licenses, there are progress payments that occur over three, four years. So, there's kind of a – there's a tail of earnings that come. And so, there's been a meaningful step up here, and I think we can certainly continue this level for next year.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Well, David, I've been saying for quite a long time that ethane is going to trade over time $0.07 to $0.10 over its fuel value. Given that supply and demand are much more balanced today on ethane than they have been in the past few years, we could see that price over fuel value increase. I do think that it's going to be – it's going to move around depending on turnaround season. So, in the spring when there are turnarounds and there's less ethane consumption, then prices could moderate. New fractionation capacity is coming. I think it's estimated to be online sometime around the middle of next year. And new Y-grade pipeline. So, it'll be dynamic. But I think given that our overall thesis is there's lots of propane, there's a lot of butane, and if some of the ethane that's being rejected today in the Permian, if it ends up coming back into the pipe and coming down to Belvieu, then we just need 50,000, 100,000 barrels a day more of ethane to change the supply/demand balance. And so, I think it will be dynamic. And companies like us, we just need to make sure that we're looking at economics weekly as we do and shift our feed slate to maximize profitability.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I read everything that you read about the new president. And so, I mean, for now, we're very much focused on the fundamentals and value creation potential. And so, as I said earlier, we're working through the analysis and thinking through the value proposition.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah, Duffy, I expect that we'll continue to run pretty full. I don't expect us to slow down on ethylene.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, look, I mean, again, it's really about long-term value creation in a transaction like this. And so, we're firmly focused on – just like we did with Schulman, thinking through how we can create value with something like this. So, our – it hasn't changed and as you can see, as evidenced by the third quarter, we've had still significant amount of share buyback. So, nothing has really changed in my mind.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes, Jim. So, our European team is hard at work in managing through the low Rhine levels, and we do see some very modest downtime and then downside risk in our EAI segment as a result of the low Rhine levels. So, just on an output basis, not considering any increase in product prices, we could see in Q4 $30 million to $40 million of impact across the quarter if this situation continues and we don't get rain over there. So, it's pretty modest, and we've had one of our crackers down for turnaround, so that actually reduces the impact. Our larger cracker at Wesseling is down for turnaround and will be coming up in November. So, as we bring that up, really, our consideration will be do we bring it up to full rates or do we bring it up to a little bit lower than full range. So, that maybe helps you size the Rhine River impact. It's quite modest.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, it's difficult to predict what regulatory agencies may do, but it seems to me that there's a lot of momentum around the world around this change in regulation. And many ship owners have acknowledged that this will happen. So, the only thing we can do is make sure that we're prepared to run our refinery at full rates. And given that we're just finishing our maintenance on the crude unit in the cokery – one of the two coker units at our refinery, we're set up for virtually no planned maintenance in the second half of 2019 through 2020. So, I think we're really well positioned to take advantage of whatever IMO turns out to be. And frankly, I think it's degrees of upside.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, so the run rate, if you look back before this year, our run rate's been about $1.5 billion plus or minus. And I've talked about a 15% to 20% step-up that's structural, and I think that's how you ought to be thinking about it off of the $1.5 billion number. And then, there's some seasonality, as you know, with our oxyfuels business that puts some seasonality in that segment. But over an entire year, a 15% to 20% step-up over the $1.5 billion number is, I think, a good basis going forward.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, polypropylene, I mean, in the U.S., there's not a lot of new capacity coming in the next 12 to 18 months, or 15 months, let's say. There's a few debottlenecks here and there including we have a couple of small ones that we're implementing now. I think in the absence of new capacity, and demand growing at 3%, 4% a year in the U.S., market looks to be very solid in the U.S. Globally, it seems that operating rates are still going to be quite high and, around the world, demand growth for polypropylene has been extremely strong and especially in the Far East, in China. So, I expect polypropylene to be a very constructive business going forward.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Good question. So first of all, on Braskem, I mean, I'd just kind of repeat what I said earlier. We're working through our analysis and obviously, thinking through the Mexico situation is part of our analysis. And so, we'll work through that. But it's a fairly new asset that they have down there. So, we consider that as well. As far as other alternatives, we just need to work through kind of one opportunity at a time and think through value creation. So, we're very focused on understanding the various aspects that have been raised on this call and things that you've read and being thoughtful about how we can create value for our shareholders.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I think, directionally, environmental pressure will continue in China, and there will be some ebb and flow in terms of news. But I think, directionally, there is a move towards reducing coal and improving air quality in China, and I don't think that changes. So hence, more methanol being consumed for olefins. I mean, I think that will – it's cleaner than coal-based olefins, so we could see that, and some naphtha crackers I suppose. But I don't see the environmental pressures easing. I think, over time, they'll continue to get more stringent, as the rest of the world is.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. First of all, I don't know about the $1 analysis. I'll have to get my team to look at that, but depends on oil price and depends on naphtha price. So, there's a lot of factors. It's difficult, as you can imagine, to forecast a spike or to predict. I mean, I suppose you could see spikes but they're very much just that, they're spikes then they come back down. And I think one thing you've seen over the past few weeks and even years past that this industry and the cracker fleet in the U.S. does exert its flexibility when needed. And we as a company certainly are well positioned to do that. As I mentioned earlier in response to one of the other questions that we're also increasing our ability to crack Y-grade. So, I think that will be another dimension of flexibility that we'll continue to enhance. And our two crackers at Channelview and the Corpus Christi cracker are extremely well positioned to be flexible given proximity to Eagle Ford. And then when you think about our Midwest crackers, that's almost 2.5 billion pounds of ethylene that is unaffected by ethane price on the Gulf Coast and enjoys a significant advantage. So, I think the line sort of touching the blue part or not, we're going to have next year new crackers start up and new fractionation and new pipeline capacity as well. So, the price will be a bit more dynamic next year. But again, I step back and think about the overall supply of ethane and I think it's abundant. If even a little bit less gets rejected and comes down the pipe to Belvieu, that could change the equation very quickly.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, two very different questions. On the refinery, Laurence, our view hasn't changed. Our focus has been on running the refinery better and better, and I think we've demonstrated now with six quarters of really great operating performance which we expect to continue. We've been positioning ourselves for IMO by completing our maintenance so that we can run essentially full in 2019 and 2020. And so, I think we're really well positioned to capture value from IMO. And we're not really detracted from that, if you will. And so, that's going to continue to be our focus and we'll think through how best to capture that value. So, really nothing further to add in terms of the refinery. In terms of micro plastics, and perhaps if I could broaden that to plastic waste, I think really one of the best ways a company like ours can influence what happens and how we engage is through the various associations around the world like American Chemistry Council, Cefic, and there's a lot of work going on through industry associations to engage in essentially ending plastic waste and thinking though over the long term how we can increase circularity. So, stay tuned. I think there will be some definitive sort of things that will come out as we go through the next couple of quarters. But I think this is best done from our perspective through the industry associations which we participate in and have leadership positions on in many cases.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, Matthew, on Canadian crude, we've really maximized what we can do on Canadian crude. Maybe incrementally something around crude by rail, but I would not expect a meaningful change in the amount of Canadian crude we're cracking. And as you I'm sure know, those pipelines are on allocation, so we really can't get more allocation. But we are maximizing and I think, over time, we hope that that will impact Maya pricing and bring that back into balance.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No, nothing structural there. That's just ebbs and flow of the market. Nothing structural to read into that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, let me offer a few closing remarks. Thank you for all of your patience as we've run over a little bit. So, as we look ahead from Q4 and into 2019, while we've talked a lot about ethane on this call, and we know it will be dynamic next year, for LyondellBasell, we do see meaningful sources of new earnings from our A. Schulman acquisition, our new polyethylene plant, step-up in I&D earnings, IMO impacts in the second half of the year. And I think a lot of these sources of earnings growth can offset potential impacts from new PE capacity and ethane. So, we look forward to updating you on that as well as all of our growth initiatives on the next call. So, thank you very much. Have a great day. And we're adjourned.
