Thomas Aebischer: Thank you, Bob, and good day to all of you. Please turn to slide 7 where you can see the growth of our earnings over the past three quarters. As Bob mentioned, third quarter earnings of $2.85 per share were supported by strong consumer driven seasonal demand for our products as well as our sizable share repurchases. Third quarter results included an $85 million non-cash benefit from the settlement of prior tax year positions that increased earnings by $0.25 per share. Integration costs during the third quarter related to the Schulman acquisition impacted net income by $33 million or $0.10 per share. During the third quarter, we repurchased 37 million shares. Now let's look more closely at our consistent and efficient cash flow performance on slide 8. Our businesses have generated $5 billion to $6 billion of cash from operating activities over each of the prior four calendar years and $5 billion over the trailing 12 months. With $1.1 billion required for sustaining capital expenditures, our free operating cash flow yield was 13.2% over the past 12 months. Slide 9 describes our cash flow generation and deployment during a very active third quarter for our finance department. Cash flow from operating activities effectively doubled our starting balance of $1.9 billion. Debt increased by net $1.7 billion, during the third quarter. While the timing of the increase debt aligns with our July tender offer, you will recall that we invested approximately $1.9 billion of cash on hand in acquiring A. Schulman last year. During the third quarter, we issued $1 billion in Eurobonds, in two tranches and used the proceeds to repay a term loan and a portion of our short-term debt. The coupon rates for the notes were the lowest in our company's history, 0.875% and 1.625% for seven- and 12-year terms respectively. Near the end of September, we priced $1 billion in 30-year dollar notes, that's held in October. The 4.2% coupon rate for these notes is also the lowest in company history for U.S. bonds of this tenure. We used these proceeds to repay short-term debt. During the third quarter, as mentioned before, we repurchased 37 million shares and in addition, paid dividend, returning a total of $3.6 billion to shareholders. Capital expenditure for the third quarter were approximately $740 million with roughly 60% invested in profit generating growth projects, with the remainder allocated to sustaining capital. Our investment in growth has increased in second quarter. And we expect a similar trend over the remainder of the year, as we complete our Hyperzone PE plant and accelerate the activity on construction for our new PO/TBA plant in Houston. The quarter closed with approximately $1.1 billion of cash and liquid investments. Slide 10, illustrates the maturities of our long-term debt, after the October issuance. The two recent bond offerings reduced our weighted average cost of debt, by 42 basis points. We have a well balanced maturity profile that reduces refinancing, risks and enables the company to benefit from a consistent presence in both, U.S. and euro fixed income markets. Let's turn to slide 11 and review our disciplined approach to capital deployment that we discussed in detail during our Investor Day. The principal for our capital allocation strategy have remained consistent. Our businesses generate tremendous cash flows. We are first and foremost committed to a strong and progressive dividend. We will make capital investments that sustain our manufacturing reliability. And expand our asset footprint. We will pursue value-minded inorganic growth opportunities. And return the surplus cash to share repurchases. All of these decisions points are underpinned by our commitment, to the flexibility provided by our strong investment-grade credit ratings. With that, thank you very much. And I will turn the call back to, Bob. Thank you.
Thomas Aebischer: Right. So we -- thank you, Bob. So we -- you have seen the integration costs for the third quarter where we are now at $43 million, so we made further progress in accelerating the integration of Schulman off the tax $33 million. And so we are at the -- we will go live with a large part of the SAP integration of Schulman into LyondellBasell in the first half of 2020 and that's actually where integration costs will peak.
Thomas Aebischer: And Mike, I would remind you that the fourth quarter of 2018 was very weak, so it should be easy -- fairly easy to beat that comp.
Thomas Aebischer: I think it's hard to sort out this year because the increased exports from North America. We're going to have to see where all that polyethylene ended up at the end of things especially after the trade lanes got readjusted after the tariffs.
Bob Patel: 95. Sorry 95 million barrels per year that we process. So every dollar has a pretty significant impact over a year when you multiply it by the 95 million barrels.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So, about cost and schedule first, David. So on cost, yes, it did increase. We're showing about a $900 million sort of CapEx number at this point. Still very competitive compared to bills that have occurred recently. In fact, I would say still better than market average from what we can tell. Schedule-wise, we're commissioning now various parts of the plant, and we expect to move into production very late in the year or early next year. In terms of the EBITDA contribution, it'll ramp up through next year as we demonstrate the production and start to demonstrate the types of products that that plant can make it. What's very typical of new starts is that you have some ups and downs early on to make some off spec while you're trying to prove out the technology. And certainly by the back half of the year, we ought to be producing many of the products that we had envisioned that this differentiated technology will produce.
Bob Patel: Well, P.J. first of all, in our feedstock consideration, so far the amount of propylene we produced hasn't really driven the feedstock decision. It's more about the relative price and relative economics. Perhaps the price of propylene has more impact than the amount of volume we output, because we have our flex unit where we can also convert ethylene to propylene, if we needed more propylene and it made economic sense. As I mentioned earlier, we increased butane and propane cracking up to 35%. And I think we could perhaps stress that a little bit more. And the key point on feedstock flexibility is that with our ability to crack that much of LPG and more Y-grade, if this Y-grade becomes the economical, I think we have the full range of feedstock available to us to capitalize on whatever feedstock environment presents itself. We still see ethane as being really well supplied and well priced to maintain the U.S. advantage when you think about a global cost curve.
Bob Patel: So, Bob first of all on M&A, there are a few principles that we really hold to. One is that we're committed to a very strong investment grade rating through the cycle, minimum BBB rating post any transaction that we might consider is very important to us to have the flexibility and the strength in terms of our balance sheet. Secondly, must have strategic fit and we're going to be very value-oriented, patient and disciplined. And I think we've demonstrated all of those things through our decisions on what we have done and what we haven't done. To your point about the tension between acquiring ourselves and acquiring perhaps others, the way think about this is that for the use of our operating cash flow, first and foremost, we're committed to the strong secure and progressive dividend over time. And as we demonstrated at Investor Day, it's really well covered. Sustaining CapEx by $1.1 billion, organic growth will be declining, so we think we'll have excess cash flow to dedicate to opportunistic buybacks as we progress over the next 12 to 18 months. As far as using our balance sheet, likely we would not use that for buybacks. We would consider more of that for very value oriented M&A. So look for us to stay disciplined, stay close to our core and constantly solve for a strong investment grade rating. And your question about Schulman integration, the integration costs will ramp up further, and Thomas, I don't know if you wanted to comment on how much will flow through 2020.
Bob Patel: Thanks for your question, Vincent. Well, as I've said in the past, I mean our focus has been to improve reliability and control the controllables, if you will, which is run the asset really well. And I'm really proud of the team at the refinery. I think they've delivered really great performance. We wanted to position ourselves for IMO 2020. I think we've done that completing our turnaround work, so we have a clear runway for next year to operate at maximum capacity. The key focus Vincent, at the moment is, I want to see the refinery turn to profit, generate free cash flow that we can reinvest back into LyondellBasell. And we're going to continue to focus on that. And in terms of portfolio, we'll continue to -- we'll consider options over time. But at the moment, the key is to get the refinery to generate free cash flow.
Bob Patel: Good morning, Steve. First of all, I think what's really important when we undertake this plastics debate is that we've got to close the loop. We have to prevent leakage of plastics into the environment as the first objective. Then when we've collected that waste my view is that we're going to need a range of solutions, chemical recycling, mechanical recycling and so on. And so, yes, indeed our ambition is to have a platform in both areas in mechanical and chemical recycling and have a sustainable business platform over the long-term. We expect to earn returns just like we do in any other investment. Where I wouldn't -- where I would perhaps draw difference here is that the timeline will be a little longer in terms of how long it takes for us to have a platform that's scalable. We're very committed to that in both chemical and mechanical recycling. And I see a path to success there.
Bob Patel: Okay. So Arun first I start with the market backdrop. And in the prepared remarks in our slides we showed you that through the end of the third quarter, the net price change is zero so to me that indicates that markets are somewhat balanced. We've seen reasonable amount of destocking. Recent industry reports have indicated even PE inventories have come down in the U.S. So the backdrop going into the fourth quarter to us feels like there's not a lot of excess inventory downstream because of all of the factors that are -- the macro factors that have created lack of confidence. Also I mentioned that the Asia PE to naphtha spreads are currently at very low levels around $300 per ton. And if you look back over the last 10 years these are kind of trough levels when we get to this point on Asia PE to naphtha spreads. So yes, we could have some seasonal pricing adjustments like we do every year in the fourth quarter. But I don't expect extraordinary changes because we've reached some evidence of trough, sort of, conditions whether you think about destocking or if you look at this PE to naphtha spread in Asia. And I think that's one that's held through if you look back over the last 10 years. So that's kind of how I'm thinking about things. And then next year once we get into the spring season, we'll see continued demand growth like we do every year. And anyone will recall that typically the growth in a year happens in the first nine months of the year. So by the time we get into the spring we should start to feel the impact of demand growth going into 2020. So I'm quite constructive at all of this because I think we've already had in some ways quite a correction in terms of inventories and margins. And the evidence I would point to is the Asia PE to naphtha spread.
Bob Patel: Well, there's a few factors especially with the Bora JV. First of all, it's based on our polyolefin technology. And the construction costs are almost half of what they would be on the Gulf Coast. So those are two really important factors. The construction is about 50% complete now. So by the time, we have definitive agreements and we're at a point where we're going to contribute equity into the venture, it'll be even more closer to startup. So all of those factors give us good confidence about the costs and the denominator and the return equation if you will. It's product that's produced in China for China. So it's a large growing market. And we're very confident about our ability to place that product. And as we look ahead to other investments I think this will be a very good test case for us and build our capability and our presence locally in the region so that when there are future phases in the Bora JV we should be able to invest with confidence and grow our position in a very important market. So those are all of the factors that give us confidence in our investment when we conclude the joint venture with Bora.
Bob Patel: Well, so Frank the puts and takes on I&D have been that styrene has weakened considerably as has methanol. And as you know when you think about the I&D business that's the part of the portfolio that provides the upside. And when it's not there we kind of land where we are now. That's an indication of those value chains and how the demand is evolving in this styrene value chain. PO has been a bit weaker as well because of automotive. That's been a consistent story throughout the year. And methanol has weakened as well. Now offsetting all of that has been a bitter oxyfuel business. So we've had not only better blend premiums this year, but also cheaper butane especially in the U.S. So Frank for I&D, I mean, you really have to look at this whole portfolio because there are typically offsets. If one is doing better the other doesn't. Not that they're correlated but we find that it's unusual if all of them were trough conditions. So difficult to really point at an exact number, but the part of our portfolio that provides upside has corrected considerably when you think about styrene and methanol.
Bob Patel: Sure, Hassan. So, on polypropylene, there is some new capacity that's starting up next year. But our sense is that, we kind of go sideways. As demand grows likely, this capacity, new capacity will be absorbed. And polypropylene growth rates have been pretty strong. We think those could be bolstered by an improvement in the automotive sector. We have seen this over the last 10 years that when the automotive sector comes back, you really see a big burst in demand. And we saw this back in '12 and '13. We saw it in '16, so likely that will benefit PP as well. And today, the economics include -- or today's margins factor in a very weak automotive market, which probably has more impact on PP than PE. So, I think kind of net of more supply maybe better demand, we go sideways from '19 to '20.
Bob Patel: No. You'll recall that polypropylene is really more of a regional market. There is some global trade, but generally there's -- it's more of a regional market. So, Europe and U.S. in terms of demand performance are similar. U.S. probably a little bit better because the automotive sector has been hit much harder in Europe than it has here. And frankly, we see that more in our compounding business, where Europe is weaker. So, polypropylene has been a decent business this year for us. And as I mentioned in a prior question, that I see the net of sort of capacity additions and demand growth showing sideways sort of performance from this year to next.
Bob Patel: Well, I think we've already seen a lot of the destocking and sort of weakness in our markets throughout the whole year. I mean, if you go back to Q1, Q2 trade uncertainty, recession fears expectations of new capacity causing pricing to come down. That has all caused destocking downstream. And so, typically, when you go into fourth quarter, you see some destocking because of year-end, but my sense is a lot of that's already occurred especially in polyethylene. And again, I would point you to the Asia PE to naphtha spread. I mean it's really showing trough conditions. So this expectation of weaker markets has been around and the sentiment has been there for most of this year and has driven buyer behavior. So, other than a directionally some seasonal impacts that we get every year, it's difficult to imagine there would be a lot more.
Bob Patel: So, Jeff polyethylene has grown probably more like 4% to 4.5% in the timeframe you described. And this year, it's still growing kind of in that range, maybe a little bit lower. Again, as I mentioned earlier with destocking happening globally and the concerns around trade and so on, I think we've seen a little bit reduction in this demand growth, but a lot of its packaging based, so -- and consumable end use demand. So we're still very constructive about demand growth on polyethylene going forward.
Bob Patel: Indeed. Well, I think with stakeholders, we have to emphasize that our aim is to be a going concern that generates good results, so that we can have sustainability in our business model. And we're responsible and disciplined on how we deploy the cash flow we earn not only how we do it, but what we do it that actually earn the cash flow. And so I would frame it in that way that it's important that we generate the results we do keeping all stakeholders in mind and deploy the cash flow that we deploy keeping all stakeholders in mind. And I think frankly, we've done that. So I don't know that this new commitment requires a change in our approach. I think we've been living by this in the past, and we'll continue to do that in the future. And as it relates to share repurchases the idea is to have a really strong company over a long period of time. And so we're going to be very prudent in where we invest. And shareholders are a very important stakeholder constituency.
Bob Patel: So today Jonas about 20% of our PE is exported. That's come up actually from low double digits. So we've already increased our exports. And I can imagine next year after we start Hyperzone that we will increase that further and approach the industry average of something like mid-30s, I think in exports 30% to 35% of export out of the U.S. We'll likely still be under that, but approach that a little bit more as we go into next year.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So, Laurence on bio based naphtha, we've already demonstrated we can crack that in our investment Germany site. And as we find more sources of that, we'll – our aim is to scale that up. And I think over time based on availability of feedstock and our ability to evolve technology, I'm convinced that we're going to have very sustainable good return sort of business models and it's been sort of the nature of our industry, and our company is that first we innovate, and then we get to scale so we can earn returns. And I don't see mechanical recycling, chemical recycling any differently. We're on the front end of this investment I'm fully prepared that while the investments are very modest at this point, we perhaps will have a little longer time horizon. But we will be able to scale up at the right time and we welcome the adoption of circularity. We think it's very important as we think about the use of plastics going into the long term. And again, as I mentioned earlier the most important comparative today is to prevent the leakage of plastic waste or plastic pallets into the environment. Then once we collect that companies like us are endeavoring to use that waste in many different ways to create new products to close the loop. And we're very committed to that, and we'll continue to invest in that regard.
Bob Patel: Hey, Matthew, good morning, good question. So as you mentioned rightly naphtha's already come-off quite a lot. And frankly, that's part of what's ailing our refining performances. We don't have a refinery, so when some of these products like naphtha and propylene and others come down in price that further directionally affects the results at the refinery. Having said all that, I always kind of go back to historical naphtha premiums or discounts. And I think we're at a point where, if there is – if there is further reduction in naphtha relative to crude oil, it's hard to imagine that that would be sustained. If it does there are offsets. Obviously, our European operations would benefit from that because naphtha will become a lot cheaper. We also could crack more naphtha, if it was advantaged compared to ethane here in the U.S. So I mean, I think they're sort of – there's two sides to the ledger in terms of naphtha and we'll have to work our way through that. But it seems to me that a sustained step down in naphtha is more difficult to contemplate.
Bob Patel: Thank you. This is Bob Patel. I'll offer a few closing remarks. First of all, thanks for all the great questions. Our company is delivering resilient performance during these times of macro uncertainty, market headwinds and weak industrial demand. At LyondellBasell, we're not simply waiting for markets to rebound. We're taking steps to further increase our cash flow, make disciplined investment decisions and create more value for our shareholders. Thank you for your interest in our company and we look forward to updating you on our full year results and growth initiatives during our fourth quarter earnings call. With that, we'll end the call. Hope you all have a great weekend. Thank you.
