Doug Pike: Thanks, Sharon. Welcome to LyondellBasell's Fourth Quarter 2014 Teleconference. And I'm joined today by Bob Patel, our CEO; Karyn Ovelmen, our CFO; and Sergey Vasnetsov, our Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Transactions. Before we begin business discussion, I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyb.com. I'd also like for you to note that the statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. And actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. And for more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are available at www.lyb.com/InvestorRelations. A reconciliation to the non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website www.lyb.com. But finally, I'd like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 3 PM Eastern Time today until 11 PM Eastern Time on March 3 by calling 866-407-9260 in the United States and 203-369-0614 outside the United States. And the pass code for both numbers is 4558. During today's call, we'll focus on fourth quarter and full year of 2014 performance, the current environment and the near-term outlook. But before turning the call over to Bob, I’d like to call your attention to the non-cash Lower of Cost or Market inventory adjustment that we recognized during the fourth quarter. This charge is driven by the use of LIFO accounting, our 2010 fresh start accounting as we entered the public markets and the recent declines in pricing for many of our own aw materials and finished goods inventories. And Karyn will discuss that adjustments later in the call, but the comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results, excluding the impact of this LCM inventory charge. With that being said, I now like to turn the call over to Bob.
Doug Pike: Hi, Frank, this is Doug. Let’s first talk about the contribution, I mean, it’s still 800 million pound expansion. So we see the margins at over the market turns out to be, think of where we are now is perhaps is showing ethylene margins at over $0.25 a pound. So, we’ll see where things move in this world that we are in where things are moving up and down a little bit right now. But, regardless, on the way it settles very strong, rather it’s going to be a 2013, impossible for us to say at this juncture. Now as far as the timing of Corpus, what we’ve done is, we are going to do our turnaround in the first quarter at Corpus and as you can understand we are making a significant increase in the capacity and we tied a lot of new equipment. So we have to start the expansion with the turnaround. So with new turnaround in the first quarter, that will contribution be bring up the expansion in the second quarter. It’s very much like we do that report. It’s just a matter of framing, Frank.
Doug Pike: Utilities typically for us across all the facilities, a dollar in gas can be about $250 million in utilities that’s including the refinery and the crackers et cetera.
Bob Patel: Well, PJ, when I think about buy versus build, we really have to step back and look at free cash flow deployment. So how do we think about our free cash flow deployment and our balance sheet. First of all, our priorities are to maintain our existing assets in top condition. So our maintenance capital is a high priority to us, then our current dividend is also a priority. Beyond that, our focus as has been in the past it should have a stable and growing regular dividend, to have a good focus on growth plans – on CapEx to the extent that we still have opportunities and then share repurchases. We still see our shares has being a compelling value. We still see the ethylene advantage as being live and well. And we see a bright future for our company. In terms of M&A, we have to compete M&A – competes with all of these other priorities and we’ll continue to evaluate all of our options as we carry forward the strategy of our company.
Bob Patel: Well, exports of ethane is probably a little bit different than exports of propane and butane. At today’s crude oil price, ethane exports will look less attractive, but over the long run as we have mentioned, in prior calls that there are crackers in Europe and perhaps some in Asia who are uniquely placed to import ethane and benefit from those imports. We don’t expect this to be a very broad sort of program. It’s specific for a few crackers. In the case of propane, propane exports have been increasing. But here in the US, we still see a significant amount of propane supply and ethane supply. Ethane rejection levels today are 300,000 to 400,000 barrels per day. So while ethane exports and NGL exports in general will be persistent in the market. We don’t expect those to change the outlook of the US ethylene advantage.
Bob Patel: Well, thanks John. First of all, when I think about what gets us to the next level, our focus has to be in the near term on running what we have today as well as we possibly can. That enables a generation of free cash flow which affords us to have the opportunity I think about the other items you mentioned that’s just been the job here less than 30 days. We are going to build out our strategy, we are going to work with the Board to discuss an array of options, organic growth, no other growth options that maybe available to us, we’ll develop that over time. But we do see these share repurchases as being a continued focus. We’re likely to ask our shareholders to approve another share repurchase program after this one from this course in May, June. So share repurchases will continue to be something that you will see from us. In addition to that, we will build out our strategy and think about other ways to take the company to the new level.
Bob Patel: Well, first of all, I would remind you that we’ve gone through a fairly significant cost reduction program following 2009 and 2010. And I can tell you that the culture of our company as we don’t wait for prices to change our costs. We manage our cost tightly in good times and in bad times and while we don’t have a program that we are running through the company at the moment, we have opportunities to incrementally improve our cost structure whether it’s in – more in specific sites, or in specific businesses, those are things that we pursue everyday and we’ll continue to do that for the rest. Our job is to be nimble from a commercial standpoint as these markets are dynamic and continue to run our assets as reliably and safely as possible. We think that that is - that’s our formula and it has been effected – it will be effected in the future.
Bob Patel: Well, Jeff, it’s a good question and I want to make sure I don’t get ahead of my board and ahead of the team that works together with me here at LyondellBasell. And but certainly, we are going to build out our strategy, we are going to continue the evolution of our company. We think about where we’ve come from, we’ve gone from a company that was really focused on day-to-day survival in 2009 and 2010 to a company that got its cost structure right put in place incredibly strong operating discipline which enabled the free cash flow that we enjoy today. We’ve reached the benefits of internal organic growth opportunities. We still have many ahead of us which we simply can’t lose our focus on those. There is some fairly big projects that are underway and then, of course, as we mine those, we’ll then think about the next steps in terms of strategies. So you will hear more from us as time goes on and we’ll share a bit more with you when we come up to New York for Investor Day. But, think about going through an evolution is most companies has built through and we’ve come a long way and I think we have a long way to go.
Bob Patel: Well, generally in our markets, Jeff, the cost part of the equation tends to fall faster than the price part of the equation. Having said that, we have lot to do with how fast and how dynamic prices move. Today, operating rates are relatively high all over the world and when we think about inventories in the value chain they are relatively low. Crude price has been dropping for the better part of 60 days. Based on our past experience in 2008 and 2009, all the participants in the value chain had a propensity to reduce inventory quickly because it did values everyday. We think that’s kind of run its course. As we see here today in January, and as crude oil prices perhaps stabilize and there is an indication of a bottom likely, we are going to see some inventory replenishment and we are going to see a seasonal uptick in demand as we move into March, April, May timeframe. But I think all those factors point to a net positive picture from a demand standpoint. Operating rates are reasonably good. So, and on that slide, perhaps you haven’t seen the kind of impact on ethylene price. And the other thing I would say is that the price of ethane is more tied to gas than it is to oil. So here, as I mentioned earlier, the ethane supply demand indicates that there is an abundance of ethane and rejection levels have reached as high as 400,000 barrels a day. So there is plenty of ethane, there is lots of propane here to compete with ethane to get into the cracker and frankly, we don’t see that changing in the near term.
Bob Patel: Well, we are a significant merchant player today and we’ll likely be a merchant player in the future in the ethylene market. Our expansions in terms of ethylene, so we’ve got the La Porte one up and running at 800 million. We have the next ChannelView expansion in Q2 of 2015. We have Corpus Christi in Q2 of 2016 and the ChannelView, another ChannelView expansion in 2017. In total, we’ll add about 2.3 billion pound to 2.4 billion pounds. Part of that is to fully support the assets we have on the ground today. You have to remember we also have a flux unit which produces propylene which consumes a significant amount of ethylene. So our options in terms of future integration of ethylene, we could build more polyethylene, we could build another flux unit. We continue to evaluate those options. But I do expect us to be a reasonable size merchant seller of ethylene as well. We feel with those three options, I think we have a reasonable amount of potential to supply new ethylene that will come online.
Bob Patel: I am not sure about it, that presents risk. Maybe you step back and look at the supply demand outlook for ethylene globally. The US is really the only region that’s having significant amount of ethylene capacity. You don’t see a lot of this in Asia. Asia is more focused on coal-based propylene or PDH-based propylene and there are some crackers but not significant. In Europe, there really is, there are many expansions. So we think about global demand growth of ethylene and you think about the amount of ethylene expansion here in the US, the two match up relatively – and so we have the Middle East adding ethane-based ethylene production. We do have some mix feed crackers there that are planned with – being one of them. But, I really see America as being the next exporter of ethylene to support global demand growth and therefore I think prices will equilibrate to kind of international arbitrage and the product will be placed. So, it’s only natural that more product will be exported to meet the demands for the rest of the world.
Bob Patel: Well, thanks, Arun for your kind words. In terms of the inventory downstream, I think that across the world, whether you talk about Asia or Europe or US, the inventory in the value chain is on the low end of normal range. And I think buyers are looking to see – looking for signs of a bottom in prices and in crude oil and as I mentioned earlier, if you think about some level of restocking coupled with a seasonal uptick in demand, going into the next few months, I am relatively bullish about the demand outlook globally on polyolefins. And I think that will carry its way through at least June.
Bob Patel: Well, from a demand standpoint, Vincent, I think, we should think about demand improving based on lower oil price and as emerging markets continue to consumer more polyolefins per person. So, those trends I think are still in place. I am not sure if I am ready to declare some sort of super cycle at this point. But I do think demand will improve incrementally and again, I would point you to, especially in polyethylene or ethylene and derivatives look and see how much new capacity is coming outside of the US and there is not that much. So, we could see, reasonably high operating rates over a longer period of time. But we will have to watch all this and see how demand evolves.
Bob Patel: Thanks, Dave. We are known for here in the US is our feedstock flexibility and so, we can crack ethane, propane, butane, we can even crack heavy liquids. But we’ve changed our cracker profile over the past that our cracking profile over the past three four years. We’ve not given up a lot of our flexibility, but what part of that does is, we can’t crack a lot of any one thing. But as you look at where relative propane and ethane prices has been, we’ve been able to capture the value of the NGL barrels being advantaged. And so, I don’t think that’s held us back. It might have some competitors who can crack a lot more propane than we can. But I would tell you that we have industry-leading flexibility which I think will service over the long run.
Bob Patel: Well, when I think about more broadly any of our assets, I expect that every asset should realize its full potential. It got to run well and the refinery has certainly made great strides in that area. They have to outperform their peers and our refining is – probably I think this area as well and more to go we’ve identified many more improvement areas and Kevin and his team are working diligently to realize that potential. We are likely – all of our businesses at a minimum have to generate positive cash flow and the refinery is doing that. So - and looking forward, we see some potential upside from Canadian crude moving to Houston, we are already realizing some of that to Flanagan South Pipeline and we expect that more of that in full year 2015. So, I still see potential there. The refining business is challenging and we know that, but, we are going to continue to work this asset and make sure it realizes its full potential.
Bob Patel: Yes, I think, generally, butane looks to be favored, butane is abundantly available, especially going into the summer months. Recently when I was in Europe, and we were getting butane at prices we haven’t seen in many, many years. Here in the US the same. So, our view is that it’s part of the broader NGL story and we think butane will be abundant and we will contribute to the profitability of our MTBE business going forward.
Bob Patel: Well, we are always open to considering different contracts and options. But as you know, we have a strong list of projects in front of us and as I mentioned earlier in the call, 2.3 billion pounds to 2.4 billion pounds of ethylene expansion. Beyond that, we are always open to considering other projects, but we have enough on our plates and we want to execute well and let’s see what’s ahead of us.
Bob Patel: Good morning, Duffy. Well, in Europe, the landscape is a little different than the US, because each cracker has its own set of circumstances given that there are – there isn’t a robust logistics ethylene system or feedstocks and for products. So, lot of the crackers in Europe, they are tied to the neighboring refinery and often the ownership is the same. So while they might aspire to crack more propane or more butane, their peak rate maybe more fixed given location and ownership structure and those kind of things. So, incrementally, the industry over there likely will crack a bit more propane. But I don’t see that materially impacting our operating rates or our ability to leverage propane and butane there.
Bob Patel: Well, those are the two most natural destinations and over time, generally they tend to come in where the Middle East could be a different. I will tell you that the Asian market is easier to serve than is the European market and it’s some more natural destination for Middle East product. We’ll also have to watch the euro dollar exchange rate as the euro weakens, Asia could look like a more attractive export destination. And likely, European buyers are more sophisticated at times require more higher end products and so on. Typically, not the kind of products we would produce in large facility in the Middle East. So, a lot of factors that point through Asia being the more likely destination of the Middle East exports.
Bob Patel: Hi, Aleks. I think, when you think of MTBE, you have to remember really what it is, right it is basically it’s high octane gasoline component. It would be – no sulfur, it seem very well into the environment. So it’s going to see ups and downs based on octane demand, operating rates and things like that. But generally what you find in here is, you have a market where octane engine demand, there is a number of higher wafer pressure, lower octane materials available in the forms of – refrains in the US. And MTBE is a natural blending component around the world. So, I think you see a solid market. Or you basically have another gas to oil situation in which butane price, butane inventories are as long as they have which responded to the lower level price oil environment. And our continued volumes are good
Bob Patel: Good morning, Kevin. We haven’t changed our view on ethane supply demand longer term. In the near-term the market will go through a bit of transition. As you’ve probably read, as all have read there, it’s been a pretty significant response on the supply side and oil. Most of the majors have announced 30% to 50% caught on their CapEx budgets, while our E&P companies have announced cut as well. Likely, this will – to the response in oil price, I can’t tell you when likely that will happen and longer term, we think the US will continue to be a strong producer of natural gas at NGLs and we don’t see the availability of ethane materially changing. And the answer to your question about the capital program, I don’t have any price to adjust to our capital program based on the current market condition in terms of our growth plans on ethylene. We are going to continue on the path we are on, we are going to continue both ChannelView expansions and the Corpus Christi expansion.
Bob Patel: We are not seeing anything that’s really different or unusual. The metrics might, seeing sort of a normal end of season decline. As I have mentioned, we saw little bit of a slowdown in buying which we think is some destocking with it. But overall, we are not seeing a big reaction to the pricing and I don’t see anything different across either of the two regions and both are really pretty good line and pretty difficult of what we’ve seen at year end.
Bob Patel: Well, part of what drove that, Don in the past years is just supply demand. The market has been very strong in the US and we haven’t had expansions here in quite some time. So, market dynamics are very good here. In the near term, I think demand as I mentioned earlier should be incrementally better as we work through the year with the restocking as well as some seasonal uptick in demand. Longer term, our prices in the US tend to be and will be more so in the future tied to export equivalents and so on, especially more for the commodity products. And there again with the wide crude to gas ratio and abundance of ethane here in the US, American producers should enjoy a reasonably good margin.
Bob Patel: We certainly b benefited from the natural gas price dropping some – I don’t know, Doug if we have a number.
Bob Patel: Yes, good morning Hassan. When you think about propylene in the US, they were net short on a capacity basis, our derivatives ability to consume propylene and the amount of propylene that's produced. And our propylene prices already corrected significantly in the past couple of months. And as methane and propane compete be in the lay for crackers, the amount of propylene supply will vary. My sense is that, at these prices, propylene is on the low end. But we'll just have to see how supply demand plays out. But just remember that there is more consumption capacity of propylene at the moment than there is production capacity.
Bob Patel: Well, you’ll recall that that’s methanol plant was idle for many, many years and we restarted it. So, generally, when you restart units that have been idle for that long, if I am going to discover things as we restarted up and we need to on – and quite frankly, we got this project done quickly and we came back and found that we need group few things and we’ve done that. So we’ll do that here in Q1. Having said all that, that is still an incredibly profitable project for us providing very strong returns and so we have to work through a few of the things last year. For this year, we expect based on our view on natural gas and our methanol prices that running at full rates will be the right thing to do this year given our outlook on margins. And so we expect to run after the first quarter maintenance activity to run at full rates.
Bob Patel: Good afternoon, Nils. Well, there are several projects that are already underway in terms of construction. And so, something like seven crackers, and likely those will be built and whatever the pace the projects progress at, it’s likely the second wave of project that were announced which will be revisited. But I think the seven or so that are under construction or will be soon very likely to come up.
Bob Patel: Well, short term you get these kind of dislocations based on inventory or maybe specific logistics-related constraints. But longer term, or later on this year, I would expect that propane we’ll start pursuing, and on the outset you remember that ethane too much below it’s and that’s been trading right around its true value. So, I think the two will completely open, I don't know if propane will really remain more advantaged that ethylene through the entire year, that remains to be seen. The good news is that both are in abundant supply and therefore we should see an advantaged feedstock position here in the US for this year.
Bob Patel: All right, well, thank you for all your questions and I’d like to just close with a few comments. First of all, we had a banner here in 2014 and I am not going to repeat all of the operational accomplishments and so on, but, it’s worthy of highlighting that we returned $7.2 billion to shareholders in 2014. We have a regular dividend and share repurchase program, we’ve remained committed to the share repurchase program. We have a very strong and flexible balance sheet which will be durable really in any environment and we’ll support our strategy going forward. While I am new to the CEO role, I am not new to the company and I am certainly not new to the industry. You should expect that in the near tern our focus is going to continue to be our safety and operational excellence and cost management and delivering on all these growth programs we have in front of us. Longer-term, we’ll continue to build out strategy and align with the Board and the kind of things we want to do to the extent that we can discuss some of that with you, we’ll do so at our Investor Day on April 29. So, thank you very much for your continued interest in our company and we’ll look forward to you next time. Thank you.
