David Kinney: Hello, and welcome to LyondellBasell's Second Quarter 2020 Teleconference. I am joined today by Bob Patel, our Chief Executive Officer; and Michael McMurray, our Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin the business discussion, I would like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com.  We will be discussing our business results while making reference to some forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. We believe the forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, and the alternative measures are useful to investors. Nonetheless, the forward-looking statements are subject to significant risk and uncertainty. We encourage you to learn more about the factors that could lead our actual results to differ by reviewing the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our regulatory filings, which are available at www.lyondellbasell.com/investorrelations.  Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with other disclosures, including the earnings release, are also currently available on our website. Finally, I would like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 1 p.m. Eastern Time today until September 1 by calling (800) 879-4299 in the United States and (203) 369-3561 outside the United States. The passcode for both numbers is 7410.  During today's call, we will focus on second quarter results, the current environment, our near-term outlook and provide an update on our growth initiatives.  Before turning the call over to Bob, I would like to call your attention to the noncash lower op cost or market inventory adjustments, or LCM, that we have discussed on past calls. These adjustments are related to our use of last-in, first-out or LIFO accounting and the recent decline in prices of our raw material and finished goods inventories. During the second quarter, we've recognized pretax LCM benefits totaling $96 million compared to LCM charges of $419 million in the first quarter. Comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results, excluding the impacts of these LCM inventory charges.  With that being said, I would now like to turn the call over to Bob. 
David Kinney: Yes. And P.J., this is Dave. I think what catches your eye on that chart is the MTO coming down sharply with lower methanol prices here in July. And as you know, that's a relatively small portion of global ethylene supply. So not as impactful as it might look on that chart. 
David Kinney: Hassan, this is Dave. And I'd just add that even though the vehicle miles traveled has returned to what was in January and February before the pandemic, it's nowhere near than the typical summer driving season. And that's what we really need to get those oxyfuels margins back. We're currently in maybe winter-like oxyfuels margins, and it would be nice to be in a typical summer season. 
Bhavesh Patel: Steve, this is Bob. Indeed, we do produce a lot of hydrogen off of our crackers, especially the ethane crackers. We have some integration with the refinery, as you noted. We also sell some crude hydrogen to the industrial gas companies who then refine the hydrogen.  So there's a mix. Some of it is fuel. Some of it is sold to industrial gas companies, and then -- and the balance goes back to our refinery. And we'll look at that over time as we see industrial gas companies finding new uses for hydrogen to see if we can sell more to them and recover. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, Jeff. So we've essentially delayed the project by 1 year. So originally, our schedule was to complete the project in Q3 of '21 and to commence commissioning. Now we'll complete in Q3 of '22.  We're still updating our capital forecast on that project. So once we have a better number, we'll provide that to the investment community. We're not really prepared to do that today.  And then to your question about earnings. So indeed, I mean, we've talked about $400 million to $450 million of EBITDA. And so if you consider 2023 as the first full year of operation, we would expect that kind of that mid-cycle margins for PO and for MTBE, then we should be in that range of $400 million to $450 million of EBITDA contribution. 
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. So there's a lot there, and I'll give you kind of the puts and takes. So if you think about our O&P business, that was running well kind of through the lockdown period, especially for end uses like packaging and medical. As we sit here today, we're running in the U.S. basically at full rates. In Europe, we're running between 85% and 90% on our O&P assets. And I would expect that should hold through the quarter.  I&D, we're running between 85% and 90%, depending on the region and the product. Remember that in I&D, our PO goes into more durable good-type applications tied to auto as well. And that recovery, while it's occurring, it's happening at a slower pace.  Same with fuel demand. It has recovered off the lows, but we're far from where we were at -- in pre-pandemic levels.  And then with the refinery, our challenge really is twofold. One is demand recovery for gasoline and for jet fuel, still a long way away from where we were before the pandemic set in. And then the light heavy differential is still very, very narrow, which is hugely leveraging for our refinery. So I think we'll be -- continue to see challenges in the Refining segment for sure. 
Bhavesh Patel: Alex, not really. We didn't see much impact. If there was, it was marginal for maybe a week or 2, but not sustained. The challenge for our Middle East assets, really in the early part of Q2, was the flatter cost curve and also lower relative prices in China for polyethylene, which both have now moved in the right direction. So we see full availability of feedstock today and much better margins in our Middle East assets. 
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. So certainly, the slope is not as great as it was 2 or 3 years ago. But we still think there's enough advantage. And I think today, P.J., margins are really more driven by the dynamics in China. And what we're seeing today is that polyethylene demand is quite strong. In fact, there's very significant year-over-year growth when we look at -- through Q2 for China polyethylene. And prices have responded quite a lot.  So I think probably that will be a bigger driver of global polyethylene prices in the near term, is the continued robust demand growth in China. And until oil price moves up further, likely, we have a cost curve that's similar to what it is today. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. Vincent, so on ethane, we had a run-up in price about midway through the quarter. And I think part of that was related to certain producing basins, either shutting in and others restarting, so that it was an effect of the timing of when certain basins were rejecting and certain were in recovery mode.  I think as we look at the outlook, it's reasonable to assume that ethane prices will remain kind of in the range where they are today. There's already some talk about some of the drilled but uncompleted wells coming back online in the Permian. And so that could boost supply of ethane. Today, there's still 500,000 barrels a day of rejection of ethane. So we think there's enough ethane available. It's more about local sort of dislocations that have impacted the price.  In terms of propane, propane exports have been fairly strong. There's a lot of propane in the world today. So it seems to me that given more modest demand for propane globally, given kind of the economic situation we find ourselves in, I don't think propane can rise a lot relative to ethane. So we think probably kind of where we are today in terms of feedstocks is the right way to think about it going into -- even into Q4. 
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. So coming back to one of the prior questions about the cost curve, I think that if we look at IHS or others who forecast oil price, it seems that the recovery will take some time to get back to the kind of cost curve that we had back in '16 or '17 even. And so likely, with less slope on the cost curve, there will be less investment. We've already seen some delays in the U.S. that have been announced of new projects. I would expect that, that would continue.  In China, our working assumption is that largely what's been announced will get built. Now there could be a little bit of delay, but I think it's fair to assume that what's on the books will come online.  Elsewhere in the world, though, whether it's the Middle East or it's U.S., I would expect very modest, if any, expansion, given the outlook for especially advantaged feedstocks.  And then with MTO, as Dave mentioned earlier, it represents a very small percentage of global capacity, and it always tends to be the swing. When it's in the money, it will run; when it's not, it will shut down. 
Bhavesh Patel: Well, David, I think that given that where inventories are in Asia today, they're at -- in China. China port inventory is at 5-year lows, and U.S. exports are at maximum today. Very high level of imports from other parts as well into China. I don't think these couple of 3 crackers will really kind of disturb the environment that we find ourselves in. As I mentioned earlier, growth has resumed in China. We're finding that growth rates are in the 4% to 6% range on polyethylene year-over-year. So -- and still recovery in front of us because even in China, there are hotspots in terms of the virus. So I'm pretty constructive about the outlook through Q3. 
Bhavesh Patel: Sure, Hassan. Absolutely. We've always thought of our I&D segment as being one of the more stable segments in the company. And I think it will resume that profile post the virus and after we have vaccines.  We've not had a period where both U.S. and European auto manufacturers were completely shut down. So we have no kind of historical reference for that. And now we are seeing demand come back in the auto sector, but it's not back to where it was.  And then for the TBA, the fuels demand has been hit very hard because of the lockdowns. Again, something that we don't have any historical context for. So both, I think, will correct post pandemic, if you will. And I do think that I&D will return to its stable profile that we've come to like about that business.  Now timing for that, I do think that it's -- of course, it's tied to development of vaccines and therapeutics and, of course, distribution of that. So not just when one is discovered, but when they're actually distributed and given to people.  I mean I think the recovery, really, we need to be thinking about second half '21, perhaps even into '22 before we see a full recovery. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. And lastly, oil prices also help on oxyfuel margins. So higher oil is better for oxyfuel as well. 
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. So the June increase really was underpinned with lower inventories and the return of exports. So we really, as an industry, ramped up exports in May, June. And I think that continues.  So let me give you some context on inventories.  Today, the industry inventories, as reported, are somewhere between 3 and 5 days below previous kind of median values. So very low inventories. I think that the $0.04, of course, is in. $0.05, we think, it looks very firm. Operating rates are very high across the industry. That also helps to support the increase.  And then the next $0.05, beyond the $0.04 and the $0.05 that are already kind of implemented, we think given kind of the backdrop and the improvement in demand, and as I mentioned, strong exports, we think that, that $0.05 also has pretty good chance of going through. And by the way, the $0.04 and the $0.05 that have been implemented, most of the realization will be in Q3 for those increases given kind of how the market works. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes, Frank. Thank you. So let me first more broadly answer that question by talking about our capital allocation priorities. So our priorities are very simple. It's investment-grade rating through the cycle and continuity of the dividend through the cycle. So those are the 2 most important things that we're solving for as we kind of run the company through this unusual period.  So in terms of dividend, I think, Frank, given the uncertain outlook, too early to really say whether we would do something to increase the dividend or not. Our priority is about continuity of the $4.20 that we paid today.  Buybacks. Again, same thing. There's quite a bit of uncertainty until there's a vaccine available and disseminated around the world. So we're going to be somewhat conservative when it comes to increasing dividend or buybacks, just given the uncertain outlook and to make sure that we deliver on the 2 priorities that I mentioned. So that's kind of how I think about uses of cash. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So Duffy, on the naphtha pricing itself, you should assume it's plus or minus at market essentially for Northeast Asia. And in terms of earnings impact, really minimal earnings this year because we're going to be in the commissioning stage. And just given our experience with our Hyperzone plant that we've been  ramping up rates on, we shouldn't expect earnings from Bora for the remainder of the year. But the commissioning is underway at that JV. 
Bhavesh Patel: So Technology segment did not include any benefits from Bora because they've essentially -- they've paid us on our licensing progress payments a while ago.  And then in terms of premarketing, as you know, we market polyethylene and polypropylene in Asia today. So we have a decent view of how we can place the additional volume. And so we didn't need to send more volume for seeding the market. We've been exporting to Asia, just a matter of normal course. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. Mike, I think you can look at IHS-posted price change, if you will, on polyethylene. That will be a guide.  Now the $0.04, some of that tends to be realized in July as well. So not all of the $0.04 will be realized in June. And same with the next $0.05 that's being implemented now. It kind of goes across 2 months.  Probably the biggest improvement in margin that we're seeing is from the C4 market improving somewhat. It's coming off bottom. It's not great, to be frank, but it's better than what it was back in  March, April. So a combination of stabilizing ethane price, better C4 and higher polyethylene as we realize these increases as kind of the drivers for polyethylene margin. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. So Jonas, I think some of the packaging demand will be more permanent. And as you've probably noted, some of the single-use plastic bans have been reversed because of the benefits of -- in terms of hygiene of single-use bags and so on. So I think there will be some lasting benefit, but I wouldn't bank all of it in packaging. There will be some improvement.  Then as for the other segments like auto and so on, I mean, we would expect there to be a rapid recovery once a vaccine is developed and we're clearly behind -- the pandemic is behind us. So I think net-net, probably positive for packaging and medical. 
Bhavesh Patel: Yes. And then in terms of the crude run rates, Matthew, it's more about the configuration of our refinery and the fact that we don't make as much jet or gasoline because we're a heavy crude processing refinery. So for us, it was more about finding incremental barrels to get from 85% to 90% that had positive contribution margin. But I think the heavy processing setup of our refinery probably favored us incrementally. 
Bhavesh Patel: Okay. Thank you. Well, let me offer a few closing remarks. Our consistent focus on cash generation and disciplined capital allocation will help us steer through any point in the cycle. We're really well equipped for the current challenges. We've leveraged our leading portfolio, our advantaged positions toward our goal of delivering sustainable value for our shareholders. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings call in October. Thank you. And with that, we're adjourned. 
