David Kinney: Thank you, Jen. Hello and welcome to LyondellBasell's first quarter 2017 teleconference. I am joined today by Bob Patel, our Chief Executive Officer and Thomas Aebischer, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin the business discussion, I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyb.com. I would also like for you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. For more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are available at www.lyb.com/investorrelations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website. Finally, I would like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2:00 PM Eastern Time today, until midnight Eastern Time on May 28 by calling 800-839-9140 in the United States, and 203-369-3624 outside the United States. The pass code for both numbers is 2526. During today's call, we will focus on first quarter results, the current environment and near-term outlook. Before turning the call over to Bob, I would like to call your attention to the non-cash lower of cost or market inventory adjustments, or LCM, that we have discussed on past calls. As previously explained, these adjustments are related to our use of LIFO accounting and declines in the prices of our raw materials and finished goods inventories in the previous periods. Comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results, excluding impacts of the prior LCM inventory charges. With that being said, I would now like to turn the call over to Bob.
David Kinney: Yeah, Vincent, actually in the fourth quarter, it was a $30 billion (sic) [million] gain and then a $40 million loss in the first quarter. So it was quite a bit of variance quarter-to-quarter, normally, we wouldn't talk about this, but just the variance quarter-to-quarter, we brought it to light.
David Kinney: Yeah, Jonas, I think we see this shaping up pretty much as a normal year for MTBE, not like 2015, per se, but more typical with the summer season, unlike what we had in 2016.
David Kinney: And the precious metal catalysts were in there, the $40 million for the first quarter in I&D as well.
David Kinney: Yeah. If we could limit things to just one question, so that we can get everybody in before we have to finish here, that would be great.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Thank you, Dave. Good morning to all of you, and thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. Let's begin with slide 4 and review the highlights from the first quarter. Our first quarter diluted earnings were $2 per share with EBITDA of $1.6 billion. We continue to deliver solid results with three of our five operating segments improving in profitability relative to the fourth quarter. We continue to optimize our debt portfolio by redeeming and refinancing $1 billion at an after-tax cost of $106 million. This reduced first quarter earnings by $0.26 per share. Our chemical and polymer operations generally ran well and we completed planned maintenance in our refinery and the Channelview co-product processing units. Planned maintenance and other non-routine costs impacted first quarter results by approximately $250 million. We continue to execute on our financial priorities during the first quarter, and Thomas will provide you with an update on this progress in a few moments. Slide 5 reflects the leading safety performance that our employees and contractors continue to achieve during first quarter of this year. We strongly believe that an unrelenting focus on health, safety and environmental performance provides benefits to our operations and profitability as well as the more obvious direct benefits to our employees and neighboring communities. And now Thomas will discuss our financial highlights for the first quarter.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Generally, we do have a lag in the implementation of those price increases compared to the announcement date. So I think it's very typical of what we've experienced in the past and indeed we should see the full benefit in Q2.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: In April, once we finished our maintenance, we've been running at essentially our design rate of about 270,000 barrels per day.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, in the near term, Arun, we're headed into a period where, generally, demand picks up seasonally. As you likely mentioned, inventories especially here in the U.S. are on the low side. I think that's all very constructive as we go through the second quarter. As has been well noted, there are new capacity expansions coming online in the second half of this year. If you look under the headline of those expansions, quite a bit of it is linear low density polyethylene, a market in which we have very small participation. There's some low density and then of course some high density. So, I think it's important to consider the types of polyethylene that comprise these new expansions. And on the ethylene side, I think given that the derivatives in some cases are ahead by a quarter or two of the cracker expansions, we're pretty constructive about ethylene markets for the balance of this year. So, as you rightly said, we're focused on running full out for the remainder of the year.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, PO demand is still very steady and as you know, quite a bit of our PO is sold on a cost-plus basis. So, we don't see a lot of volatility in terms of earnings in that part of I&D. For the remainder of I&D from a demand standpoint, things are very steady and as we had expected. On the supply side, there were some disruptions in supply in the industry in methanol and in styrene in Q1, but those seem to have resolved or largely resolved themselves and you're seeing pricing moderate. But if you look at pricing by historic standards, we're still at pretty healthy levels.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: We tilted a little bit more towards liquids, but just as a reminder, we have that co-product unit at Channelview that was out for planned maintenance for a couple of months. So that limited really our ability to flex towards more liquid cracking in the U.S. In Europe, we did move more towards naphtha cracking because of the higher co-product values. But those have now adjusted back a bit. Propylene has come down some. Butadiene has come down quite a lot in the last couple of months, still at pretty reasonable levels, but down from a very, very high peak earlier in the year. So I think where we are today, Steve, is we're back to NGL-cracking being favorable on both sides of the ocean. And so as we come into the summer months, propane and butane should be even more advantaged and more a part of the cracker mix. So we're kind of going back to what I would consider to be more normal (29:33) for U.S. and Europe.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah generally, what drives that is a combination of two things, one is butane price coming down seasonally in the summer, because it comes out of the blend pool in gasoline. And then secondly, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, that we generally see spreads rising through the summer months for gasoline, so an improvement in gasoline spreads and butane coming down relative to crude oil.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: So, Q1, including sort of the lost profit associated with us not producing, the impact was about $250 million in Q1, and we're expecting that to drop down to $40 million to $60 million in Q2, so about a $200 million improvement.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Sure, certainly. Let me start and then I'm sure Thomas will supplement with some comments. First of all, as noted, we have proposed for shareholder approval another 10% program for starting in May. Our AGM will be in the second half of May. And this effectively replaces the current program starting at the time of approval. David, I expect to continue to see share buybacks as part of our capital deployment strategy, given that we expect to generate strong free cash flow going forward. I think what we're doing a little bit more is we're trying to be a little more opportunistic to take advantage of general market volatility. This is not a shift in sort of our view on buybacks, it's really more sort of trying to optimize. So, Thomas, if you'd like to add a little more to that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Don, I think it's still developing in that range. I mean we'll have to see how the year plays out. At Corpus Christi, as I mentioned, we've been ramping up through Q1 and on our way to 100% here of our full capacity. So, I think for now, you should assume that it's largely that same number and we'll update that as the year progresses.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No, that was just mainly a C4 item. Propylene production also can be impacted by how far we're running on (34:29) unit, so that can have an impact. So, it's really about kind of optimization in their system.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. I'm going to start by saying that, Vincent, it's kind of a one-time item and it's just related to when we make catalyst changes. We look at how much precious metals we have on the books versus what we recover. So it's not something that we do every quarter. Dave, I don't know, if you want to add any more to that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah, there's very little competition in between the grades. So if you think of – give you one example – if you think about metallocene linear low density polyethylene, it really doesn't compete with high density polyethylene for pipe or blow molding, so they are – the mainstream markets for these products are quite different and the overlap is very minimal.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No. I think if you – again, what we presented at our Investor Day for M&A was really in the context of thinking through opportunities in cycles. And frankly, given valuations where they are today – and we don't see a whole lot of opportunity – and so, our buyback program, we said, we've gone back to shareholders for another 10% and we expect buybacks to be part of our capital deployment strategy. So, on acquisitions, frankly, there's really nothing compelling that we see at the moment.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: So, 2015 was extremely strong and 2016 was weak, and we think something in between is kind of what we expect here in 2017.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Not too much really, I mean I think we have very long-term off-take agreements on PO and so we're not held back in terms of our production rates because of tight isocyanate markets. We're frankly running our PO assets pretty full today.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I think MTO certainly plays a very big role in methanol prices as well as, we think, kind of the marginal cost of production for ethylene. So, our belief on that hasn't changed.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Good morning, Frank. It's not every quarter. It's once every 18 months or thereabouts. But we have many different units, so I don't think we can give you a guidance on an exact cadence. Thomas, if you want to add anymore to that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. I think for now, our focus, Frank, has been on derivatives, so building out our polyethylene. As you know, we've announced a new polyethylene plant, which we will break ground here in May. And the location of the cracker is not near really our assets, it's in Louisiana, where we don't have any ethylene or polyethylene assets. So beyond value, there were other sort of strategic factors that made it less suitable for us.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Good morning, Kevin. Absolutely. I think that's part of what you're seeing is that it is a very thin market, especially as you go further out in time. Secondly, there's a bit of a lag between market pricing and the announcements being sort of confirmed. So, we've read about more fractionation capacity coming. We understand others are considering more fractionation capacity. So, I think there's a bit of a lag from the time that announcements come out to the time where prices reflect more supply. But clearly, we're seeing more supply from the Permian and from the Eagle Ford, and we expect that that should be ample to supply new crackers going forward.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, we talked about $110 million associated with our co-product processing unit and about $100 million related to the FCC and then the balance was on a sundry of things. But I think those were probably the two big items that we discussed.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. I think that's maybe inventory-related. There's not really a clearer driver for that. I mean we're not producing less, per se. We do have, as I mentioned, the turnaround on our PO/TBA unit in the Netherlands and we started that right at the end of the first quarter. So other than inventory fluctuation, nothing that I could point to Hassan.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think with demand growing at a reasonable pace, not a lot of new capacity globally, we're still in styrene in a very balanced sort of market environment. And I think we'll see these periodic run-ups if there is unplanned outages, or sort of large swings in inventory. But I think it's a market, much like methanol, that's reflecting balanced, or higher operating rates, which are sensitive to unplanned events.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: In terms of inventories at customers, from what we see in terms of rail car turns and things like that, we don't see anything unusual, P.J. I would suspect that inventories are kind of at normal levels. And there is industry data available at the producer level and it points to pretty low inventory. So I would say, if you kind of combine the two together across the PE producer/consumer value chain, likely we're below average in terms of inventories going into a seasonally higher demand period.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think, to a degree, it shows conviction about ethane supply beyond the current set of expansions that are coming. But certainly, as you say, as if I read it correctly, I think the Total cracker is not a world scale, it's an extension of their existing cracker. And then, of course, Exxon/SABIC is a world scale cracker. But the P.J., I think as we look at two or three crackers, it's not as much as eight crackers, which I would consider more to be a wave as opposed to two or three which, if you step back and think on a global context, demand grows at a pace where you need about four to five new crackers every year to meet demand growth. But it doesn't seem to be as large of a wave as maybe what we've seen here recently.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, Jim, in Asia generally, you do see more volatility in the inventory and I think in Asia, what I understand is that they're probably a little bit above average in Asia in terms of inventories. But that gets worked off pretty quickly and again, we're going into, globally, a very seasonally higher demand period in the spring and summer months. So, our view is that export opportunities are there and certainly our production in the U.S. is not limited because of lack of export opportunities.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. I think – first of all – sort of the spike was a confluence of few events, some planned turnarounds, upcoming, I think, there was pretty good size inventory build especially in Asia. There's still, if you look where we are today, we're still above the kind of levels we were even a year ago. So I think the larger part of the correction seems is behind us and you're seeing now cracker peak slates adjust back to NGLs here in the U.S. which would indicate less butadiene output and propylene output.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, yes, so, Ryan compared to Q1, because Q1, the entire quarter didn't include the increases, we were sort of implementing those through the quarter. So, what I was trying to say is that we would see the full impact of the $0.05 and the $0.03 in Q2.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, I think Matthew, first of all, on M&A, it's really about value creation and whether we can kind of apply our strengths to create value. So, I wouldn't limit to either corporate or asset. And so it's really about how we can leverage our platform to create value. More or less, I mean, I think, as I mentioned earlier, today we don't see anything compelling, frankly, just to be clear, valuations are elevated, different products and are different parts of your cycle. And so the whole point of our Investor Day presentation was really to sort of layout a multi-year sort of plan, not a this quarter will we – may or may not do. And as we think about the next couple, three years, most of our conversations with investors, they've been dominated by the expectation of some sort of cycle. So, really all we attempted to do was frame how we might think about finding opportunities in a potential cycle.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. I don't know, it's difficult to say. For us, I think we've clearly stated that we have one more debottleneck we can do at Channelview. We're focused on getting this polyethylene expansion completed by mid-2019, and then we would consider perhaps other polyethylene expansions. So difficult to really, for me, to assess or have a view on other strategies.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Okay? Okay. Good. Well, I think that was our last question. So, let me conclude with a few closing comments. First of all, thanks, as always, for your thoughtful questions. Markets around the globe remain pretty strong and I think given that we've had a few quarters of heavier planned maintenance, we're really well-positioned for the remainder of 2017 to fully capture opportunities and run our global asset base at full rates. Our strategy remains consistent, strong focus on operational excellence, which means running what we own today very well, deploying the strong free cash flow in a disciplined way, and remunerate shareholders through dividends and share repurchases while continuing to build out our organic growth pipeline. We'll also evaluate inorganic growth, as I've discussed, but it's really in the context of finding opportunities in cycles, and we'll have to see kind of how this cycle plays out. But make no mistake that we can – we'll focus on shareholder value creation and thinking about how we can leverage the platform that we have to create more value. So, with that, thank you for your interest in our company and we look forward to updating you with second quarter results in July. That concludes our call. Thanks.
Thomas Aebischer: Thank you, Bob. On slide 6, we outlined our quarterly and trailing 12-month segment results. As Bob mentioned, three of our five business segments improved relative to the fourth quarter 2016 performance. During the quarter, strong ethylene co-product pricing benefited both our Olefins & Polyolefins segments while strong margin for methanol and styrene drove improvements in our Intermediates & Derivatives segment. The refinery experienced low seasonal margins and reduced volumes due to planned maintenance. Please turn to slide 7, which provides a picture of cash generation and use. During the first quarter, excluding changes in working capital, we generated over $1 billion of cash from operations and about half of this amount was returned to investors through dividends and share repurchases. Our investments in maintenance and growth capital expenditure were $421 million during the first quarter, driven by maintenance turnaround, Hyperzone PE, PO/TBA, and Tier 3 gasoline projects. During the first quarter, our cash and liquid investments balance declined by $233 million in part due to a $432 million increase in accounts receivable, driven by higher product prices and volumes. Over the past 12 months, we generated $4.9 billion of cash from operations and used approximately $3.5 billion for dividends and share repurchases. After investments in our capital program and other financial activities, the cash and liquid investment balance declined by approximately $800 million. Slide 8 provides a longer perspective as well as some current financial metrics. Our strong results and cash flow generation over multiple years has positioned us to steadily raise our dividend and purchase our shares. Additionally, it has allowed us to reduce our interest expense and access stable credit markets while maintaining a strong balance sheet and BBB+/Baa1 credit ratings. We finished the quarter with approximately $5 billion of liquidity and a total debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.4x. Our share repurchase program continued during the quarter with another 1.5 million shares purchased. Since the inception of the program, we have repurchased approximately 181 million shares or approximately 31% of the initial shares outstanding. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 20 million shares remaining under the existing authorization. In our proxy statement filed with the SEC in early April, we proposed that our shareholders vote to authorize a new repurchase program of up to 10% of our outstanding shares. During March, we also took advantage of favorable financing conditions and issued $1 billion of 3.5% bonds due in 2027, and used the proceeds and available cash to redeem an equivalent amount of our 5% notes due in 2019. The new bond captures the lowest credit spread for a 10-year bond issuance in the company's history. This exercise allows us to mitigate refinancing risks in 2019 for our largest and nearest maturity bond, while also extending the weighted average maturity of our debt portfolio by one year to approximately 13 years. Through the use of interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives, we converted the 3.5% coupon to initial rate of approximately 1.2%. We incurred cash charges of approximately $65 million related to the bond redemption. Those cash charges in addition to other non-cash charges led to an after-tax accounting charge of approximately $106 million that reduced earnings by $0.26 per share. Before I wrap up, I want to point out a few other items that may help your modeling of our company. Excluding the first quarter bond redemption charges, our expenses for interest, depreciation, amortization and our effective tax rate are all currently running in line with our previous annual estimates. With that, thank you very much for your attention. I will turn the call back to Bob. Thank you.
Thomas Aebischer: Good morning. So if I can add, we absolutely continue to believe that repurchasing our shares offers strong value and low risk. As we compare buybacks to organic growth projects and risk-adjusted M&A, share buybacks will continue to have a role in our portfolio of capital deployment options. And we don't comment on the details of our trading plans, the 10b5-1 pre-established plan will obviously be subject to the uncertainties of the market volatility with trading volumes at rates that could exceed or fall short of the predicted outcome. But I think the message here is what Bob has said, we go for another approval for an additional 10% and we still believe that the share buybacks offer a good option and good value.
Thomas Aebischer: Right. So, as Bob has said, we have many different units, we are talking mainly about gold and silver, both a significant charge. And I would like to reiterate, this is a non-cash charge, the significant non-cash charge we had in the first quarter is related to silver, so it's connected to our EO business. And having said this, expect so. Let me maybe make that very clear how it works. We bought that silver three years ago, so we bought it at market value three years ago and now we replace the silver, we virtually borrowed silver during the maintenance part of the catalyst and so have to readjust the book values, purely non-cash. The next one in the silver area is expected in the next two to three years, so nothing immediate.
