Bhavesh Patel: Thank you, Dave. Good day to all of you. We appreciate you joining us today as we discuss our second quarter results. Before we begin with the business discussion, I would like to acknowledge the sadness we are feeling throughout the LyondellBasell family after our tragic incident this week at our LaPorte facility, which resulted in the death of two contractors and injuries to several additional contractors and employees. Every day, we work diligently to ensure that the colleagues, the friends and most importantly, the families of our employees and contractors never have to receive the calls that went out last Tuesday evening, notifying them of the loss or injury of a loved one. Our investigation is underway and it will be sometime before we reach a conclusive determination regarding the cause of the incident. Our sincere condolences go out to the families of the two men lost in the incident and we pray for a fast and full recovery for all of the injured.
Bhavesh Patel: Thank you, Michael. Let me summarize our view of current conditions and the outlook for our businesses with Slide 17. In the near to midterm, we are still in the early stages of the global economic recovery and despite the challenges from variance continued progress with vaccinations and reopening should continue to support robust demand and margins for our products. Pent up demand is tangible and consumers have ample liquidity to drive purchases of both services and manufactured goods as reopening proceeds globally. Low inventories due to supply constraints and logistics disruptions will only serve to extend tight market conditions. Downstream customer backlogs and persistent demand bode well for continued strength in LyondellBasell's order books. In polyethylene, strong US and Latin American demand has overtaken volumes that previously flowed from the US to export markets in Asia. As logistics constraints subside and US PV exports to Asia resume, producers will need to refill a depleted supply chain of 500,000 tons or more that is not fully captured in industry statistics. In North America, we expect markets for PV and PP will remain tight into next year. Higher vaccination rates are expected to improve global mobility over the coming year. The return of international travel will drive further recovery and transportation fuel's markets to increase profitability for our Oxyfuels and refining businesses providing additional earnings upside for LyondellBasell. Let me close with Slide 18. Our second quarter results provide clear evidence of LyondellBasell's progress and maximizing cash flow performance through all stages of the business cycle. We are leveraging our leading and advantage positions across a larger asset base to deliver results that far exceed our previous benchmarks. In today's strong markets, our second quarter EBITDA results are 38% higher than our previous record. By 2023, we expect that our recent growth investments will provide an additional $1.5 billion of mid cycle EBITDA earnings capability relative to 2017. Our value-driven growth investments should propel stronger performance in a variety of business environments. Our prudent financial strategy remains consistent. We have increased our quarterly dividend and remain confident in our capability to deliver on this commitment throughout business cycles. We are prioritizing de-leveraging and our rapid progress on debt repayment will serve to further strengthen our investment grade balance sheet. Capacity expansions are coming online in our industry during a period of extraordinary demand growth and enabling an orderly absorption of this new capacity into the market. Further investments in petrochemicals are proceeding at a manageable rate and recent project cancellations and delays demonstrate capital discipline by market participants. At LyondellBasell, we're focused on providing leadership for our industry to establish a more sustainable feature with new circular business models. We will increase our capacity to serve the growing market demand for circulum branded polymers produced from recycled and renewable feed stocks as we work toward our goal of annually producing two million tons of these products by 2030. LyondellBasell is capturing the strength of a rebounding economy. We aim to extend our track record of robust returns from our growing global business portfolio and look forward to updating you on our progress over the coming quarters. We're now pleased to take your questions.
Bhavesh Patel: All right, good morning, Jeff. Thank you for that question. On inventory, we are starting to restore inventories back to more normal levels. They're better than they were or higher than they were back in Q1, but still not above historic levels and we continue to be hand to mouth on several grades, both in the US and in Europe. They are improving. One other comment about an inventory is that in the U.S in particular, we're not positioned to do a lot of exports. That will require another level of inventory, which we don't have today. So if the inventory situation is improving, not back to historic levels on July contract discussions are still ongoing. Markets are very firm tight. We still have hurricane season in front of us. We have a heavy maintenance schedule in the industry in Q3 and early Q4 in the US. So contract discussions are ongoing and there are more announcements out there for August.
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. Steve, good morning. First of all, inventory at customers, it's difficult for us to have exact numbers on that, but I can tell you that when we've had some intermittent unplanned outages recently, we they seem to not have much inventory because before if they're too late, they're very concerned. So anecdotally, I would say there's not much inventory downstream, especially because there's this anticipation of pricing leveling off as well and we've been talking about that for months now and prices continue to rise because of the persistent demand strength. So, all of that says to me customers are not holding an extraordinary amount of inventory when we're late they call us right away. Secondly, your question about imports, historically, and even today imports because of long lead times and generally only the more generic grades are available for import. The imports tend to be limited. Furthermore if you think about today, transportation costs, shipping costs and container costs from Asia to the US basically wipe out the entire arbitrage that exists today in polyethylene price. For example, shipping cost, including container cost is three to four X, what it used to be pre pandemic. So all of that limits the amount of imports that really come in and the customer's ability to import product.
Bhavesh Patel: Excellent. Thank you for that question, PJ. There's a lot there. First of all, you're actually right. There's this debate of where we are in the cycle and whether we're at elevated levels or not. I think there's a couple of points to be made. One is that what's lost in this debate is that LyondellBasell's mid cycle earnings have stepped up. Through the cycle earnings power is up by a $1 billion to $1.1 billion so far in 2021 compared to 2017. And when we have a full year of PO/TBA production in ‘23, that'll add another $400 million to $500 million of it's EBITDA to our earnings power. I think that's very important in terms of through the cycle cash generation ability to pay dividend, fund buybacks in the future all of that. We must not forget that while we continue to debate, are we at peak or not? Secondly, in terms of capital allocation, our first priority is to continue to pay down debt. And Michael talked about that in the prepared remarks about our targets of up to $4 billion of debt reduction this year. We think that's very achievable. We'll continue to update everyone on that. Once we're to that point where we've taken out $4 billion of debt, then I think the whole range of sort of alternatives come into play, continue to strengthen the dividend, think about buybacks, look for deep value, M&A. I think we've demonstrated that that's our focus and stay within the lanes where we swim today. So we'll continue to look for that. In terms of green projects, we're still studying where we can get the most bang for the buck, if you will and I suspect that our CapEx will reflect some of those green investments later in the decade, probably 2025 onwards and I would suspect that will be for a total in the second half of 2021, somewhere in $2 billion to $3 billion range in terms of CapEx in the second half of the decade, not annually, but total for the second half of the decade.
Bhavesh Patel: Yeah. Great question, Bob. So first of all, historically, even pre-pandemic freight rates coming from Asia to the US were always higher than flag rates going out of US to Asia because of the backhaul sort of concept on product going out. Typically we would pay about $40 per ton excluding packaging, just freight to get polyethylene for example, from the Gulf Coast to the Asia. Today, that's probably double. It's not really limited in terms of exports. Frankly, we just don't have enough production today to be able to export spot volume to Asia. We are doing some exports that are more contract oriented down to Latin America. We have some contract commitments, even in Asia that we continue to fulfil, but we're not quite back in that mode. Certainly as a company, we're not a where we're looking for spot volume going to Asia. And I think as, as the year progresses and some of these bottlenecks around shipping relieve themselves, I don't see that as being a challenge and over time as that happens, I think the price in China should start to come up as their ability to export finished goods improves. And I think the world will kind of equilibrate with China prices coming up as these shipping constraints relieve themselves.
Bhavesh Patel: Yeah. Good morning, Mike. So first of all, with all due respect to all of the prognosticators they've underestimated demand consistently over the last year and my comment about demand being stronger for longer, and I think that's really played out. And we've been talking about that since the last earnings call. I think that'll continue. If you think about it, we still have global reopening in front of us. So many durable goods that are on back order automobiles, appliances furniture I could go on and on many value chains are still very low on inventory, down through finished goods. So that needs to get rebuilt. And then for us as a company will benefit as mobility increases. So, when you think about all those factors, it's hard to imagine that demand would weaken in the second half of the year. Now we do have some other forces at play. We have feed stocks with coming up with it, with natural gas in the US coming up. Frac spreads haven't really opened up, but feedstocks are coming up but my sense is in this kind of market environment, there's some ability to pass some of that through. As a company, we have some planned and unplanned outages here in Q3? So, we don't guide on earnings, but if I think about Q3 versus Q2, we should have another very strong quarter in Q3. Remains to be seen if we can get to a record level like we did in Q2, but certainly very strong and well above prior records, that's how yoU.Should think about Q3 and in Q4, we'll have some seasonality, but still from a historic perspective, Q4 will be well above historic Q4 levels. So, hope that helps you in thinking through second half earnings for us.
Bhavesh Patel: All right, thanks, Kevin. So I see continued strength and I think as durables strengthen and especially auto because, that is one of the larger end uses for polypropylene. For us inventories are still low and they're actually tighter on polypropylene than they are on polyethylene. We're kind of hand to mouth and we've had the lightning strike at Lake Charles, which set us back about a week or a week or two and so we're very tight on polypropylene and for the most part, we're managing to contract minimums with our customers. As some of these bottlenecks relieve themselves for auto production, that's just going to make the market tighter and then appliances, those are big draws on polypropylene. So, my outlook is that polypropylene is going to be tight through the rest of the year and by the way, the other benefit that we're waiting to see is in APS segment with the auto sector being sluggish because of the chip shortage. We're not seeing the full earnings power of APS just yet and that's a very significant part of the APS segment our service of the automotive market. So I think polypropylene is going to be very strong. I think propylene is going to be a persistently high for the foreseeable future.
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. Frank, and thank you for your words of support. On the August order book comment, I think it's just an indication of us having more volume to sell. We've been constrained all year and, and as we try to inch our inventory back to more normal levels, we can with confidence take on more orders. We're still constrained. So we're not selling polyethylene unconstrained across the system, but there are some grades now where we have enough availability that if a customer wants product, we're able to do it, but it's really great by grades. In some areas we're still a contract minimums. And so, bottom line is Q3 US polyolefin's sales should be higher than Q2 as we produce more and sell more and I hope that that trend continues.
Bhavesh Patel: So on this propylene oxide demand is extremely strong. Margins are very, very strong there. We could sell more if we had it frankly. I expect that to continue again, coming back to my earlier comments about furniture shortages that play right into PO also automotive because the seat cushions and all that come from euro . So we see a really good runway for propylene oxide going into the second half of the year and into even next year. Frankly, if the rate command is growing when our plant starts up, we have a decent chance at absorbing a good bit of it right away. And I think it will come on when it's needed. Likewise, an asset  continued strength from housing, yoU.See the paint market being very strong because of home improvement and people buying houses and refurbishing them and so on. So I don't see a letup on either of those. Adding to that Arun, our Oxyfuels business has recovered nicely as we see more mobility around the world and still Europe is in largely in lockdown and I think the best profitability in Oxyfuels is still in front of us and I think that'll help offset any moderation in the O&P area as we see the fuels improving and in Q3, Q4 and into next year.
Bhavesh Patel: Sure. Vince. It's coming along very well. We're about to commission a semi works plant here in September. And that'll be the next stage of development of that technology, where we continue to be very encouraged by the results we've seen at the bench scale. And we'll know within a couple of months what the bottlenecks are in that technology and my hope is that later in '22 and into '23, we're prepared to make an investment decision on a medium scale molecular recycling plant, which could be in production in '25 plus or minus.
Bhavesh Patel: Well, one thing that we didn't experience in the past was a complete shutdown of global economy and that caused more volatility in I&D because of the Oxy fuels. Typically it's been very stable. I think today with the assets we have, yoU.Should still think about I&D as a $1.5 billion plus or minus 15%. And then as we add to PO TBA project, we should be able to be consistently above $2 billion in I&D with upside when markets are strong, like they are today and that's how yoU.Should think about earnings power. $1.5, maybe, plus to $1.7 in that range plus or minus and then after the PO TBA project mid cycle consistently above $2 billion and in periods like this well, well above,
Bhavesh Patel: Thanks David. So on the refinery, I think we need a reset and rens frankly that would help a lot to get to breakeven. And as mobility increases, I think we have a good shot of Q4 being in the black. It really depends on how this variant plays out there. As you think about our company that most parts of the company have shown very good resilience through the pandemic. In fact, strengths in areas like packaging the refinery has been challenged not only from a demand standpoint, but the light heavy differential narrowing. I think we can get too close to break even here in Q3. We need a rens reset and in Q4, certainly we should be in the black.
Bhavesh Patel: Well, there's a lot there, and I'll probably ask you to follow up with Dave afterwards on some of the details. But let me just talk about a couple of the JVs. So first of all, our Saudi JVs remembered that the cracker is an ethane cracker and that's a big driver and as oil price rises and as prices go up globally on polyethylene that JV tends to do very well. That's a big contributor to the increase in earnings from the existing JVs and then the Sasol JV has done extremely well with the merchant ethylene that we sell from that JB and the ethane to polyethylene cash margins being where they are today. Between operating cash flow and the expected tax refund on that investment, we expect to recover our get back up half of our investment in 2021. So that's been a big driver and then incrementally all the other JVs has contributed to the improvement, but I would say the Saudi JVs and the Sasol JV were probably the largest contributor in the increase and the Sasol JV being brand new that was not in our P&L for most of last year.
Bhavesh Patel: So Jaideep, first of all on volume constraints in Q2, remember we still had some pleas impacts early in Q2 here in the US and then, we've had some unplanned downtime in the polymers. But sequentially, we were able to build a bit of inventory and believe we, we had pretty good production. So I think the headline there's a lot underneath the details in which product lines were higher or lower. My sense is that the fuels part of the business was still a bit weak in Q2, but the polymers and the PO was very strong in production in Q2. And certainly up compared to Q1 going forward, you asked about which product lines have the most potential for spread and volume improvement indefinitely it's in fuels. I do think there's incremental potential in spread improvement and in, in the polymers area globally, but where I think we have the greatest opportunity for a step up in volume and, and spread is in Oxyfuels and in gasoline and distillate here in the U.S and then we hope that will be very meaningful as we work through Q3 and certainly into Q4.
Bhavesh Patel: Sure.Thank you, Matthew. And I appreciate your words of support. Yeah, I mean, that's I have these conversations with investors often and that this is going to build momentum over the decade. First of all, we called that our goal is to have about -- about 2 million tons of recycled or renewable based plastics by the end of the decade, by, by 2030, we think that'll probably represent about 15% of our production. I mean, think about our work on MarTech, as well, as on circularity on QCP mechanical recycling and the circulum brand in particular, that's all part of our polyolefin franchise and given our, our capabilities in research and development application development we're leading in this area in circularity and we'll continue to it's just part of the polyolefin businesses, how I was thinking about it. Not, not some separate significant step up in earnings, but it's part of making the polyolefin business work. Long-Term
Bhavesh Patel: All right. Thank you, Alex. In Q2 2021, LyondellBasell has demonstrated its turbocharged earnings power in a very strong market environment and a larger company going forward. We expect demand to remain strong is as mentioned throughout this call with reopening still ahead of us in many parts of the world backlogs and many product areas that has to be relieved, inventory restocking and increase mobility. We had lined Elvis LR really well positioned to significantly strengthen our investment grade balance sheet, pay down debt and to capitalize on a stronger for longer market environment. The main points that I hope investors got out of the call today is that we've whether where we can debate about where we are in the cycle. LyondellBasell have increased our earnings power through the cycle by more than $1 billion to date compared to 2017. And after our PO/TBA project is online, we'll add another $500 million of EBITDA in earnings power. All of that should provide for very robust cash flow, which will deploy in a very disciplined way to the benefit of our shareholders. Thank you for your interest and hope you all have a great weekend.
