Karyn F. Ovelmen: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to Slide #8, which charts our fourth quarter and full year segment EBITDA. As Jim said, our results have been strong and steady. The fourth quarter generally reflected the trends and conditions that prevailed throughout 2013. In the interest of time, I won't repeat the key drivers but rather will use a few minutes to discuss some of the unique items that impacted results. Seasonality generally plays a role in our fourth quarter results. This year was no exception and versus the third quarter, we estimate the seasonality impact in the range of $100 million, with the primary influences being in oxyfuels and polyolefins. Our O&P-EAI segment was positively impacted by a $25 million insurance settlement related to the 2012 Wesseling polymer reactor explosion. In I&D, we decided to exit our Japanese PO joint venture. The accounting related to the exit negatively impacted segment EBITDA by $26 million. In addition to the EBITDA impacts, our net income benefited from the tax impact related to the release of valuation allowances, primarily associated with our French tax losses. The release of approximately $350 million of valuation allowances represents the bulk of the net income improvement. Together, these items reduced the full year effective tax rate to 23%. Slides 9 and 10 provide a picture of our cash generation and use. During 2013, we generated $4.8 billion of cash from operations while utilizing $3.1 billion to pay dividends and repurchase shares. We also took advantage of favorable interest rates and borrowed $1.5 billion at an average coupon rate of 4.6%. On Slide 10, we plotted a few key aspects of our cash story. Cost management is a strong theme within LyondellBasell, with the goal of maintaining cost in local currency flat to down. Over a 5-year period, our actions offset an estimated $215 million of inflation. Since 2008, our headcount was reduced from 17,000 to approximately 13,300. In the upper right of the page, you can see our capital spending history. During 2013, we increased our capital spending to $1.6 billion, with roughly 50% of the spending in our growth program. We anticipate similar cash fixed cost and capital spending during 2014. On the bottom of the page, we have given you a profile of the annual free cash flow and the cumulative uses of the cash during the past 3 years. Of the more than $12.5 billion of after-tax cash flow, approximately 2/3 went to dividends and share repurchases, with 1/3 reinvested in assets. Since this is the beginning of a New Year, I expect that some of you may have 2014 modeling questions. Regarding capital. We are planning to spend approximately $1.6 billion during 2014. Approximately half of this is targeted toward our growth program. We currently expect cash interest expense to be approximately $325 million based on $5.8 billion of total debt at an average interest rate of approximately 5.6%. Additionally, there should be an estimated $5 million per quarter of noncash amortization. Annual book depreciation and amortization should be slightly higher than the $1 billion incurred during 2013. We plan to make regular pension contributions that total approximately $185 million and estimate an expense of approximately $40 million. We currently expect a 2014 effective tax rate of approximately 29%. Cash tax rate is expected to be approximately the same. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased 8.5 million shares, bringing the total number of shares repurchased in 2013 to over 27 million. We did not recommence share repurchases in December 2013. Our prior practice has been to repurchase shares under a 10b5-1 plan. We tend to be pretty conservative in entering into such plans and did not do so in December. Currently, we do not believe that we are constrained in repurchasing shares and we intend to commence repurchasing shares when permissible after this earnings release. As you may recall, we are authorized to purchase up to 10% of our shares before the end of May 2014 and we have ample cash to effectively execute on that authorization. Of course, various facts, circumstances and marketing conditions can influence our execution. However, we continue to remain committed to returning cash to shareholders in the most efficient manner, including via share buybacks. There has been no change to our capital deployment approach or our financial policies in this regard. With that, I'll turn things back to Jim for a further discussion of our business results.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: We've had a pretty successful launch of the investment grade space with the bonds that we did in 2013 and we'll continue to look at our balance sheet. We do have some flexibility in our balance sheet and we'll continue to work with our board as we go forward. In terms of the cash position, there's -- if you look at our buyback program, coupled with our dividends and our CapEx, there is a use of that cash here in the near term. So we'll continue to aggressively pursue those returns to shareholders. And again, we'll continue to look at our balance sheet and evolve that as we go forward.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Yes. So we had some restrictions as it related to buybacks, which were really -- [indiscernible] we have the authorization now to do the 10% in terms of the buybacks over that 18-month period. As you know, we've executed on that. So we're currently focused on really trying to make the most efficient use of that regular dividend. We've continued to grow that over a few years, started with $0.10 back in May of 2011, today, it's at $0.60 with that most recent 20% increase. So a focus on the regular dividend and coupling that with the buyback right now. So that's where the focus is. That's not to say that special dividends aren't an option, but those -- the ones that we did over the last few years were really indicative of the fact that we couldn't exercise on buybacks in an efficient way.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Yes. So the ending share count, it's 549 million shares. But yes, we had the authorization to complete the share back and approval by our board to complete it within 12 months, which would be the May timeframe. Obviously, that's going to be contingent upon other market conditions, that type of thing. But we do expect to execute on that through the end of May.
James L. Gallogly: Well, at this point in time, that's a very nice result. As you say, it's about a 7% increase. I think we can sustain that going forward. Having said that, as you know, we're going to be doing some furnace work at Channelview with a couple of new furnaces that allowed to more ethane capability there a little later in the period. We'll have the 2 new furnaces at La Porte very soon. And then, at Corpus, we're expecting to do even more, redoing coils in our furnaces there and overall, longer-term, that number is going to continue to increase.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. In the Midwest, we had some snowdrifts at Morris that kept the trains from moving, slowed us down a little bit. If we can't move across the tracks, it's hard to move polyethylene. So that slowed us down a bit. We had a bobble at Clinton as a result of a power outage, back up and running at full rates. And at La Porte, we had a very, very slight bobble. Yes, we've had some weather impacts, but fairly modest at this point in time.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. Well, we have a very nice portfolio of projects that you saw in the slide, every 6 months something new coming on. That's equivalent to about a new cracker. Methanol is on, butadiene is on. We're working on our China TBA plant. In that period of time, we haven't announced new things, but we've continued to work on those. We'll announce those in later days as we develop those projects further. In the meantime, obviously, we have a very, very nice growth portfolio and I think we're executing well.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. I think you'll see in the summer more of that crude coming down. We've taken positions on some pipelines to increase our capacity. We expect that to really help the refinery more from the middle of the year forward.
James L. Gallogly: I think you just answered the question perfectly. It's an upside down market there. As a result of some crop drying, propane had a big demand pull, then we have the extremely cold weather. We have some plants down, some pipeline issues in the area. And as a result, EP mix has kind of been negative and people went the propane back. So it's been very favorable to our operations in the Midwest. I think that's a weather-related phenomenon more than anything else, and that should dissipate. You can already see signs of things coming back in over the last few days and I think it's a short-term phenomena. As we said in our prepared remarks, we pay more for propane in a sense, less for ethane. It should have very modest impact on the results overall. Of course, that's Conway and down in Bellevue, it's a little bit different. Prices [ph] have gone up as we mentioned as well.
James L. Gallogly: I think I'd say that it's kind of a mixed bag. Obviously, for the first time in a long time, we've had some nice styrene margins, which have helped. Propylene oxide is strengthening at the moment, that's been strong. Obviously, we operate 2 technologies, PO/SM, the PO/SM units, and PO/TBA. The PO/TBA were heavily favored units earlier in the year and now with the styrene margin coming up, we're moving additional volumes. We see that one of our competitors seems to be backing down some volumes and as a result, some of our customers are coming asking for more. So that's been a positive. Butanediol has been down quite a bit. We've got methanol online now, that's starting to contribute a little bit. And so EO/EG margins have been good. Overall, it's just a combination of a variety of things. That's a steady business, we've run it well and I think it contributes to our earnings in a nice fashion.
James L. Gallogly: Well, we know that a competitor or 2 is already talking about moving some ethane out of the United States into European operations. I still personally think that's going to be a very limited quantity. When you look at the economics of doing that, the question is, is it good for the short-term or the long-term? And if you're a producer, and I used to be one of those, you don't like to sign up with those kind of contracts for a really, really long period of time. So I still think there'll be a bit of a development there, but I think it'll be a small story personally.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. Basically what happens is it hurts us a bit in the fourth quarter and then some of that will come back to us more in the second quarter than in the first quarter, recognizing that we've got -- have an 80-day turnaround in front of us. So it's not so much a first quarter, but it's more of a second quarter impact as we sell that inventory back in.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. Well, butadiene's helped us some. Obviously, the butadiene spread has been less than people expected this year compared to the prior year. I mean, in the past couple of years, butadiene carried the spread in European cracking, it's not doing that today. Having said that, we set minimum contract prices to ensure a nice return on our project. And so we're exercising those minimum prices and we've had a nice contribution. But I'll tell you that Bob and his team have done a very, very nice job of simply running reasonably well and then pushing value constantly, reducing cost and just trying to improve that spread. So, Don, I'll tell you, it's just a lot of hard work to make that kind of money in the European environment and I think if you benchmark us, you'll see us to be kind of the leading return player in that space and we intend to keep working our cost and keep working our efficiencies and we're a European committed player and we're going to make some money there.
James L. Gallogly: I haven't seen any refineries being sold for significant prices in the last days. And our goal continues to be, let's make that asset perform better. While the fourth quarter earnings were significantly improved, we always look at what could it have been. And frankly, I'm a bit disappointed. We had an operational issue out of our cokers. I mentioned that, I mentioned the impact of that. We could have done better and we'll see a little bit of that here in the next couple of months. Spreads are improving. I think the Refining segment could be a bit of a surprise for people compared to -- well, definitely better than what it was last year, but we're going to keep working that extremely hard. I think one of the stories that's missed is we've also taken out a lot of capital and a lot of cost in that refinery. It's a different unit than it used to be. But again, we've got to operate a little bit better, and when the spreads are there, we've got to run impeccably and we didn't do that in the fourth quarter. And so I'm a bit disappointed in the result.
James L. Gallogly: We always work the cargoes, but I'll say that in 2011, we had an incredible trading year. I would say that in 2013, it was about average. I don't think there's a big story there. We've worked our operational efficiencies, our costs. We had a turnaround in the first quarter. We're able to take some lighter crudes in because we reconfigured our crude unit on the cut points. But I think it's just in the early part of the year between RINs and co-products being incredibly -- RINs being high and co-products being incredibly depressed. We just were struggling to have any kind of margin. RINs are down now in the fourth quarter, there's been a little bit of benefit in co-products and I think the environment is improving and our job is go capture more of it in 2014.
James L. Gallogly: Well, there were some instances where our competitors had some significant issues in 2013, particularly in the high density side. Margins expanded pretty nicely there. I'd tell you, in December, the U.S. volumes were a little light, in my view. But we've seen nice demand pull again in January. The market seems to be coming back and we're pressing for price increases. So our job is go capture value in not only the olefin side, but also polyethylene and polypropylene side.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. We had historically said at previous year's volumes, kind of last 12 months volumes, we're quoting a number on $200 million of EBITDA a year. Margins have expanded since then. We'll just see where they end up. But we've got to run it hard and we've been through a few little teething things, but the unit seems to be very capable and we'll see if we don't have a debottleneck or 2 once we get it fully lined out.
James L. Gallogly: I think it's fair to say that every time we have a board meeting, Karyn, I and the Supervisory Board will discuss what is the optimum plan for the coming period. Share repurchase is around the table, special dividend is around the table and obviously, you've seen us expand our regular dividend very, very rapidly.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. I think -- obviously, we had mentioned before that there are certain competitors that had outages that helped. But there is a good steady demand. We exported fairly small quantities most of the year, with a slight increase in December. With that demand, we moved price as an industry. And as a result of that, you saw a nice expansion in polyethylene. I think in previous years, you saw less value than you would -- should have expected in polyethylene. And I think going forward, it still seems fairly snug and we have the ability to export if that's a better option. So we continue to push value.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. Well, there's a few things that drive that. Obviously, 2012 was a banner year. Butane had just a very, very advantaged position for part of the year and there was an extreme demand pull. Gasoline got longer in '13. We had less butane opportunity. But still, it's a great business. Octane becomes more and more valuable as cars have to have higher and higher mileage. I think we'll just watch and see how butane responds. But remember, we're both in the U.S. and in Europe in production of oxyfuels. So far so good. We'll watch and see what happens, but 2012 was an unusually strong year. '13 was more representative of what's normal, I think.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. What we said was during the summer months, we ran about 40% of advantaged feedstocks. What happened is, particularly in France, we're right on the Med [ph]. We were able to bring in some propane, a little bit of butane, this and that. Historically, we had only run kind of naphtha plus in our crackers there, in part because we had a refinery that we operated and we were using that as a feed prep unit. We don't have that issue. We closed that refinery down. We've got a lot more optionality. We'll chase those advantaged feedstocks and, frankly, there were opportunities in the summer that were very strong and we took advantage of them. One of the other things that will start to happen more in 2014, we renegotiated a very, very significant naphtha contract here toward the end of 2013. It kind of handcuffed us in a few of our other facilities where we had contracted from a very long-term historic basis. In the Basell heritage, you remember how that company was formed, we bought naphtha from some of the parent companies of the old days and we were kind of locked in. We build a lot more flexibility in going forward and we'll see what we can do in 2014. We've got more flexibility and if the markets open up, you'll see us try to do more of that, improve our position.
James L. Gallogly: Well, with propane prices going up, we cracked less propane. We've been bringing in a lot of condensate as well and there's been a nice price differential in South Texas condensate. So we can kind of sub in and out on propane and condensates. A lot of that's related to Corpus Christi and Channelview. But overall, the whole feedstock slate has an advantage of some sort, whether it's -- it's primarily ethane today, somewhat propane, although at this moment, propane is a little higher. And then the condensates make up the rest of the mix. And so I'd say 100% kind of advantaged, propane being a little bit less so at this moment.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. We basically run an EP mix. But when we say that we want a very, very lean EP mix, and that's generally what we get with limited amount of propane in it, that just seems to work better in our crackers the way we're configured and that's been the advantage that we've had in that region. There's a couple of different pipelines working that area and we've taken advantage of that. There's been some downtime, but we've had no feedstock issues lately. Sometimes, we have to buy out some of the ethane, but I think the comment I made in the prepared remarks about all of this kind of being somewhat neutral to us is probably the best way to think about it. Propane has gone up, but we get some benefit on the ethane side. So overall, it's pretty balanced.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, I think there's upside potential there. Our SEPC joint venture in Saudi Arabia has had nice returns for quite a while, but there's an opportunity for operational efficiency there. We did run better at our Al-Waha facility in 2013 than '12. But even there, there's plenty of room for improved operations. We don't physically run those plants, but one of our goals is to go in and work with our partners in a more efficient way and get those -- get the reliability up. We have nice feedstock margins there and a decent percentage ownership. Our goal is to make those things contribute more to our profitability going forward. And of course, Thailand has got an advantaged feedstock position, ran reasonably well last year, but in a tough market. So we're going to continue to push JV income. I think there's upside there.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. It really gets down to, are people building new plants? There's 2 pieces. In the Technology side, we've got the process side and then the catalyst business. On the process side, we've been the industry leader in polypropylene for quite a while between Spherizone and Spheripol, truly the industry benchmarks. And if somebody's building a propylene plant, they will call us and many -- in fact, I would just say, at most instances, we get selected, because we really have a beautiful technology with nice products. And so we get selected very, very regularly there. We're expanding our polyethylene portfolio. We're working on a new technology there. We've always been one of the industry leaders in tubular, high-pressure tubular, and there's just one other competitor that goes toe to toe with us there and I think we win the majority of those contests. We're looking at a low pressure new technology that, I think, we may build 0 number 001 in the United States. We've talked about that briefly. That may show up in the United States and that should really help us in our licensing effort going forward. The catalyst side is primarily polypropylene catalysts. We have very large long-term highly supported customers and it's good margin business and we keep them happy and continue to make sure that they have industry-leading products. So it's just a nice segment for us, good earnings and something that we drive through Technology enhancement, primarily out of our Italy operation, Frankfurt operation and then a little bit out of our U.S. operations, Cincinnati.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. There's -- we do not have a hydrocracker at that operation and what we do today is we contract the stream that normally would go there to a third party and we share in the value of that. It always gets the question of what's the return on the hydrocracker and that capital versus other opportunities we have. And so far, other opportunities have been so strong that we haven't chosen to do that. It remains an option for us to put more capital in, to complete the kit. But as I tell everybody, let's run the kit we have perfectly and then you can come talk to me about growing it. But until then, I'm kind of not too interested in hearing about it.
James L. Gallogly: Well, it's above the cost of capital, but we're putting our capital primarily in U.S. olefins and higher growth projects, and those returns are stunning. The other thing we like to do is return excess cash to our shareholders in share repurchases and -- whether it's special dividends, regular dividends. So we're, we think, very shareholder friendly in that regard. So we're just not looking to go spend money on capital opportunities that exist. We're very, very disciplined. Let me change the format for just a second and ask you all a question. We've been a company since May of 2010 when we entered New York Stock Exchange, and now an S&P 500 company. Did anybody on this call expect LyondellBasell to be where we are today? Obviously, we're tops in safety, tops in reliability, outstanding cost position, held our cost flat coming out of bankruptcy with $1 billion taken out, held that flat now for multiple years. Great growth profile, strong investment-grade balance sheet, strong shareholder return. I'm pretty sure that nobody on this call expected that. And the second thing I'd like to say is having had that performance during that period of time, recognizing the fabric of what this company is, did any of you expect this company to let up one bit going forward? I said in day 1 when I came in 2009, we're going to make this the best petrochemical company in the world. We're well on our way. Some may say we're getting so close to that, it's just a step or 2 away. But having said that, we're not satisfied and we've had great results over that period of time, but there's a lot more to come in this company and we're energized to make that happen in 2014 forward. Thank you for your interest in the company. Thanks for your support.
