Kenneth Lane: Thank you, Michael. As I mentioned earlier, last week, we announced our decision to exit the crude oil refining business no later than the end of 2023. While these decisions are never easy, operation of the refinery beyond next year would require significant capital investment. After thoroughly analyzing our options, we determined that exiting the business was the best path forward.  Our intention is to safely operate the refinery at full range through the end of next year to meet strong market demand for transportation fuels. During that time, we will continue to consider potential transactions and alternatives for the site. As mentioned earlier, by exiting refining, LyondellBasell will make substantial progress in reducing the company's greenhouse gas emissions.  In addition, the refinery is located on 700 acres in the center of one of the world's leading integrated petrochemical hubs. The site's unique location provides LyondellBasell with valuable options for future growth, including further development of our circular businesses. We recognize that this decision affects our employees, their families and the community. Our employees and contractors at the refinery have delivered outstanding performance in safety, reliability, cost improvement and profitability over the past several years. We sincerely thank them for their contributions, and we are committed to supporting our people through this transition.  Now let me summarize the first quarter and our outlook with Slide 19. With all of the turbulence in the global economy, LyondellBasell's first quarter results illustrate the benefits of our global business portfolio and how demand for our products is highly resilient. While Asia is suffering from weak markets and historically low margins, demand in Europe and the Americas remains remarkably strong and consistent. Improving margins in our Intermediates and Derivatives segment offset first quarter margin compression in our O&P-Americas business. We expect PE chain margins to improve with higher seasonal demand supporting polymer price increases. Also, increased demand for transportation fuels is driving a recovery from pandemic-related weakness in our oxyfuels and Refining businesses. As a result, we expect cash generation will remain strong at LyondellBasell.  Just like our earnings, we are stepping up in our progress on sustainability. Today, we talked about a few of our collaborations with customers to develop circular and renewable products for meaningful applications. We are exiting refining and entering into agreements for the supply of renewable power that will drive significant progress on our path toward decarbonization. And we are raising our targets and expanding on our disclosures in our latest sustainability report.  We remain committed to prudent capital allocation. With robust cash generation, we plan to continue rewarding shareholders through a growing dividend and share repurchases. We are consistent in our commitment to an investment-grade balance sheet and remain highly disciplined in our consideration of organic and inorganic growth investments.  The coming months are exciting times for LyondellBasell. Our businesses are generating resilient results despite volatile economic conditions. We are laying the groundwork for new, more sustainable business models that are likely to reshape value chains across our industry. And later this year, we will be starting up our new propylene oxide and oxyfuel assets during a period of robust margins and strong market demand.  Finally, on May 23, I look forward to welcoming our next CEO, Peter Vanacker, to lead LyondellBasell. I hope you share my enthusiasm about the future of our company under his leadership.  We're now pleased to take your questions.
Kenneth Lane: Thank you for your question. We are -- as we've said during the remarks, we are still very bullish on the demand outlook, especially in the Americas. So we see demand being very strong. We had a record sales month in the month of March for polyethylene in the Americas. And we see April actually looking to improve on that. So we're -- our outlook is that we'll continue to see operating rates, effective rates probably in the 90% or higher range. So that's going to be very supportive for the price increases that are in the market today.
Kenneth Lane: Jeff, thank you for your question. I hope you're doing well. Yes. So China, definitely, we've been seeing headwinds there. A lot of that related still to the COVID lockdowns. As you can imagine, the demand profile in China is quite challenging today with the amount of lockdowns that we see. Also, that's going to have an impact on some of the supply chain situation that we've seen.  So prices today have basically been moving pretty much with feedstock in China. And when you look across the industry there, you do see all of the crackers, all the operators of crackers, they are cutting back on rates. So even for us at the Bora joint venture, we've reduced rates, and we've got a first quartile asset. So we do expect that in the coming months, what's going to happen is you're going to see a reset around inventory. Inventories are not high in China by any means, and you're going to see the inventory come down. And then I expect you're going to see demand come back. That reopening impact is still to come in China. And so while yes, in the short term, we're seeing some challenges around profitability with the cracker assets in China. As I look out in the next few months, I expect that's going to reverse and you're going to see a snapback in demand.
Kenneth Lane: Thank you, Steve, for your question. Yes. So we're very proud of the product portfolio that we're developing. As we've said before, we're looking forward to being a leader in the area of circularity and launch of our Circulen brand globally last year, you're beginning to see the fruits of that effort in the products that we've been developing together with customers today.  In our portfolio, as we look forward, the CirculenRenew part of our portfolio will probably be the smaller segment for us. We are much more bullish on our ability to develop the advanced recycling and mechanical recycling parts of our business. Those really fit very well with our technical capabilities around developing new processes, but also the application development that we do together with our customers. So we will continue to look for opportunities to develop the CirculenRenew portfolio, where we see that and where customers are demanding lower CO2 footprint products, which is primarily why you want those CirculenRenew products. But remember, when you're doing recycling, people are driving recycled content. So there is a little bit of a different value proposition for those 2 products in the marketplace.
Kenneth Lane: Thanks, Bhavesh, for the question. Yes. Look, Intermediates & Derivatives really had a very strong quarter, record first quarter for that segment. We did see, as the quarter progressed, especially even relative to the fourth quarter, margins recovered, strong demand pretty much across the portfolio. We got a little bit of relief on butane and the feedstock in the feed slate there. So all of those things are going to be very constructive as we go into the second quarter. Demand for all of the product lines that we have are continuing to look very good, and margins are going to continue to be above average.  So as Michael said in the prepared comments, we do believe that we're going to get those businesses back to a more normal level, but I would expect that they're going to be above mid-cycle for the foreseeable future just because we have very strong demand. And even in some of those businesses, we're seeing pretty supportive supply-side impact as well. Some of our competitors in these markets are also having issues with production. So all of that is going to lead to, I think, a very strong performance for I&D in the second quarter
Kenneth Lane: So listen, thanks for your question, Vincent. We're absolutely committed to continuing to be very disciplined around our capital allocation. And, of course, returning excess cash to our shareholders is going to be a priority. Michael, maybe you can just comment a little bit on that.
Kenneth Lane: Thanks for the question. Listen, a lot of -- there's been a lot of talk about what's happening, especially around natural gas. And of course, ethane is going to be following that. It's -- there are very much short-term impacts that are driving natural gas higher. If you look at just the energy complex, the alternative with coal is very high. So you don't see the switching, although production for natural gas is coming up. So normally, this time of year, we would see a bigger drop-off in natural gas pricing.  I think that's delayed just a little bit because of a couple of things. You've got colder weather in the northern part of the United States. So demand is continuing to be high -- the higher coal prices. Of course, we still are maxed out on LNG exports. Until the inventories get refilled in Europe and in the U.S., which I think will be sometime in kind of mid- to late summer, I think you're going to see a lot of volatility and elevated prices for natural gas, but I do expect it to come back into a more normal level sometime in the back end of the summer.  Now longer term, these export facilities take a long time to develop and build. So while those things are being constructed, I think what you're going to see, and we're seeing it even currently is that the production rates are going to accelerate. So you're going to see more production of the natural gas coming on, more production of oil coming on. Both of those, I think, production are up about 10% for both oil and gas since a year ago. All of that is going to be supported by generating more NGLs in the marketplace. So we still believe that longer term, the United States or the American position around ethane advantage is going to continue to be very durable.
Kenneth Lane: P.J., thanks for your question. Look, no doubt we've talked about the headwinds around the supply chain and of course, there have been some constraints in rail movements in the U.S. and being able to move volume offshore even since the fourth quarter. That's not anything new. So I think I may have commented on this at the fourth quarter earnings call. That volume is already sold. So it's really not weighing on -- it's not like we can sell that twice.  We are really focused on watching the demand trends. The demand continues to be very supportive. We have been successful in being able to manage our shipments of products offshore to really minimize any impact to our sales. And I mentioned just a few minutes ago that we had a record sales month in the month of March, and we continue to see that being very robust. So what I expect to see is pricing in polyethylene in the U.S. started to turn back up and increase in the first quarter. That's going to continue as we go into the second quarter with higher demand, and I expect that we'll see some change some chain margin recovery in Q2.
Kenneth Lane: Yes, we've talked about this before. I do believe that, that is going to slow down some of these start-ups, and it's also going to slow down some of the decisions, especially when you look at the whole energy policy that's developing in China, all of those things are going to work to slow the development of the new capacity coming online there. But let's not forget, China is still a very big importer of polyethylene. And for us, what we're really focused on is watching the demand development. And as that demand returns and growth in China returns, it is going to absorb that new capacity. It's just a matter of when, it's not if. And so we're watching those trends and really focused on the demand side of the equation today.
Kenneth Lane: Thank you, Josh. Listen, the polypropylene, we're actually very bullish on. The supply-demand fundamentals there are very good, and that's even in the absence of a strong automotive market. We expect to see spreads increasing coming into the second quarter. We've already announced a spread increase for May. The market continues to be very tight. Inventories have been coming down. And I do think that there is room to go up in polypropylene. So we're feeling very good about our position with polypropylene.
Kenneth Lane: Thanks for the question, Aleksey. Listen, we -- propylene oxide is a core business for us, and it's one where we have a very strong position in. Margins have been improving in that business, especially in the Americas. And I expect now with some of the recent announcements around the supply side issues that we see in the industry, that's going to continue to be the case.  Demand continues to be good, and it's perfect timing, frankly, for us to be starting up our PO/TBA plant later this year. We're extremely excited about getting that asset online and ramping up production and sales in the first half of next year. So overall, I don't think we could have really timed it any better.
Kenneth Lane: Kevin, thanks for your question. Listen, like we said, the refinery site is located in a very good positioned geographically on the ship channel, and it's got great pipeline connections with our cracker in Channelview. So there's a lot of kit there that we can look at that could be valuable in terms of if you think about circularity and some of the feedstocks that we would be using, a lot of those pyrolysis oil do need some hydrotreating and things like that. So they're fairly straightforward, but could be very synergistic with our circular ambition. So we're going to take the next several years to really study where we think that could go. And we think we can find some good value for that site in the mid- to long term to support our strategy.
Kenneth Lane: David, thanks for the question. So we had mentioned before that we had taken a shutdown in the fourth quarter to be able to make some repairs to that asset, and we've been continuing to work through that in the first quarter. So we are still not in a position yet to be, I would say, ratably selling the premium products from that asset. That's something that's going to build over the next 12 to 18 months. but the successful side of the equation there is that we've demonstrated the ability to make differential products that have differential product characteristics, and we have been able to get a premium on some of those, but it's frankly been very small volumes until now. So we view that as some of the upside that we're looking at. When we talk about stepping up, that's part of the upside that we're continuing to see in the next 12 to 18 months for the company.
Kenneth Lane: Thank you, Arun. So yes, for I&A, I mentioned before, we are expecting to be above mid-cycle for that business. So I would say I would expect to be above the numbers that you're thinking about would be where we're at. For sure, we've got very strong tailwinds. And I had mentioned we had a record first quarter. So coming into the second quarter with demand even improving, we're very optimistic heading into the second half of the year or the second quarter going even into the second half of the year.  Now for APS, one of the biggest things that we need to see there, we've been able to successfully maintain margins and continue to improve on margins. The volume equation is what's really going to be impactful for that business. So as automotive comes back and we're able to really refill that pipeline and get the demand side up, that's going to be what's going to drive our results.
Kenneth Lane: Thanks, Matthew, for the question. Listen, for refining, yes, we're seeing very strong margins. The Maya 2-1-1 today is over $60, very strong diesel cracks, gasoline cracks strongest since 2015, inventories are low. So we're operating the assets very well, very high utilization rates. So to answer your question just very shortly, yes, we expect to be able to capture that margin uplift.
Kenneth Lane: Thank you, Alex, and thanks, again, everyone, for your questions and interest in our company. Before we close the call, I want to emphasize the excitement that's building here at LyondellBasell around our future. We are generating resilient results, and we're going to be welcoming our new CEO, Peter Vanacker, in May, and we have our world-class PO/TBA asset starting up later this year.  There is a lot to look forward to, and we're excited about what lies ahead. We hope you'll join us in July as we update you on our second quarter results, and I wish you all a great weekend. Please stay safe.
Michael McMurray: And Ken, what I'd also add specifically around oxyfuels, if you look at the decade kind of before the pandemic, the oxyfuels business kind of consistently delivered $400 million plus of EBITDA. So a very consistent generator of earnings.
Michael McMurray: Yes. I mean, listen, I mean I'd say a couple of things. I mean, one, I think we've established a track record and a reputation of converting EBITDA into free cash flow. No need to further delever, and the balance sheet is in great shape. Our growth investments are paying dividends. Working capital this year should be flattish versus last year consumed almost $600 million. CapEx year-on-year is going to be flat. We'll grow the dividend. And then we're going to return a meaningful amount of cash to our shareholders. There's no message in the first quarter that we built a little bit of cash on [indiscernible].
Michael McMurray: Yes, sure. Thanks, Ken. While I probably won't give guidance on the level of share repurchase activity that we intend to execute to the balance of the year, what I can say is we expect to generate a lot of free cash flow. It's not our intention to build any meaningful cash balances on sheet. Therefore, the expectation is that you can expect that we're going to return copious amounts of free cash flow to our investors.
