Douglas J. Pike: Okay. Well, thank you, Tony. Well, thank you, all and hello and welcome to LyondellBasell's second quarter 2016 teleconference. And I'm joined today by Bob Patel, our CEO; and Thomas Aebischer, our CFO, who is calling from our Rotterdam office. Before we begin the business discussion, I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyb.com. I'd also like for you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. And actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. Now for more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are available at www.lyb.com/investorrelations. And reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website at www.lyb.com. And finally, I'd like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2 PM Eastern Time today until 1 AM Eastern Time on August 29 by calling 866-453-2318 in the United States, and 203-369-1226 outside the United States. And the passcode for both numbers is 72916. And during today's call, we'll focus on second quarter results, the current environment, and the near-term outlook. But before turning the call over to Bob, I'd like to call your attention to the non-cash, lower of cost or market inventory adjustments, or LCM, that we have discussed on past calls. As previously explained, these adjustments are related to our use of LIFO accounting and the volatility and prices of our raw material and finished goods inventories. And second quarter price recoveries for impacted products resulted in the reversal of the entire $68 million first quarter LCM charge. Interim LCM charges are reversed in subsequent periods when information shows the LCM charge may not be sustained through yearend. However, I'd also remind you that LCM charges that exist at yearend cannot be reversed. Additionally, if there are future price declines within our inventory pools during the remainder of the year, this could lead to additional LCM charges. Comments made on this call will be in regard to our underlying business results excluding the impacts of these LCM inventory charges. Now with that being said, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Douglas J. Pike: Hi, Vincent, this is Doug. If you think going forward, really the key thing is that we do have the two facilities in turn around. Otherwise, everything should be running full.
Douglas J. Pike: Production will be lower, Frank, right, because of Morris being down and the timing of that turnaround. So that's one of the things you have to factor in. That's also going to put some pressure and impact kind of polyethylene, as Bob said. So, I think you'll see that. We had some maintenance and turnarounds planned work in the second quarter. So, that you will probably see hold pretty even I think across the quarters. But we will see ethylene production being down.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Thanks, Doug. Good morning to all of you and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. Let's begin with slide four and review the highlights from the second quarter. Our second quarter diluted earnings per share declined relative to the first quarter to $2.45 per share with EBITDA of $1.7 billion. This excludes the $68 million lower of cost or market inventory gain. When the gain on sale of the Petroken Argentine business is also excluded from first quarter results, underlying earnings per share in the second quarter increased by $0.15 per share. Overall, second quarter business trends were as we had expected. During the quarter our downstream integration in polyolefins and other olefin derivatives enabled us to capture strong chain margins. Positive seasonal oxyfuel margin trends benefited the Intermediates & Derivatives business. While our chemical and polymer operations generally ran well, there was scheduled maintenance and some unplanned downtime across company. Most significantly, the refinery operated at reduced rates throughout the quarter as repairs were required following a fire in our coker unit in April. The refinery returned to normal operation in mid-July. Based upon industry benchmark margins, the value of second quarter loss production due to planned and unplanned outages across the company is estimated to have been approximately $140 million. The ability to generate strong earnings during a period of heavy planned maintenance and a refinery upset is indicative of our solid portfolio. We progressed our financial priorities during the quarter as well and Thomas will provide you with an update on those in a few moments. Slide five reflects our continued outstanding safety performance. As I mentioned, during the first half of this year we performed an unusually high amount maintenance. Periods like this often result in an increased number of injuries. However, our results remained steady. We strongly believe that an unrelenting focus on safety has resulted in the excellent performance we have seen over the past four years. Now Thomas will discuss our financial highlights for the second quarter.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Good morning, Steve. I think the imports of polyethylene into Asia or into China are generally they do vary because of inventory changes and planned outages and so on. But what we're seeing is still very solid growth in Asia year-over-year. So I would not read too much into just that import statistic.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, we've corrected what we found and we've checked out more than just the source of that fire. So we think we've addressed the root causes and we understand those well. And the refinery is back up and running at full rates.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Sure. So the startup we're estimating to be mid-2019. And that's progressing very well. The PO/TBA project, we're continuing with our front-end engineering and so that project is progressing very nicely. We expect to make a final investment decision in the first half of next year, but it looks good so far.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, we've been a merchant seller of ethylene and we place some of that Corpus Christi volume already. And so over time, yes, that's our intention is through the addition of this derivative capacity, we would move towards our long-term target of something around 15% of our ethylene as merchant sales.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Good morning, Arun. We're seeing very balanced markets. The demand is growing very solidly year-over-year. As in prior calls, we've talked about this that lot of polyethylene and polypropylene demand is tied to everyday use, sort of, applications. And so that's evidenced in the growth rate despite some uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, and we're seeing that play through in terms of demand growth globally. It has been pretty solid year-over-year. Because of planned and unplanned outages in the industry, including our planned maintenance that we're doing at Corpus, the market seemed to be balanced to tight. Our sense is that inventories are about average or below average. So my view is that in the next quarter or two markets should be pretty well-balanced and anything unplanned would create tightness in markets. There's a reasonable planned maintenance schedule both in the U.S. and Asia in Q3. So I think that will keep things pretty well-balanced to tight for most of the remainder of the year.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Sure. Ethane came off a little here because there were some unplanned cracker outages. There's some turnarounds going on. So ethane demand has been off some. Propane looks to be pretty long. And we think that propane will play an important role in setting the price of ethane, not only in the near-term but also longer term. And so for now we see an abundance of ethane supply. And, as I've mentioned in prior calls, over the medium-term, we'll expect for ethane to trade a little bit over its fuel value. Historically, it's traded $0.05 to $0.10 over and that still affords the U.S. a reasonable feedstock advantage, and in a tight market environment like we have today, it provides for a good backdrop for solid earnings.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Good morning, David. Yes, polypropylene margins, last time we spoke there was pretty wide gap between Asia and the U.S. And we'd said that that would come in some, partly with Asian prices coming up, which they did, and U.S. prices coming off a bit. I think we've reached that delta where likely we don't see a whole lot more. If you step back and look at supply/demand and especially here in the U.S., there's not a lot of new supply coming in. And there is growth year-over-year. So I expect the polypropylene market in the U.S. to be relatively balanced to tight over the coming quarters. And we don't really see meaningful new capacity in the U.S. for a couple of years. There might be some debottlenecks, but I think it's probably two, three years out before we see new grassroots capacity.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes, styrene demand continues to grow. Again, no real new capacity in the near term. So we're pretty constructive about styrene, and we haven't had the opportunity to say that very often in the past few years, but it seems like there is some resilience in the market and we'd expect that to continue.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think generally, Jim, we're timing the construction of this project quite well, because it will be post some of the large greenfield projects completing construction. So I like our position there. And in terms of delays, they're always difficult to forecast, but if you look back at history and including some of our debottlenecks, these are very large, complicated plants, and so we've seen delays with not only some of our debottlenecks but also other projects, and we expect some of that to occur, which frankly has some implications on how operating rates turn out in 2018 and 2019. But I like our position in terms of the construction cycle.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I think, P.J., we're going to have to look at ethylene prices more regionally rather than globally. So it's more important in my view to look at polyethylene prices globally. So to the extent that the Asian price is the price setter, then I think that's what we have to watch. Ethylene exports out of the U.S., I think they can only be good for the U.S. ethylene market. So it's a relief valve if you will, for the U.S. ethylene business. So if those are to be built, I would consider that to be a net positive for U.S. ethylene producers.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. Well, there's still a significant amount of rejection that's occurring, even some still in Eagle Ford and then places more further away. P.J., I think what's going to be important to see is how propane and butane prices develop because part of what will balance markets is feedstock flexibility. That's something that we're very focused on for the long run is to continue to find ways to increase feedstock flexibility. The cracker fleet in the U.S. has a reasonable amount of feedstock flexibility, which if ethane prices were to rise above let's say propane or butane economics, then a lot of us could switch, which would take some of that pressure off of ethane. The other thing is in a low oil price environment, I would think that some of the ethane exports could be more variable, and they could be shut off if ethane price were to rise. So I think there's balancing factors in the market from a supply standpoint. With some premium over fuel value and with oil price moderately rising over time, I would think that that will attract more supply. So we think this will balance out over time. And also the timing of startups of crackers will impact that too, right. So there are delays, then that pushes out that tightness of ethane and more time for more ethane productions to come to market.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes. So that project looks very good to us, even in today's environment. So we didn't delay it for economic reasons. It's really a matter of priority. First of all, we've got a lot going on in Channelview where that debottleneck was to be done. That's a large part of our PO/TBA project potentially as we go forward. So we have a certain number of resources and we've got to deploy those in a way where we can focus and execute well. So we want the team over there focusing on PO/TBA. Also if you look more broadly in the company, near-term our priority is more to build out our derivative portfolio. And then in time we'll come back and do that debottleneck. When we do our turnarounds at our Channelview crackers in 2018 and 2019, we'll likely be able to put in tie-ins such that we can implement that debottleneck any time and it may not have to be dependent on a turnaround. So we're going to do that project at some point. But I'd like for us to focus in the near-term on the polyethylene plant and on PO/TBA and build out our derivatives, and then we'll come back and take a look at that one.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes, and so the two facilities are Corpus and Morris. And remember, Morris is an integrated ethylene, polyethylene site. So when we're not making ethylene, we don't run polyethylene up there either. But otherwise our plan is to run full for the rest of the year.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think propylene prices depend a lot on where propane is and refinery rates and so on. Our sense is that with the new PDH units that are being built propylene looks to be coming more in the balance and could be long here in the U.S. over the medium-term. So we're watching that but the feedstocks do have a role to play in how much propylene is produced and when propane is favored, the crackers that have flexibility tend to produce a lot more propylene.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, for propylene there have been exports in the U.S. for some time. And so, I think it has a role. But I would summarize my comment by saying that, I think propylene is going to move towards a long position as some of this new PDH capacity comes on and if there are derivatives, if they are lagging then it becomes a bit long.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No. I think this has been more of a gasoline phenomenon that you've seen this year in terms of spreads. Our view about MTBE longer term and we still think octane is short. When you think about new fuel regulations, they are requiring us to take sulfur out of the gasoline pool, which reduces octane and then also on a demand side more and more higher compression engines require more octane. So our view is that octane is tight to short and MTBE plays an important role in that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: For us it was more about just running methanol at higher rates and also we had some planned maintenance earlier in the year on the van (43:36) unit and now that's done. So we ran at higher rates in Q2.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: We have an ongoing sort of contracting strategy around ethane. We are one of the bigger buyers of ethane from the Gulf Coast. I think we buy the largest right now. So we have a very balanced strategy around buying ethane. I will come back to my earlier comments which I think around ethane is we have to think about what are the balancing factors on ethane price. And, again, I think propane and butane will play an important role, also exports. Some of those could be variable at very high ethane prices so I think the market will balance. The other thing if ethane values persist at much higher than its fuel value that ought to attract more supply or incent more supply. And so really I think what we're all concerned about here, I suppose, is more about the volatility not about some structural change and how ethane will be priced. I think as we saw earlier in this decade, when ethane price rose and margins on ethane over fuel value were $0.30 per gallon or $0.40 per gallon that was met with a lot more supply. And so we think that these crackers start up and so on, a combination of switching to other feedstocks, maybe less exports and more supply, the market will find a new equilibrium and that leave us in a position where the U.S. still has advantage vis-à-vis heavier crackers globally.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No, Nils, we'd like to get this done as soon as possible. So it's really about just the complexity in the construction and the debottlenecks are very, very complex, because we are working in tight spaces and so on. But having said all that, we are a few weeks later than we had anticipated. We are expecting to be done by the end of September and commissioning. The other thing is when we started the turnaround and especially in June and early July, we had some very, very unusual weather patterns, had a lot of – we had a few days where we couldn't be in the field because of lightning and heavy rains. So on the Texas Gulf Coast those things do have an impact at this time of year. But we're aiming to get that done by the end of Q3.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think, again, you are highlighting that these projects are complex and they don't tend to start up as people plan and hope, including our debottleneck, as I just mentioned. So I think with delays, as you say, demand will grow into the capacity. And we see a pretty balanced market through the balance of this year and well into next year. And then we'll just have to see how the timing develops on the other big projects. But they are quite large and complex and it's just history indicates that a quarter or two delays are not unusual.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, we said in our prepared comments that third quarter production loss would result in about $150 million impact for the quarter.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Duffy, if you think about the improvement, probably about half of it is structural based on feedstock improvements, fixed cost improvements and so on. The rest is more market related. But having said that, if you think about the European market, there is really no new capacity coming. The euro is weaker than it was two, three years ago. We had $1.4 euro-dollar. Today, we're $1.1. So my sense is that Europe will kind of be an insular market. I don't see a whole lot going out or coming in. And with no new capacity being installed in olefins and polyolefins there and demand growing modestly but growing some, we see a pretty balanced market. So I think the operating rates ought to be reasonably high over there.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, I would suspect that will be some time back-half 2018, into 2019. But, Duffy, not all of the derivative capacity has been announced yet. So just like we're announcing today our polyethylene plant. And so I think that will balance out. But on paper, you would assume that it's something in that back half of 2018, 2019 range.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No. I think the European market just has a different underpinning, given the feedstock and olefin prices there. So our sense is that that should continue for the foreseeable future.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No. Polypropylene is a little bit – in about flat or a little bit less than ethylene over there. So I think you've got to step back and look at global pricing as well to be instructive on that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: No, I suspect that some of it would need to go to Europe which would be the next logical destination. Europe over time will probably need propylene. So, I think Europe seems logical. Of course, Asia, they have large need. And for them it's also make versus buy. Because in Asia you see a lot of new PDH capacity coming. So, we will have to watch that. The thing we have to see is how much propylene export capacity there really is in the U.S. and whether somebody would build more or not? And I don't have a fresh view on that.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Bob, you know what we see is that, in a more moderate oil price environment, over the medium or longer-term, and ethane trading somewhat above its fuel value, construction cost being what they are in the Gulf coast, greenfield is challenging, we think, to earn reasonable returns and perhaps our return aspirations are a lot higher. I don't know. But so far we would like to see how the rest of the decade plays out before we take a really firm view on that. In the meantime, we still got some debottleneck capacity that we can do. As I mentioned, we have one more we can do a Channelview. We are focused on PO/TBA and polyethylene. So we have pretty healthy slate of growth projects and capital projects ahead of us. And I'd like to see us execute those really well before we think about new greenfield plant.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Okay, Thank you, Jeff. If there are no other questions then I will close with a few comments. First of all in the near-term we see markets being very strong. We see solid demand growth year-over-year. Planned maintenance and some unplanned outages in the industry and our planned maintenance have kept supply moderate. So we see pretty balanced markets. When we think about the cycle with some delays in new capacity, operating rates were not going to dip much below 90% on paper in the past. And as we see, some of these delays and even some of the CTO project in Asia being canceled, there's a higher likelihood that 2018 effective operating rates may not dip below 90%. So, our view is that we are very constructive on markets near-term, medium term. We are continuing to deliver strong earnings, last 12 months at a pace of nearly $10 per share. Excluding LCM, we have a strong dividend. We are engaged in our fourth 10% share buyback program. So by virtue of those two things we are returning significant cash back to our shareholders. Our focus remains very consistent, safe, reliable, cost efficient cost operations. We're going to finish the Corpus turnaround and debottleneck it by the end of Q3. We're want to continue to execute on the other turnarounds that we have. I think what all of this planned maintenance activity sets us up for is a strong 2017. We have very little turnaround activity in 2017. And so I think that positions us well for next year. And we're starting to build out our growth project portfolio with our polyethylene project in 2019 and potentially the PO/TBA project in 2020. So we're continuing to advance those growth projects as well. So we look forward to updating all of you on those items at our next call. So thanks again for your interest in our company.
Thomas Aebischer: Thank you, both, and good morning. On slide six, we outlined our quarterly and trailing 12-month segment results. Combined olefins and polyolefins generated good results with $1.3 billion of EBITDA in the second quarter and $5.5 billion during the last 12 months. The Intermediates & Derivatives segment remained steady with second quarter EBITDA of approximately $370 million and $1.5 billion over the last 12 months. Due to operating issues, the refinery recorded a loss. Technology continued to perform well at an LTM pace of approximately $270 million. Overall, despite ongoing maintenance and global economic uncertainties, our profitability has remained strong with $7.5 billion of EBITDA over the past 12 months. The first half 2016 EBITDA represents an annual pace of nearly $7.2 billion. Please turn to slide seven, which provides a picture of cash generation and use. During the second quarter, we generated $1.3 billion of cash from operations and utilized $1.1 billion for dividends and share repurchases. Our maintenance and growth capital investments increased to approximately $560 million during the second quarter with a significant portion of this investment focused on our Corpus Christi ethylene expansion and the turnaround at our Berre, France facility. During the second quarter cash and liquid investments decreased by approximately $400 million to end with a balance of $2.5 billion. Over the last 12 months cash from operations was $5.5 billion. A nearly equal amount was dedicated to dividends and share repurchases over the same period. After investments in our capital program, returns to our shareholders, borrowing and other activities, the cash and liquid investments balance declined by approximately $1.3 billion. However, at $2.5 billion this remains well above our minimum requirement. Slide eight provides a longer perspective of cash flow as well as some current financial metrics. Our strong results and cash flow generation over multiple years positioned us to steadily raise our dividend and purchase shares. In May 2016, we increased our quarterly interim dividend by 9% to $0.85 per share. Additionally, our results have allowed us to access favorable credit markets while maintaining a strong balance sheet, BBB/Baa1 corporate credit rating and available liquidity of approximately $5 billion. During the first six months of 2016, cash flow generation remained strong although somewhat less than the pace seen in 2014 and 2015. On an annualized basis, using June 30 market capitalization, the cash flow yield is 9.4%. Our share repurchase program remained at an approximate 10% annual pace. During the quarter, we purchased 8.8 million shares representing 2% of our outstanding shares with approximately 4 million shares purchased during June. Notably, during May, we received approval for our fourth share repurchase program for up to an additional 10% of outstanding shares over the next 18 months. Based on the June 30 share price and the May quarterly dividend increase to $0.85 per share, the current dividend yield is approximately 4.6%. Before I wrap up, I want to point out a few other items that may help your modeling. First, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 24%, several percentage points lower than our previously communicated estimate. The rate variance for the quarter compared to our forecasted annual rate was impacted primarily by discrete items including the impact of a non-U.S. tax law change, as well as by our global earnings mix being balanced towards lower tax regions. We currently estimate our full-year tax rate at approximately 27%, which is approximately 1 percentage point below our previous estimate. 2016 CapEx spending is on target to meet our forecast of $2.1 billion. Depreciation, amortization and interest expense are currently running at rates in line with our previous estimate. With that, thank you very much for your attention and I will turn the call back to Bob.
Thomas Aebischer: No, thank you very much for the question. So, as you see and as I have mentioned in my comments, we are in the fortunate situation with a strong balance sheet. Clearly we are committed, as we have repeatedly said, to a progressive dividend policy. We maintained the dividend. We were able to increase the dividend again to 9%, which we have mentioned. And we've just got another approval for another 10% share buyback over the next 18 months. So we're in the fortunate situation to execute on our financial objectives.
Thomas Aebischer: No. We have been able really given prospectively information or estimates about share buybacks. As we have said, we have a new program approved for 10%. We have more than $5 billion of liquidity if you look at the committed credit facility as well. So, we are in a good situation to execute on the progressive dividend and on the share buyback program.
Thomas Aebischer: No, we are evaluating the share repurchase, obviously, with other options. But, answering your question about how far would we go with respect to leverage. What's very important to us is to maintain a healthy balance sheet and we are focusing on the BBB+ rating as mentioned in my initial outlines and that is clearly a very much a guiding benchmark to maintain that BBB+ rating through the cycle.
