Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: All right. Thanks, Dave. Good day to all of you participating around the world and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. By now I'm sure many of you have seen our earnings release that we put out this morning highlighting the specifics of the quarter. While I will go into greater depth on these results shortly, I want to take a brief moment to provide a longer view on why they are significant. Every year, over the past four years, our company has consistently generated more than $5 billion of cash from operating activities under a wide range of oil prices and industry conditions. During the second quarter of 2018, we generated $1.7 billion. In my view, these superior results are a product of our team's outstanding focus on efficiency, value creation, disciplined execution and our strong portfolio of businesses. This approach has not only delivered value, but also created the opportunity for us to develop and execute on a broader growth strategy that goes beyond brownfield expansions and is beginning to yield tangible results. Now, let's begin with slide 3 and review the highlights. During the second quarter, our focus on safe, reliable operations and diligent commercial efforts captured market opportunities, particularly within our Intermediate and Derivatives, Refining and Technology segments. Second quarter diluted earnings were $4.22 per share. Our second quarter results included a $346 million non-cash benefit from the settlement of a prior-year tax positions that increased earnings by $0.88 per share. Excluding this benefit and a one-time benefit from the U.S. tax reform during the fourth quarter of 2017, our second quarter earnings per share represents a quarterly record that exceeds the previous record set in the first quarter of 2018. We also achieved quarterly EBITDA records for both our Intermediates and Derivative segment and our Technology segment. At our Annual General Meeting on June 1st, LyondellBasell shareholders approved a new share repurchase program that authorizes the repurchase of up to 10% of the company's shares over the next 18 months. In a few moments, Thomas will provide further detail on how our strong cash flows supported substantial shareholder returns with more than $700 million of dividends and share repurchases during the second quarter. We continue to advance our growth program during the second quarter, with significant progress on multiple initiatives. In June, we announced that LyondellBasell entered into exclusive discussions with Odebrecht regarding a potential transaction with Braskem. As you might expect, there is little to say at this point in the discussions. Our teams are working diligently to assess the feasibility and shareholder value of such a transaction. Our pending acquisition of A. Schulman moved forward with Schulman shareholders approving the transaction in June. Antitrust clearances have been obtained from the United States, the European Commission, China, Brazil, Mexico, Turkey and Russia, to name a few. Our team anticipates securing the remaining regulatory approval during the third quarter and is ready to begin the integration process. To this end, we announced last week that Jim Guilfoyle, who leads our Intermediates and Derivatives segment, will lead our new Advanced Polymer Solutions segment following the close of the transaction. Until his replacement is named, Jim will continue to oversee our I&D segment. In June, we continue to expand our joint venture portfolio with the announcement of a new 400 kiloton per year of polypropylene plant in South Korea that will utilize LyondellBasell's industry-leading Spheripol technology to serve customers in Asia. Our organic growth programs are advancing well with significant construction activity in our Hyperzone polyethylene plant in La Porte, Texas. This is scheduled to start up in the middle of 2019. We also made very good progress in our PO/TBA project, as we work toward a 2021 start-up. Underlying all of our business results, there's one outcome that is perhaps the most important to us. On slide 4, I would like to take a moment to highlight the significant improvement in the safety performance achieved by our employees and contractors during the first half of 2018. In my view, this is an important indicator for our investors because of the close tie between safety and operational excellence. Although it's tempting to become complacent about safety after years of top decile performance, as a team, we rededicated ourselves to the goal of zero injuries and delivered a 38% improvement in workers safety during the first half of this year. We're extremely proud of this achievement and I want to thank all of our employees and contractors who've contributed such great performance. And now, Thomas will provide more detail on our financial highlights for the second quarter.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. P.J., I've commented on this at the last earnings call and my view has not changed. I think converter inventories here in the U.S. are on the low end because of the expectation of new capacity coming, as you rightly mentioned, and I think that will continue here through the fall. So, I think any unplanned events will likely cause more tightness in the market. China inventories, a little bit less visibility in terms of what goes on there. But our sense is that demand is growing at very good rates. Per IHS, the forecast for demand growth for polyethylene is 8.5% for 2018, so a very strong rate, and I think that all points to a very good market in the back half of 2018.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: I think it's possible. First of all, I think we're – as I mentioned before, we believe that fair and free trade is certainly very important to have healthy markets and a healthy global economy. I think in the near term, demand is fairly fixed. It's a question of how that demand is met. And I think, one consequence of the tariffs could be, yes, that MTO plants run harder. The other is that maybe trade patterns will shift such that China's demand could be met more from the Middle East and perhaps more U.S. product flows to Europe and other places. We've seen a bit of that in styrene. As you know, there have been anti-dumping duties and tariffs that have been levied, but the market has kind of managed through that change very well. So I would expect that we'd see similar things in polyethylene. And I kind of step back from all the tariff noise and say that global operating rates are very high and demand is growing at very good rate.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yes, Hassan. So on VAM, directionally I tend to agree that the outlook looks good. I think the magnitude, we'll have to see how that plays out. But the broader point you raised which I think is very important is that, the growing sort of regulation or a more tightening regulatory environment on chemical operations in China is important and meaningful, and I think will tend to favor our intermediate and chemicals business, whether it's EO or VAM or other products. So directionally, I think it's good for our I&D segment and constructive for the market.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Well, I've described in the past that from an industrial logic standpoint, there's sort of a consolidation play in the O&P space. It gives us a presence in Latin America that we don't have today, and we think that's a very important market as we look out long term in terms of the Olefins and Polyolefins space. They have very high-quality assets and it's a well-run company. So I think there are a lot of, I think, potential benefits to our shareholders. So, we'll just have to kind of work through our process and see where we come out.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, there is a very important distinction in the U.S. is that the cracker fleet in the U.S. is much more flexible. So, that drives some of the variability in propylene supply. Generally speaking, I would say, propylene supply remains very tight in the U.S. and likely will continue to be so. And especially, as over the last decade you've seen more ethane cracking, that's reduced the amount of propylene output and incrementally some new derivatives have come to market. So, I would expect propylene to be more dynamic in terms of prices or continued sort of dynamic as it has been. In Europe, it's more of a stable market and tends to follow naphtha and tends to kind of follow overall cracker margins. It's not as dynamic in terms of price just because of the supply being more stable.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Good morning, Alex. I've been focusing the team on maximizing the potential of the asset we have on the ground today. And so, we're trying to find opportunities where we can increase output and increase efficiency at little or no cost. And I think we do have some opportunities in that area and I'd like to see us reap those benefits before we think about other assets.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So, on the growth rates, I think they're really reflecting a very strong U.S. GDP environment. And as you know, polyethylene growth tends to tie very closely to GDP growth. So I think it's – the growth rates are a reflection of a very good U.S. market and more penetration of plastics into other end users. So, I think that trend is very good and very durable. I've also pointed out in prior earnings calls that, typically our industry experiences most of our annual growth in the first three quarters of the year because of seasonality and the like. So, I think that also plays a role as it does in prior years. Now, let me answer your question on sort of plastics waste. First of all, there's been a lot of press about plastic waste in oceans and rivers and landfills and so on. I can tell you that our industry understands that this is a very, very important issue and something that we must be a part of the solution. It's a key focus area for trade associations around the world including American Chemistry Council and Cefic and others. And we hold membership – we have core (00:35:11) members in a lot of these associations and hold leadership positions on many of these. There is a lot of alignment globally in the industry that we've got to do substantial things to address this challenge of plastic waste. You should expect a pretty significant launch before year-end on an initiative around plastic waste. And I think that will clarify how serious the industry is about addressing this. But on sustainability, there is a positive side to it in terms of plastics. So first of all, plastics extend the life of food through packaging. And if you think about fuel efficiency in vehicles, it's made possible by light-weighting which comes from plastic. So there is a very positive aspect in terms of sustainability. The last thing I wanted to mention is, here at LyondellBasell we're doing a lot in this area. You heard me talk in the past about our Quality Circular Polymers joint venture. It's a one of a kind recycling joint venture with a waste management company called SUEZ in Europe. That's off to a really good start. And I'm convinced and I think it's a model for a platform we'll be able to replicate elsewhere in Europe. We also recently signed an agreement with the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany to develop catalyst and process technology that decompose post-consumer plastic waste. So, there's a lot going on in this area. So look for big announcements from the industry by year-end as we get serious about tackling this issue of plastic waste.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So Arun, first of all, prices like any year tend to follow seasonal patterns. So we typically have a stronger spring and a strong fall sort of period. That seasonality is much stronger in Europe because of a more prevalent sort of summer holiday season or many factory shutdown – converter shutdown. Let me kind of step back and think about operating rates. So last year, globally we had very high operating rates, really near full capacity in ethylene and polyethylene. Now if you look at change in supply and change in demand from 2017 to 2018, supply growth is exceeding demand growth by forecast from IHS by less than 1% from 2017 to 2018. So given that we're starting at very high operating rates, coming off maybe 100 basis points on operating rates is frankly negligible in terms of impact on market. Prior cycles we've seen reduction of 10% in operating rates or greater. It's a very modest reduction. Furthermore, if you kind of peel that back and you look at high-density polyethylene which is kind of 70-or-so-percent of our output in polyethylene – actually, this year demand growth is forecasted to exceed supply growth by almost 150 basis points, and we're seeing that in the way kind of pricing is playing out. And if you look next year, overall polyethylene supply growth and demand growth will be very close to matched; and in HD, supply growth falls short again of demand growth projections. So who would have thought, Arun, that we would have had price rollovers when you've had this much new capacity comes on? And if by the end of the year operating rates have dropped 1% in my view, we still have a very tight market with not so much capacity coming in the next couple of years. I think it's important as we try to sort of sort through all of the noise from month-to-month, just step back and look at where operating rates are and we got a pretty tight market with normal seasonality.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Sure. So I'll take those one at a time. On ethane, first of all, I just want to provide some context on how these big tranches of ethane demand occur when new cracker start up. So a new cracker start-up, when it's world-scale cracker like 1.5 million tons, that's about 100,000 barrels a day of additional ethane demand when those start up. Now these are kind of big steps. It doesn't happen gradually. Now as you can imagine on the supply side, the supply then has to adjust and it takes a period of time, maybe a quarter or so, for the supply to adjust, to meet the demand of these big kind of jumps in demand. I've said in the past as you rightly mentioned that – I think $0.07 to $0.10 could be quite normal going forward. As you say, we're above that today. But on the other hand, with higher oil prices, the U.S. sort of advantage and the slope of the global cost curve is still quite good. And we also had in Q2 some issues on the Mariner East pipeline. So that impacted the source of exports of ethane and put more tightness on the Gulf Coast. I think all of this is going to kind of work its way through, as we get to a new normal. But again, when I step back and look at ethane fundamentals, there's a lot of ethane available on the Permian. New pipelines have been announced for Y-grade coming through the Gulf Coast. New fracs have been announced. There's one new frac that's about to start up. One other one recently started up. So kind of if each frac adds 60,000 barrels a day or so of ethane and more logistics are available to bring Y-grade from Permian, I think this will all kind of work its way through. But you have to appreciate that these jumps in demand are quite large for the size of the business that it is in the U.S. in terms of ethane. So, we may see some blips here in terms of ethane being above $0.10 frac spreads. But I think $0.10 is the reasonable thing to plan around longer term. Certainly, we're doing that. The Conway advantage and its durability, that ebbs and flows, it depends again on more about Gulf Coast; and up in Conway, very few consumers. I mean we represent a large part of the consumption of ethane up there. I continue to believe there will be a meaningful advantage in Conway and we should reap the benefits of that for years to come. On Technology, the run rate – first of all, when you think about our Technology business, there is kind of three components. There's our catalyst business which tends to be very steady. We have service income from licenses that we've issued over the years. That tends to be steady and modestly growing as we have more licenses. You can imagine as we have more units out there that are licensed, we're providing more service to those. What makes it more variable is the timing of license payments. And if you go back and look at the number of press releases we issued on new licenses last year, there was a meaningful step up from 2016. So we're seeing now the payments in 2017 of that of – sorry, in 2018 from the 2017 licenses that we signed. 2018 looks to be also a very active year. Again, you go back and you look at our press releases year-to-date, we're having a fairly active year. So, you know I'd caution you from taking Q2 as a run rate, but I would tell you that there's been a step up in activity in 2017 and 2018, and I expect that to continue. Our focus is in China, more polypropylene than polyethylene. So that's how I would kind of characterize our licensing activity. So hope I've answered the three questions.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Good morning, John. That's a pretty big investment that we're undertaking. So, I'd like to see our team deliver that before we consider others. As you know, we have a joint venture in PO/SM in China and there is a potential to do more there. But in the U.S., I'd like to see us deliver on our PO/TBA project which is, by the way, the largest capital investment this company or its predecessors have undertaken. So, focus on execution is also really important.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So good morning, Dylan. Just sort of anecdotal frankly, but my sense is that operations continue to improve. And your question about how long does it take, I would expect from 30 to 90 days something like that, about a quarter, to get to the grade slate and work out the bugs of these. All of these units are redefining world scale. So, we shouldn't minimize the challenge in ramping up and getting to new world scale. I'd expect our Hyperzone is going to be very similar. We're also introducing a new technology here. So if it takes a little longer, it may not surprise me. But I don't think it's a quarter longer, it's maybe a month longer or something like that. But what makes I think polyethylene more complex is that you have multiple products and you have to go through a sort of, what we call, a product wheel as opposed to with ethylene it's one product, and you're just trying to get on spec and get to full rates which in its way is also difficult, but a different set of challenges compared to numerous products in polyethylene.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Well, we expect a lot of him when he gets to our Advanced Polyolefins Solutions (sic) [Advanced Polymer Solutions] (00:50:26).
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. So on the maintenance side on I&D, we just didn't have much planned maintenance. As I mentioned during my prepared comments, we will have planned maintenance at our Bayport PO plant – one of our Bayport PO plants in Q3 and Q4. Look, I think we ran well as we expect to run well. We had in the prior period some issues that were uncharacteristic. So, part of that is the step up in volume from our I&D business. So I think the unplanned part, this is more typical what we did in Q2. The planned is, we don't defer maintenance. We typically do it when we need to do it and in terms of our planned schedule, we'll stay on that cadence. In terms of the run rate and the change in the Technology business, we can't really quantify the change. But I would tell you that, again, compared to – when you look at 2016 to 2017, there was a step up in the amount of licenses that we announced. The 2017 licenses are coming through in the P&L in 2018. We have a similar pace in 2018 signings that will come through in 2019. But when you look quarter-to-quarter, it still can be lumpy because of the way the payments are done. But I encourage you to kind of think about annual time horizons when you look at our Technology segment and quarterly the payments can be lumpy.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: Yeah. Sure. Well, the PP market continues to be very tight, and any small outages sort of make the tightness more acute. Inventories, my sense is, are average or below average. The industry is kind of working through the usual seasonal high period in PP. I'd expect that to continue until there is meaningful new capacity. Imports have increased because of just more demand in the U.S. that has to be met. And I suspect that whenever new units come on down the road then some of those imports will decline. In terms of our own project, we're still working through the details and sort of the engineering of that. I want to make sure my team provides a very good estimate on capital so that we can make a good decision and with an eye towards creating shareholder value. So, we're still working through it. I don't have anything definitive to report to you today, but we still see the project as being attractive.
Bhavesh Vaghjibhai Patel: All right. Well, thank you. Thank you, everyone, for your thoughtful questions, as usual. At LyondellBasell, we recognize that our core focus on operational excellence, cost management, disciplined capital deployment, provides advantages in our industry. We're capturing opportunities to add value by leveraging these advantages with highly targeted growth. I'm very proud of the record-setting results our team delivered this quarter, and I'm confident that our winning strategies will allow us to continue on this trajectory over the coming years. So, thank you very much for your interest in our company and we look forward to updating you on our third quarter results, as well as the progress on all of our growth initiatives during the next call. With that, we're adjourned. Have a great weekend.
