Jim Gallogly: Thank you for joining our earnings call. As Doug mentioned, a set of presentation slides accompanies this call and is available on our Website. Let’s first take a look at Slide Number 4 during the third quarter we generated EBITDA of $2.04 billion. This led to income from continuing operations of $1.26 billion and diluted earnings per share of $2.46. These results marked out best quarter ever and the second consecutive quarter of record results. I would like to summarize a few highlights. Olefins and Polyolefins Americas achieved EBITDA of almost $1.2 billion. The first time this has been achieved. European Olefins continued their above industry operating rates in the EAI segment again delivered EBITDA an excess of $300 million. During the quarter, we declared a regular interim dividend of $0.70 per share and repurchase to approximately 12 million shares. The strength of our results maybe best reflected in our last 12 months EBITDA and earnings. During the period, we generated EBITDA of approximately $7.2 billion, net income of $4.6 billion and had earnings per share of $8.49. We will discuss individual business details later in the call. Turning to slide number 5, you will see that our year-to-date safety performance is in line with results from the last several years and remains among the best in the industry. Operating safely is our first priority and always will be. Our goal is zero injuries and zero process incidents. I would now like to turn the call over to Karyn to discuss our financial performance.
Jim Gallogly: Okay. Let me take those kind of in order Arun. First oil price, having said that that happened quickly, oil prices sometime bounce right back so it's a bit difficult to tell at this point where oil prices will stabilize. They were much higher during much of the year so we will see what happens on that front. There is overtime a relationship between the price say WTI and the price of our products and that there will be some clearing prices in Asia and to certain extend in Europe. General rule of thumb is $10 a barrel, may compete overtime to about $0.05 a pound on Naphtha base ethylene. Having said that you also have to factor in supply-demand ratios at this point in time supply is extremely tight in United States. We have had as you saw from our extremely good O&P Americas results, very, very strong ethylene pricing and margins. Spot prices for ethylene were over $0.70 a pound at certain points in time and we sold 15% of our capacity into that market. A number of our competitors are still down and the market is still extremely tight. So under those conditions prices don't fall very quickly. Polyethylene seems to be quite tight right now and is not available like that. Orders don't get fill by some of our competitors. We have seen very strong demand, order books are full, so supply-demand in America seems pretty tight. In Europe is that same tightness seems to be there. We haven’t seen cancellation of orders on the fall in crude prices like sometimes happens. It's seems to be pretty solid. I think because inventory levels have been very, very short in the convertors. So that kind of dynamic the market seems to be reasonably tight still. In Asia, prices have come down a bit but definitely not in line with fall in Naphtha prices at this point. Over time, we will see what happens in supply-demand. As I mentioned so far so good. 
Jim Gallogly: Well, demand rates could come down but usually that’s seen in Asia. We don't have any capacity there. In Europe we ran at 95% olefins capacity the last two quarters in the row well above the industry operating rates have been kind of in the mid 80s and in United States we have all been running flat out, expect that to stop because we’ve got a advantage so in terms of assets of company we are running hard and you’ve seen that reflected in our numbers.
Jim Gallogly: That’s difficult to say, there is always that theory there that could increase demand a bit but in our sense it takes more money in consumer’s pocket but again for our company we don’t expect that to have much impact because we are running our assets hard already in Europe and the United States. We don’t need that to continue that needs globally in Europe or Asia. Yes. We don’t export much out of Europe and United States exports have been mostly South America, in Mexico about 15% so we are basically domestic in the sense of Europe production and U.S. production. So we don’t need Asia to recover that much to do well.
Jim Gallogly: Bob, I think the customer inventory should pretty lean. Usually, we see that pattern by now in the month and I have been watching order books very closely would have expected that in Europe first and we just haven’t been seen in the United States because of the number of outages of Ethylene, Polyethylene has been particularly short and I didn’t expect it here in the quarter we didn’t see yet but so far we haven’t been seen much of that and the volumes have resell in the Asia through the middle east and all have been moving pretty nicely so I just think there supply chain is tided at this point. Even of course U.S. economy is doing well and that should be a plus of sorts.
Jim Gallogly: Well, there is always some chance of that. I have sent lot of my career in the oil business but you have to recognize that lot of these rigs already been booked for multiple months and sometimes years, I expect they will continue to drill if you look at the rig counts and all -- kind of steady as she goes, there is always a little curtailment as people run over the capital budget at the end of the year but then they’re starting to spend and gain hard at beginning of the year. Gas prices aren’t that different where they have been and oil prices should down some but I think most of that drilling continues and still looks okay as far as we can see. And of course a bigger question is the people think this is a short term thing or longer term thing. Final plan I want to make is that as far as ethane goes we are very, very long you have seen propane prices come down and there is still 30% ethane rejection going on so we are nothing worried about that.
Jim Gallogly: Yes, well, typically sell for a significant discount even after transportation, sometimes equity $7 to $10 a barrel to get ultimately we would expected that volume of Canadian crudes out to 30%-35% we just have to see how quickly we can ramp it up but it should be a nice plus for us. The $65 a barrel and how -- to give you an example where this today.
Jim Gallogly: I’m not sure, sides on that but have been reported previously that Saudi Arabia would likely cut production in the event of price falls and there was press to the effect and then more recently there is a little news about maybe some production cuts, so I’m little uncertain exactly where they are going to go, one thing to remember is that a dollar has been increasing and strengthened we have to look at relative bind power that they get from say $80 crude versus a $100 crude in the past when the dollar was weaker. So there is some about that -- in the price otherwise we just have to see what happens all the time, I think sometimes it’s more important to watch what happens and what’s…
Jim Gallogly: Polypropylene margins are kind of up and down, the volumes have improved from time to time. We moved out of our flux unit, our metathesis unit and the spot sales for a while because there made somewhat sense at the high prices and then now we are back in to double-dimmer mod and making propylene because at the propylene price. So we are very flexible on that kind of thing and knowing response to markets, we used to have a tagline of being the world’s largest polypropylene producers but you can see that that is earnings one where the other we have a lot of volume but that’s not with no sense, I would like to comment on propane a bit that in the crack again the prices have come down, it’s a positive story but I have said in the past we are not continue to say the propane will overtime continue to modulate around cost accrued inviolate advantage right now and doesn’t pay to exporters much of it at this moment in time that’s there is plenty of export capacity in -- and some of that increasing, so propane isn’t the big story I think. I think it’s still cheaper thing but propane from time to time contributing. And we did say that propane is in our crack in the last two quarters in Europe because it does get exported there and does help us on a relative basis so compared to naphtha.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jim Gallogly: What we are doing the few things, so minor capital projects in Europe that bump add up a little bit more, it’s more favorable in the summer months then reduced in the winter months in our propane is really cheap right now some of that can extend down and there some exports happened that’s the plus for us so right now it’s been 35% or so which is pretty significant. I think it’s a nice plus and a biggest story there that was differential operating rates we are short monomer in our system so we are running extremely hard at 95% of main played and that much money in the bank.
Jim Gallogly: Yes, I think in the United States at this point in time there isn’t a need to try to do that, in Europe so far we have not done long term contracts with regard, certain deals sometimes with foreign producers because they recognize that it could get little bit competitive they would like to secure market outlets and so we have been able to negotiate some deals there for Europe but longer term we are kind of moving with the market more than not. 
Jim Gallogly: P.J. I don't really think there is going to happen. We look at our balances all the time. We are long ethylene, we are obviously adding some additional polyethylene capacity. We expanded Matagorda. We have got the new announced billion pound plant. We will look at who is trying to buy from us. Some of those people who are out there announcing new plants are really trying to negotiate different supply contracts, not all of that is going to come on. We are watching the balances, we are trying to make sure that we are in the right spot on all of that but I think we are well positioned. I don't think all of that is going to move the polyethylene. Historically it hasn’t done that. I have been in the business a lot of years. I know I am retiring now but I don't expect that to change dramatically.
Jim Gallogly: Yes, I am not going to give an estimate right now because we haven’t finalized those numbers. We have preliminary numbers but I am not ready to release those. Your point is valid that that labor market is still going to be tight but as you probably seen PO is a extremely tight, and well this POTB plant won't have the margins of our really early ethylene expansions the margins look very nice. The other thing to remember is that it's a POTBA plant. And while PO is going to be short we think and obviously very short right now because this is supply by competitors the TBA molecule going into the oxyfuels we think is going to be extremely important. That's volume of octane becomes more and more important and the margins have been good. We have customers who are demanding that extra product and so we feel pretty good about it. Also point out that a lot of that olefins construction 17, 18 we are going to be in that part way on this plant but we are bit on the back end of that with the 2019 so we will try to modularize few other things to keep the cost down but yes we are building it in the time when labor cost are going to be little bit higher.
Jim Gallogly: Nils, first I am not going to assume it stays that low. What happens on that, it's fairly a short list phenomena so far and we will see how that develops overtime but we still have a significant ethylene advantage in the United States, obviously our shares came down fairly dramatically with the reduction of oil price. So I think it's even better buying opportunity, we like our share repurchase program and we think we have a bright future. So our (inaudible) continuing with that. 
Jim Gallogly: Well we expect to be able to sell every pound of ethylene that we can make. We have been able to demonstrate that’s the case in the last couple of years and polyethylene seasonally comes down in United States but we have also been able to sell those pounds so sometimes it impacts margins so far as of today the market is extremely tight in the United States so we will see what happens later on price starts to show up in our margins but so far so good.
Jim Gallogly: Frank, the first, I won't be so bold to predict oil price, I wasn’t very good when I was an EMP guy and I probably haven't got any better, when you look at the track record oil has been more above 100 and under in recent time. So we will see where that goes. In terms of where the margins are in the third quarter we had exceptionally tight supply-demand issues competitors that had unplanned averages that were significant, that continues into the fourth quarter. In addition there has been some turnaround activities. There is a lot of capacity down right now and so those of us who can run are great spot prices, we will be getting into contract discussions, contract price discussions shortly but again supply, demand is very, very tight. It's for good margins and contract has been still considerably under spot. There – it's good supply dynamics coming into the fourth quarter in the United States so your first part of the comment about how we are doing so far in the quarter that kind of record level, so far so good. 
Jim Gallogly: Well, we don't have all of our volumes contracted for. We have got the ability to flex with that Metathesis unit and so we spun that thing around early quickly into the spot market because there were some people desperate for pounds and we are happy to sell them those pounds so 15% was pretty bold. We didn’t get that extra 800 million pounds until the end of the quarter. And so it didn’t have that much impact on the quarter itself. That's kind of the fourth quarter item.
Jim Gallogly: Well, that's very, very high capital cost production and then once it's on, it does have some feedstock advantage in theory. The oil prices you have to double think about whether that make sense or not, and of course always remember that there is a lot of capacity going in the United States. It's still very, very significantly advantage that that's going to compete on the coast. Some of that stuff is more inland. So we will see how that all develops but it's people a bit of pause in China developing, projects at that kind of capital cost and even on the export of ethane you got to go build ships and do all of that and you start looking at that dynamic, it's better to have assets like we do that are cheap capital that are coming on now that are most guarantee that brilliant return. I think that strategy is working well for us.
Jim Gallogly: Well, the projects are already started. They will still be trying to get those projects done as quickly as possible and I don't think it's more to oil price because again folks who do these kinds of projects aren’t looking at three week or even three month type oil price. So they are more interesting what they view the longer term to be. So they are going to continue to progress those projects as quickly as they can but having said that cost are definitely higher and productivity definitely lower. So we will just see how quickly they get them on stream. We are feeling very good about having the Porte running now and couple of furnaces at Channelview or you know coming along very, very nicely with the push part of the year start-up and corporate is moving along nicely. So being early is a good thing. I think the project is as I have said before, that others have announced maybe a bit later than people expected to definitely more expensive than they originally forecast.
Jim Gallogly: Well, today I think it depends on the geography in the United States if you can run your running but people haven’t been running very well. I have seen some industries number that have an eight better in front of them instead of nine and that just shows how capacity has been down. We have been running our system obviously the 106 -- 96 we are running hard in United States that should continue well into the future. I don't expect that to change with advantage we have. In Europe, I think people in the mid 80s is about right.  In Europe at this moment, time depending up on which region you are in, is bit short here and some plan averages and some turnaround. So it's recently tight right now compared to where it's been. We have been in the high 90s in Europe because we are in Asia 80% kind of level maybe a little higher than that. So we will just see. Next year, we will see how the economy goes and that could push it up some I have seen some people forecasting getting in the 90% range. We will just see.  
Jim Gallogly: It depends on the economy. If the economy start to come back you will see that numbers soon and if it doesn’t its couple of years away probably.
Jim Gallogly: The right multiplier let me ask you who is running, you know it's the big issue is still how many plants are down that aren’t expected to be down in United States (inaudible) that margin really is. We have seen spectacular margins lately and there is a continued that probably not but having said that it continues to be strong you bet. I am not going to issue single number out there and say that's about what it's going to be but we still say it's very, very strong and I think you should assume that we will have that same correlation the global GDP on rates that we have seen in the past. 
Jim Gallogly: Well, whenever Naphtha prices and other feedstocks fall, we typically see some margin expansions because the way prices settle at the beginning of the month, I think recently there have been some indications that maybe there could be a better margin expansion because of tightness in certain of the hubs. We don't get the crackers much typically crackers much of the favorite feedstock in the winter months as we do in the summer. So we will see how that goes. We are watching the polymer volumes but as I said, so far those are holding up and as of this moment time we are running our crackers hard still. There is some seasonality toward the end of year at the holidays, that's very, very typical in Europe. I would be surprised if that didn’t happen again. But so far everything is shaping up okay.
Jim Gallogly: I am afraid we are just about out of time so I think we will just take one more call. I apologize to those we couldn’t take today. 
Jim Gallogly: Yes Hassan, PO has a good quarter volume strong, and pricing solid because of the competitor outage. That's going to continue for a while. People expect that to be well in the next year if not the whole of next year and so that well for the PO business. Frankly we can run up to our standards and some of the other assets. We restarted the methanol plant and I mentioned that we ran it at about 75% operates, this is the company who likes to set benchmark in most of our assets and so far that asset has not delivered. We have got to turn around plan for early next year to fix some of that. We have had an SGR issue kind of about every quarter we have to take a little bit of down time. We are working on permanent fix on that and then we had some issues on the methanol unit. So we hope to line ourselves out on that run. The EO unit had an issue too. We had some unexpected down time. That unit has been extremely reliable up to this point in time but we had an exchange, we did some pretty clever things to get it back on line. It's running now and so that's corrected itself for now. But that down time in addition to the price fall is why we missed. So it’s a bit tough but there is some capacity also down in Europe which it should snug it, we will see what happens on benzene, olefins prices has gone up. Good thing for us generally but it hurt out margins. So I would expect, frankly in my view had a miss because we didn’t run very well and that's who we are.
Jim Gallogly: Yes we are still studying. I don't – I wouldn’t say I am more positive, less positive on it at all. I think obviously the transaction that's been in the market has performed well. We are different company of different tax position, different size, variety of things that influence that but we are watching studying some more and obviously we can't file anything today but we have had and the team is busy at work making sure we understand all the implications of the potential and we’ll go from there.
Jim Gallogly: Okay. Let me make a few closing comments then. We just finished another great quarter of best ever and what we know we have oil price volatility, we know what to do about that. For instance in the United States we had the blow out and spot prices we step quickly into that market there shut down our flux unit and put a lot of cash in the bank we historically have operated our assets very close to name plates sometimes you recall that we ran our crack which is over 100% for whole annual period about a year ago, we know how to control our cost it’s absolutely part of whom we are as a company we talk about flat to following cost every year. We’ve been early in delivering our growth projects if it related it’s by weeks it’s not by months it’s not by years and we bringing those projects in at a point in time that’s wonderful in terms of margins. We’ve got a great balance sheet, we’ve been buying back our shares, we think there is another buying opportunity today with the prices that are down. And so we feel extremely good about our future. I have announced my retirement I’d like to thank all of you for the support that you have given me through the years, I commented that I came to help to create the best petrochemical company in the world, we are getting there. A bit more work to do but we are getting there. Thank you.
