Kenneth Lane: Thank you, Michael. Let's begin the segment discussions on Slide 12 with the performance of our Olefins and Polyolefins Americas segment. Fourth quarter O&P Americas EBITDA was $359 million. Prices and margins stabilized at the low levels we saw at the end of the third quarter. Market demand declined, and we also saw customer destocking during the quarter. That, combined with new polymer capacity resulted in well-supplied markets. We operated our assets at approximately 75% of nameplate capacity to match the reduced market demand and manage working capital. During January, we have seen modest improvements in domestic and export demand. Normalization of logistics constraints have facilitated increased export volumes. Also, moderating feedstock and energy costs are providing some margin tailwinds. As a result, we expect to operate our O&P Americas asset at an average of approximately 80% during the first quarter. Looking back at 2022, I want to highlight our progress on developing our Circulen business. We have established projects for classic waste sorting facilities that will be used to provide feedstock for our circular recover and certain the Revive product lines. We are also moving phoned our usage of olefins feedstocks produced from renewable sources such as used cooking oil. During 2022, we processed 15,000 tons of renewable feedstocks at our Channelview, Texas cracker, to produce ethylene, propylene and ultimately, polyethylene and polypropylene that we sold to customers at premium prices under our Circular brand. Last year, 4 of our U.S. manufacturing sites attained the ISCC Plus certification for certain grades of polyethylene and polypropylene. This enables LyondellBasell to offer customers mass balance certificates for these products and serve the market's rapidly growing demand. We are delivering these new circular new products to our customers and proving that polymers can be more sustainable and used in any application where virgin polymer is used. Now please turn to Slide 13 to review the performance of our Olefins and Polyolefins, Europe, Asia and International segment. In Europe, macroeconomic pressures were exacerbated by high inflation and energy costs that curtailed operations at our customers and pressured consumer demand. LyondellBasell operated our O&P assets at rates of approximately 60% during the fourth quarter. LIFO inventory charges were $50 million during the quarter. All of this combined to result in a fourth quarter EBITDA loss of $152 million. European energy costs have considerably moderated in January, and demand is showing some signs of improvement over the extremely low level seen in December. We have completed repairs and we started our integrated cracker in France at the end of 2022 and expect to operate our European assets at a rate of 80% during the first quarter. As in the Americas, we continue to focus on long-term strategies to support our Circulen and Low Carbon Solutions business in Europe and Asia. During October, we announced new partnerships for plastic waste sorting facilities in Germany and China, and a fully automated mechanical recycling facility in India. These partnerships will allow us to swiftly develop fit-for-purpose plants in each region to supply feedstocks for our circular products has served a rapidly growing market for circular solutions. In November, we announced our decision to move forward with engineering to build our first commercial scale advanced recycling plant in Germany. This plant will utilize LyondellBasell's proprietary MoReTec technology to convert plastic waste from our waste sorting facility into pyrolysis oil that can be used as a feedstock to produce new plastic resins in a circular process. We are moving rapidly to build circular and low-carbon solutions for our industry at an unmatched scale.  With that, I will turn the call over to Kim.
Kenneth Lane: Yes, that's right. We continue to operate the joint venture of technical minimums. We've seen -- in two weeks, we're seeing a little bit of improvement in consumer demand, but it's really far too early to say that that's going to continue. Margins are continuing to be challenged. So we're seeing red load spread there still. So even with that improvement of demand, it's not translating yet into improved spreads. So -- we're watching that very closely, of course, P.J.
Kenneth Lane: Thank you, Steve. Good question. And the other aspect that I would add, I mean, to what you -- to your question is, of course, also on the energy costs. As you know, I mean, energy costs have also moderated on a still very high level. [indiscernible] factor of 8 more expensive versus the United States, but at least, I mean, we're not at that peak anymore also helped them by the winter that has been very moderate so far in Europe. So I would hand over -- I mean, to give a bit more color to what is happening in the market to Ken.
Kenneth Lane: Yes. Thank you. And just to remind you, we did have that LIFO charge in the fourth quarter of $50 million. So -- but looking at what we see coming out of the fourth quarter, we hit a very low point there because demand was coming off, energy costs were high. They moderated at the end of the quarter, and we're seeing that continue in the first quarter. We also had our [indiscernible] fracker down during the fourth quarter. So -- that's why our operating rates were lower. Those repairs are complete, the fracker is back up. Similar to what we see in China, we're seeing some improvement in consumer demand. But again, I would say it's still early. Let's not call it a win yet, but we're definitely seeing some early signs of consumer demand improving there. So overall, the margin environment is going to improve mainly because of what Peter had said around the energy costs.
Kenneth Lane: Sure. Yes, I'll take that. Listen, NGL production continues to increase. So we expect that to be a tailwind, especially for our position here in North America. The oil and gas ratio is going to be continue -- or continue to be favorable for our portfolio. We don't see that really changing. We do expect there could be some strengthening in the oil price as we go through the year just as demand potentially comes back with China reopening. So all in all, I would say that the environment today should be better than where we were in the second half of last year around feedstock synergy in our portfolio.
Kenneth Lane: Yes, we are very close to that. Vincent, thank you for the question. Look, our view for the last 2 years is the demand for polyethylene in China has been relatively flat. So when you talk about a range of outcomes for 2023, if you look historically, after 2 years like that, you would expect to see a significant snapback in growth, but it doesn't mean that that's a guarantee. So you could see anything from flat to plus 8%. It's very hard to call. That's why that's one of the markets that we watch very closely just because it is largely the price that are in the market. And will drive the absorption of all the new capacity that has come on. But we'll watch it closely and hope to see some more signs of recovery in the near future and more to come.
Kenneth Lane: Alex, this is Ken. I'll take that question. We've -- during the quarter, we actually did see both as an industry but in LyondellBasell as well an increase in exports. Some of that was related to some improvement in demand overseas, some less imports coming into some of the closer markets like South America from other regions. But also the relief of some of those [indiscernible] logistics constraints that we were dealing with in the first 3 quarters of the year, it really started to free up in the fourth quarter. So I think that you're going to start to see that continue in the first quarter and we'll get back to a more normal level of exports for 2023.
Kenneth Lane: Yes. So look, I'm confident we've seen strength in the export market that we did not see last year. So that's a good indication. And I think I mentioned this on the third quarter earnings call, we've sort of seen prices come down to all those parity with export pricing. So as you see exports go up, you should see domestic prices moving up, and I'm confident then the first quarter, we're going to see some increases here.
Kimberly Foley: Thank you, Ken. Please turn to Slide 14 as we take a look at our intermediates and Derivatives segment. Fourth quarter EBITDA was $291 million. Styrene margins improved due to lower feedstock costs. Oxyfuel margins remained well above historical fourth quarter averages. Oxyfuel volumes declined as the timing of the vessel sailings resulted in unusually high third quarter volumes. We operated our assets at rates of approximately 75%. Our propylene oxide and styrene joint venture in the Netherlands is expected to restart this month after 3 months of downtime in response to volatile European energy costs and lower demand. We look forward to initial volumes from the new PO/TBA asset in Houston by the end of the quarter. We plan to operate our assets across the IND segment at approximately 80% in the first quarter. In January, we are encouraged by unseasonably strong oxyfuel margins with low butane feedstock costs and strong oxyfuel blend premiums. We expect relatively stable margins for the segment for the first quarter. We developed multiyear maintenance schedules to ensure that our plants can safely and reliably serve our customers. As it works out, 2023 will be a heavy year for maintenance across several of our PO/TBA assets. Maintenance is scheduled for 2 of our 3 PO/TBA plants at our Bayport, Texas facility in the second and fourth quarters. Our [indiscernible] PO/TBA facility in the Netherlands will also undergo maintenance from September through November. We expect the ramp-up in volumes of our new plant will be partially offset by loss production from this planned maintenance. Nonetheless, the incremental 2023 PO and TBA volumes should be sufficient to capture typical market growth. In 2024, we expect less scheduled maintenance and the full year of production from our new assets will provide additional volumes to serve market growth. Now let's turn to Slide 15 and discuss the results of the Refining segment. Fourth quarter EBITDA included a LIFO inventory valuation benefit of approximately $40 million. Results increased on higher margins and slightly higher volumes following the third of the planned maintenances, offset by the disruptions of the December freeze. In the fourth quarter, the Maya 2-1-1 spread modestly increased to $48 per barrel, remaining well above historical averages. Despite unplanned downtime, we operated the refinery at 85% of capacity with an average crude rate of 229,000 barrels per day. In January, the Maya 2-1-1 spreads have also been unseasonally strong at more than $50 per barrel, driven by strong discounts for heavy crudes. We expect to operate the refinery at approximately 85% of capacity in the first quarter. Finally, I would like to recognize our team at the refinery for finishing the year with 0 recordable injuries in 2022. This is the first time such a record has been achieved in the 104-year history of this facility. Our team is dedicated to safely and reliably operating these assets until we exit the business.  With that, I will turn it over to Torkel.
Kimberly Foley: I would just tell the audience that we're working through the detailed plans of how to do that. As you alluded, you can do that with a slow ramp down? Or are you going to do that by just pulling the plug on the 31st [of the year], and we're working through the different scenarios to make sure that we have the most efficient an effective shutdown in clearing process.
Kimberly Foley: Thank you, Peter. So as it relates to the propylene oxide side, yes, we're building a a slight bit of working capital as a contingency for the startup. But once the startup is successful, which we have tremendous confidence in that inventory level will come down. And we expect throughout the year to operate at about 85% capacity based on the modest demand we see in propylene oxide right now.
Peter Vanacker: It's a very broad question, of course. I mean, let me try to digest to put it in different buckets here. I mean, needless to say that when we talk about the demand for mature goods with high inflation rates, which are still high with interest rates that continue to go up with new house builds and houses being sold still being very -- a very low base, yes, it's clear that we expect that the demand for durable goods will continue to be at least for the foreseeable future depressed. What we have seen on the other hand side, as we have seen in other cycles, is that demand for nondurable goods is relatively stable, not to say, I mean, in certain areas, even strong. So that has led to the fact that we have given this guidance that we say, I mean, we are now operating in the Americas at 80% utilization. And Ken already talked about the European utilization rates, which was [indiscernible] at 80%. In the I&D, I mean, you know that we have a start-up of the PO/TBA sands, as we alluded to and Kim said, starting up at the end of this quarter, which will add, I mean, a bit more volumes of propylene oxide -- but let's not overreact on that either because we have, of course, our scheduled shutdowns, turnarounds that we have moved to the periods when we are starting up, I mean, the new facilities. Stock we'll be able to grow a bit, but operating assets currently is at 80%. Also here, a tick higher than it was at the end of last year.
Peter Vanacker: Answer your second question, of course, I mean, if you just do the math, then you make up to that conclusion. But let's not forget that in Europe, our teams have done an excellent job by also increasing prices on one hand side, on the other hand side, also implementing energy surcharges. So you can't actually net that out the way you did, Jeff.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. Thank you, Richard. This is Peter. Good question. The process -- I mean, the value enhancement program is ramping up quite impressively, I must say. We've done the major sites in the United States. And since the beginning of the year -- I mean the 2 major sites actually in Germany. We're expanding now also to other sites as we speak during the next quarters, both in the United States as well as in Europe. more than 3,000 projects that have been identified so far. And it goes, I mean, from areas in the manufacturing side to procurements to commercial excellence, supply chain management. So it's a very broad portfolio of different projects. We will give a couple of examples during the Capital Markets Day to make it more tangible. Today, we are mainly focusing on projects that have a very fast payback time, not so much projects that add and increase capacity, which is logical if you look at where the market is, but it is a continuous stage gate process that we have, where we continue to prioritize projects based upon the returns and based upon what we are seeing in the marketplace. So stay tuned, I would say, to get more specifics on a couple of examples on the 14th of March at the Capital Markets Day.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Duffy. I mean, let me split it up in 2 parts on your working capital question on the inventory question. First of all, Kim will give a bit of overview on the PO side. And then Kim can also talk about the olefins, polyolefins.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. So I talk a little bit about O&P, and I want to just echo what Michael. It's -- the teams have done an outstanding job in the fourth quarter managing our assets to be able to maximize cash flow and really focused on producing the products that we need to deliver with customers. We'll continue to do that going forward as we see markets improve, we will increase our operating rates to match that, and that may end up as Michael said, in markets taking working capital, but that's a good thing because we're going to have a stronger business as a result. But I'm just very proud of the team and everything that they did to manage that during the fourth quarter, which was quite a difficult time. To your question around increase in exports, we're going to continue to to see an increase in exports, I think, in general from the United States market or from the Gulf Coast market, just with all the new capacity coming on. As a company, we have been increasing the portion of exports for us as we ramp up the capacity with the new hypers assets. We're going to continue to see that happen. But clearly, our strategy around channels to market is to find the highest value customers and segments and that tends to be closer to home. So we're always trying to find more business here and we use the exports to really optimize the portfolio.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you very much, and thanks again. Very good questions, very thoughtful questions. And once again, I hope that you will join us on March 14 as we will then share how LyondellBasell will advance on our strategy and unlock substantial value over the coming years. As we have said in the prepared comments for this call, we have not waited until the Capital Markets Day. We have already put a lot of things into action. And the purpose of the Capital Markets Day is to go deeper into the more specifics on the different pillars of our new strategy. I wish you all a great weekend, and as usual, stay safe.
