Bhavesh V. Patel: Sure. I mean at this point we still see demand as being relatively strong. Arun, as you know when we have periods of macro volatility, oil price going up or down, it does impact sentiment. And so there are many inventory cycles that we see throughout the year. But if you step back from that demand has grown through the first half year over year in polyolefins globally in the 3% to 4% range. And the U.S. demand growth has been quite strong as has Asia. Europe I would argue has been constrained in Q2 because of less supply. So we're generally constructive on demand for the remainder of the year.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Well we expect that markets will be balanced in the second half. And it's difficult to forecast unplanned outages by definition. So my sense is that unplanned outages would create more tightness. So our focus is – continues to be on running our plants reliably and being commercially agile. So we're constructive for the second half.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Well we continue to monitor and discuss with our customers this $0.05 increase. And we'll just see how it plays out in the coming weeks.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Well as I had mentioned during our last call, Bob, we continue to develop our strategy and sharpen our thinking around the long-term plan for LyondellBasell. In the short term we continue to stay focused on delivering value to shareholders via our regular dividend as well as our share repurchase program. Our balance sheet is very strong. And so we'll continue to evaluate opportunities. In the meantime we're making an acquisition every day. We're buying our shares. And it's an acquisition that we're making at market price, and it's a company we know quite well.
Bhavesh V. Patel: So in the case of the NGL prices I happen to believe over the long run that they do tend to kind of equilibrate. In the case of propane certainly near term there's a lot of supply. Prices are depressed. We're going to increase propane cracking in the third quarter. We've implemented some pipeline improvements to be able to do that. Longer term, as we've discussed in prior calls, propane can be exported. There will be new PDH capacity coming. So my sense is that propane and ethane values will equilibrate and will compete to be part of the cracker feed slate.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Yeah, right. Thanks for the question, Vincent. When you think about Europe, the last two years, three years have been very difficult years. And it was not really a call on all of the capacity for most of the industry. Now we've been running more differentially in terms of operating rates over there. My sense is that since reliability was not at a premium, perhaps some of the maintenance were delayed. And so as demand became stronger this year with the weaker euro and some infrastructure spending coming back in Europe, the units didn't respond to the higher call on demand. So will that continue? Difficult to say. But my sense is that the units in Europe especially probably weren't prepared to run at very high rates. In our case – as you know I was over there for a few years, and we maintained our assets to run at full rates. And in fact we did run at full rates for the past two years. So difficult to predict whether the industry will catch up, or how this will evolve in the next 6 months to 12 months. But I can tell you at the company here, our focus continues on reliable safe operations. And we look – we start everyday; it sounds like yesterday, but how we perform today and tomorrow.
Bhavesh V. Patel: When you think about our share repurchase program, first of all from an execution standpoint we execute on a dollar basis. And so if you go back to Q1, because the share price was lower we bought back a lot more shares on a dollar-based program, which is what we do with our 10b5 plans. In Q2 we had the transition from the old plan to the new plan, as well as the share price was higher, so we bought back fewer shares. If you step back from the tactics, our focus and our pace has not really changed on share repurchase. It's more a just transitory and share price related.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Good morning, Duffy. In the case of the CFO we're advancing very well on this front. I can tell you it's a very high priority for the company and high priority for me personally. So we hope to report some news on that over the coming weeks or months. And in the case of I&D we have – well look, we have a lot of talent in the company. We have a lot of people that know the business well. We've appointed someone to run the I&D business under the new EVP. This gentlemen who's running I&D has been with the company for 23 years and have a lot of institutional knowledge. So and that generally goes for all management positions. We have a lot of good institutional knowledge in the company that provides great continuity.
Bhavesh V. Patel: No. I think we were impacted by the same weather in Houston. Unfortunately we haven't found a way to build a bubble over Channelview. So I would say that it's really about execution. I think our team at Channelview planned really well for both outages, and they executed the plan. In fact I have asked them to reconstruct how they did that. And that should become the new model in the company. So I think it's great planning and great execution.
Bhavesh V. Patel: I think most of it is inventory cycle. So if you think about Europe, in Q4 of 2014 there was a very significant inventory depletion going on. And you recall at that time the oil price was dropping. Right? So there was an expectation that the price next week would be lower. And so that's a period when converters tend to deplete inventory. And European converters likely ended with very, very low inventories. As the oil price bottomed and the expectation for price moved from decrease to increase, there was a fairly significant restocking that occurred in Q1, which probably overstated volumes in Q1. And in Q2 in Europe, because of all the unplanned outages, I think some of the demand was probably just constrained due to the lack of supply. So that's why I said earlier, if you just step back from the inventory cycles and look at year-over-year growth, it's fairly consistent across the world. And in the case of Europe polypropylene demand is up about 5% and polyethylene is about 1% year over year. In the case of the U.S. volume is up in Q2 just from seasonal factors. I don't think we had as much of an inventory cycle through year-end 2014 into 2015. Volumes are up as we've gone through the year in 2015 because of seasonality.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Well when we think about our strategy and growth going forward, our focus is on our core businesses, and so a large scale commodity integration. But I'll tell you, Hassan, the question that I ask is, whatever it is we would consider acquiring, how is it that we would make those assets better than the current owner in addition to the strategic fit and so on? So those are some of the filters that we use. And we have a certain capability in terms of how we operate and manage our costs. And to the extent that we can apply our model and create unique value with somebody else's assets, then we would consider those things.
Bhavesh V. Patel: So again our view is longer term that ethane and propane will reach more parity on a cost of ethylene basis. We're positioned to take advantage of cheaper propane. But if you think about our cracking capability, we have flexibility to crack a wide range of feedstocks. And that's what we aim for.
Bhavesh V. Patel: I think Asian margins, if you were asking about polyolefins, they're going to depend as much on supply/demand globally as they will on naphtha prices. And again our sense is that demand growth based on what we see in the first half of the year is solid. And it points to global balance to tight markets in Olefins & Polyolefins. And as far as the new MTO capacity, certainly that adds a little bit more self-sufficiency in the region. But we expect Asia and specifically China to still be a very large importer of polyolefins and specifically polyethylene.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Well I think that depends on how demand develops here and the rate of unplanned outages and so on. But there's a few things that I can tell you. There's not a lot of inventory in the chain. And our sense is that economic conditions are pretty good in the U.S. So the magnitude and timing just depends on how the market conditions play out.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Well oxyfuels should still be pretty strong through the summer. As you know that's driven a lot by gasoline blending and gasoline season. So we've still got another month or two months. And to the extent that butanes remain as cheap as they are, that adds extra boost to oxyfuel earnings. If you step back more broadly and look at supply/demand for octane, octane is pretty tight. And so that favors our oxyfuel business. So we think cheap butane, tight octane market favors oxyfuels over the long run.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Rest of I&D should be relatively stable. Styrene monomer has been doing pretty well. Our sense is that that strength in the near term should continue. David, I think the styrene business in general is really a proxy for the nature of our business. It has been underinvested for so long that the demand is finally catching up with supply. And you see more balance between supply and demand in styrene. So I expect consistency in the rest of the business through the year.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Good morning, Alex. In the case of our recent increase in propane cracking we have the ability to crack enough propane to produce 5% more of our ethylene from propane, as a result of the latest changes that we've made. Your second question about investing heavily to crack more propane. Again our sense is that NGL values will tend to equilibrate over time. And so we're going to continue to look for inexpensive high return quick projects that allow us to crack more propane. But I don't see us structurally shifting our portfolio for feedstocks focusing only on propane. We want to focus on cracking more NGLs and have the agility to be able to move from one NGL to another depending on the economics, so that we can capture the arbitrage quickly. And that has a lot to do with logistics and having the dedicated pipelines to be able to do that.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Well we continue to develop our projects on ethylene derivatives. We're very constructive on polyethylene long term. We think given the U.S. cost advantage on NGLs vis-à-vis the rest of the world, the cost of ethylene and polyethylene production should be very advantaged in the U.S. We see good demand growth. So to that extent we're advancing a couple of polyethylene expansion projects, one of which will employ our new technology, which will have capability to produce differentiated products. So we're advancing those projects very rapidly. We're continuing to study our – an expansion of our flex unit, which produces propylene from ethane. So all of those are still continuing. But I can tell you it's with an eye towards end markets, not just about consuming the ethylene that we're producing.
Bhavesh V. Patel: So I think, Frank, on styrene it just depends on how the unplanned outages play out. Right. So if there are further unplanned outages that could have an impact – I know the one POSM unit in the Netherlands will start up here in Q3. So my sense is that I don't think that's enough to tip the global supply/demand balance on the increment. Certainly more supply is coming.
Bhavesh V. Patel: So it's difficult to say. But as you can imagine the pressure to restart those is pretty high, given the margin environment. So we'll just have to see how the industry operates going forward. And difficult for me to forecast that.
Bhavesh V. Patel: It's possible. But you have to remember that investment in crackers takes a long time to realize, even if it is maintenance of existing crackers. Because if it's – if they have to order long lead equipment, it takes months, maybe a year to get some of the equipment in. And then they have to take a fairly substantial outage. So I suspect that if that were to happen structurally, we wouldn't see a shift until next year some time.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Hey good morning, Nils. It's just mix effects. I don't think there's anything specific in terms of the change from quarter to quarter. It could be product mix. It's export versus domestic sales. Those kind of things.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Again I think it's – in fact, Nils, I think it's difficult to assess exactly how that will go. But it's not – first of all it's not a large amount of capacity. It may or may not start up on time. Again our sense is that global operating rates are north of 90% or around 90%. So I don't think it'll have a tremendous impact on global markets.
Bhavesh V. Patel: Polypropylene demand has grown more than polyethylene demand this year globally. So it has been quite strong. Part of that is because polypropylene price and polyethylene price have come relatively closer together. So there could be a bit of product substitution on the incremental growth, and that occurs year over year. In the U.S. specifically with propylene price dropping and firm polypropylene markets, they do have a bit of margin expansion in polypropylene. Will that persist? Again polypropylene here has been underinvested. So as demand rises we reach operating rate environment where operating rates are north of 90%, and propane is cheap. So as long as that continues then I would say polypropylene margins are probably in a different regime than they were in the past.
Bhavesh V. Patel: So on the value of the advantaged feedstocks. In Q3 there was about $50 million of tailwind. In terms of CapEx we're executing at a very high rate right now in our growth plan. So truly about prioritization, how much can we get done? And so on. But I can tell you that we're executing at a fairly high level on capital this year. And the coming years will be very active for us. So our priority remains on U.S. expansions in cracker debottlenecks and in polyethylene.
Bhavesh V. Patel: If we have no further questions, then I want say thank you for your questions and let me close with a few remarks. First, we delivered record results in Q2. And we delivered our fifth consecutive quarter with EBITDA of $2 billion. Our priorities remain consistent. We're focused on safe, reliable, cost efficient operations. We aim to deliver relative outperformance in any market environment. We're continuing to execute on our growth program. As I've mentioned we just started up our Channelview debottleneck. We have Corpus Christi next year. We have another Channelview debottleneck and polyethylene expansions coming. From a shareholder perspective we remain committed to return value to shareholders by way of our next 10% share repurchase program. We expect to execute that over the next 10 months to 14 months. And our strategy and focus continue to prove very resilient in any market environment. So thank you for your interest in our company. And we'll speak with you again at the next call.
