Douglas J. Pike: Thank you, Brian. Well, hello and welcome to LyondellBasell’s second quarter 2012 teleconference. I’m joined today by Jim Gallogly, our CEO; Karyn Ovelmen, our CFO; and Sergey Vasnetsov, our Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Transactions. Before we begin the business discussion, I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call, and is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com. I'd also like you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, and these forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. And for more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are available at www.lyondellbasell.com/investorrelations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website, lyondellbasell.com. Finally, I'd like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2 pm Eastern Time today until 7 pm Eastern Time on August 27, by calling 866-418-8384 in the United States and 203-369-0754 outside the United States, and the passcode for both numbers is 2378. And during today's call, we'll focus on second quarter 2012 performance, the current environment, and the near-term outlook. With that being said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Jim.
Douglas J. Pike: Duffy, this is Doug. Regarding the olefins turnaround, as Jim mentioned, there is about 150 million pounds of production that we didn’t, so that's an opportunity that we really didn't have available to us in the quarter. So if you think of that, you think of the quarterly margins, that’s why you need to think how the impacts from the turnaround.
Douglas J. Pike: Gregg this is Doug. No, the $150 million that I referred to was the downtime of one of the olefin plants for the turnaround.
Douglas J. Pike: That's what that is. What we did in the turnaround, of course, is we've had a project to increase our ethane consumption at Channelview, and in each of the turnarounds last year, first olefins plant, this year the second olefins plant, we've made changes so we can swing our mix and increase by about 500 million pounds of equivalent ethylene from what would have been naphtha over to ethane.
James L. Gallogly: Well, Jeff, it’s always difficult to forecast NGL prices. You’re right that they have come up recently, some in the Midwest, some in the Gulf Coast, but if you look at ethane and propane inventories you’re going to see that they’re extremely high at this point in time, NGL prices have tracked up a little bit with gas prices and crude oil prices, but there is still, so strongly advantage in the United States that we’re quite optimistic about the future. We’ll see short-term volatility, but ethane price is still under $0.40 in the Gulf Coast and around $0.15 in the Midwest, so we’re in a good position.
James L. Gallogly: Well, I think next year you’ll see some product moving south, but I think there still will be an advantage in the Midwest. It won’t be as great as we see today. At this moment in time there is such an abundance of supply that the pricing has been as low as $0.02 a gallon. That price has moved up, as I mentioned, but there still is ethane rejection taking place. So that shows you just how long the market is.
James L. Gallogly: Well, there is a couple of things that happened when the overall complex of oil prices and gas prices start to increase again. People say, okay, we’ve hit that floor. It’s time to go and buy again, but the other thing that’s going on as we see a bit more export in a little bit by ourselves and quite a bit more by our competitors according to industry data. The U.S. is advantaged enough that we can move our product efficiently in other markets. LyondellBasell exported about 15%. Most of that was South versus to Asia. We had a very, very modest volume to Asia or Africa, just a couple percent. So, the good news is that the pricing advantage that we have here allows us to be an export platform and so we expect rates to remain pretty high in the U.S.
James L. Gallogly: Well, we're just working hard, Bob. I don't know what to say. I think some of that has to do, we always watch our pennies and nickels and how we contract or lawn on ethylene. If you look at who we sell the excess volumes still a lot of that goes spot and so that may be spot has been above contract a fair amount and so that maybe part of that answer.
James L. Gallogly: Well, there is a few things. I think if you look at the demand side of the equation, because of the turnaround it was light in the first quarter, but in the second quarter most of the turnarounds were done most people were operating reasonably well. There is a couple of plants down at the moment; one in turnaround, one was an operational difficulty associated with the pipeline. But the volumes of demand are slightly down from where people would expect. Bu one of the big positives has been, propane has come into the mix in a big way and it's a comparable crack to ethane at this point in time. So with that going on, you're seeing very substantial builds in ethane and propane inventories which have held prices down. What could go wrong? Well, I'm feeling pretty good about it near-term, and it's a bit hard to forecast this stuff. As you know, ethane prices dropped, our NGL prices about 50%; since the end of last year pretty amazing, so with that kind of movement it's very unpredictable, there is a lot of chop, but when you look at the fundamentals it looks good through the rest of the year. 
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, we're still thinking about it, P.J., but our basic strategy has been to get debottlenecks that are significant down early. La Porte is a $800 million plus expansion. We talked about the timing of that. I hope to have that one paid for before that first new cracker is built by any of the third party. We're also looking at some debottlenecks adding furnaces at other locations, and that's been our emphasis. The way we're thinking about it, is if we can bring on these debottlenecks and the $0.45 in annual pound range versus $0.75 plus annual pound range for new builds and get them into the market a year or two earlier than another folks, we're going to have better than the equivalent of a new grassroots cracker when you look at the economic impact. So, we think our strategy makes sense. We're starting supply-demand NGL balances later in the period and trying to decide whether it makes sense for us to join the fray with a new build. There are certainly a lot of people who have come to us and said, you're good operators and we like to partner with you. But we have not reached a conclusion yet on whether that makes sense and would be the kind of return that we would want for our investors. I really believe that some of these crackers are going to come later and be more expensive than people are talking about at this point in time, and so our emphasis is debottleneck and get it done.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, the propylene oxide demand is been a little bit weaker in Asia and there has been a new plant on board and they've been trying to put volume into that market, which has affected pricing. Europe’s been okay, the United States has been okay. Feels a little weaker, but it’s a pretty steady performer and we've got some very sound customers with some pretty solid demand and we’ve been okay.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah. Let me first talk about Europe, we said that we would take about $200 million out of the cost structure, and that’s on plan. We’ve had a pretty big reorganization. Now having said that, given that the tough environment over there, we’re increasing our initiatives to take costs out, it takes longer in Europe we have works councils to deal with, but we are reinvigorated on that, but more to come. I didn’t mention that Mike VanDerSnick is taking over our European Manufacturing Operations, and I’ve asked him to look very hard at all of our costs, and see if there is any room for us to further improve. As you know, Europe is a fairly high cost environment in general, and while we’re very competitive, our goal is to be the top competitor, and so we’ll be looking at everything in the way that we operate, and the money that we spend there. In terms of environmental permits, I think a few things have been missed in the U.S. expansions. First, it does take a fair amount of time in any event to get an environmental permit. I think if you look at who’s filed permit requests on these new crackers and some other things you’ll find that, a lot of the announced projects are not even at the stage where they have filed for a permit. For seconds and all in line and couple of others have now filed for permits, but we think there is an advantage to being early, and so that was a key component of our strategy. We’re not behind at this stage. These permits take time. We have no reason to believe that we’re going to be late in getting permits, but I’ll just say it’s always a bit complex to do so. We are in non-attainment areas and we have to make sure that were bringing the best available controlled technologies to the table. We have some credits, but we’re very actively engaged in it, and hope that we’ll be one of the first to get our permits. But again, if you look at who’s filed and all there is quite a few people who have nice capacity, and yet to file their first permit application.
James L. Gallogly: No Duffy, it won't change our decision making. Whenever we make a call on that, we actually compare our isobutylene margins or MTBE, ETBE margins. We stack up the profitability by market segment, by customer, and make conscious decisions. Even when that business was part of Refining & Oxyfuels, before it moved to I&D, we still did that analysis. And so, I saw a comparison in a review earlier this week, and the thing that I’m excited about is that, we've been able to move up a lot of the value equation in the Oxyfuels. Some of that goes into a very, very long Japanese contract. It's a decent margin. And so, I think that business has been well run, and the decision-making is very economic-based.
James L. Gallogly: Well, we run our refinery very hard. You’ll see that we’re running basically at capacities, some days over the nameplate, and that has been a positive trend. That was not the case with our refinery a couple of years ago as you’ll remember. We’ve now been very, very reliable. So, it’s being able to take advantage knowing we’ll probably be running. We worked that part very hard. But we also just have a different buying philosophy than we did a couple of years ago. We’ve changed out a lot of the team members in refining, and we’re just a lot smarter in our crude sourcing. Now going forward longer-term, I’m looking forward to crude coming from Canada, whether it’s sin bed or dual bed, I think that’s going to be very, very powerful for certain Gulf Coast refineries like ours that can take that crude and process it efficiently, we’re very optimistic about that when it comes down in larger volumes.Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Company:  Thank you.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, Vincent, I think that there will be more propane exports going forward. At this point in time the U.S. industry is logistically constrained to move a lot more volume. There is a pricing reason to try to move the volume, but like many things as people solve the problems on logistics, there will be more propane export should start to closer to a world price. Our European operations can track some of it. Generally, we have naphtha-based crude fee there, but we’re starting to run more condensates. We’ll start to run more propanes and that should help us a bit.
James L. Gallogly: We can take some. We have not been able to quantify that specifically. A lot of times you have to go in and run push tests and just see how things run and go from there.
James L. Gallogly: So we don’t provide that level of detail, but we should be running that crude here in the third quarter.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, we have two items Bayport PO/TBA and Wesseling one of our crackers in Germany is coming up for turnaround in the third quarter. As we mentioned in the call, we don't expect those to be significant financial implications because we’ve built some inventory and thought through well in advance to be prepared for those.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
James L. Gallogly: And at the end of the year?Bill Hoffman – RBC Capital Markets: Well, yeah, towards the end of the year, right.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, I think, in the given time, I think, we just feel to take questions from just two more people.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, you're right. There has been some benefit to that. We do have some fractionation capability and we've done some work on the furnaces to be able to separate streams and optimize around unique furnaces as part of turnaround programs. So, we're better equipped to take advantage of that mix than we were, say a year ago. It has given us a little bit of a boost, but those market swings come and go within days. I would tell you though that we optimize our feed slate basically every hour. We're always looking to see where the market is going and what we ought to be running and switching our furnaces around. We think that agility is part of the reason we have some pretty good margins. We work that extremely hard and pay attention of those market dynamics at any moment in time.
James L. Gallogly: Well, right now we really don't have Brent in our crack in the Gulf Coast and you don't see it a whole lot. You see some of the LLS’s and things in the Gulf Coast. But in terms of what comes down from Canada, a lot of that has been moving into the Midwest because of the pipeline availability. You've seen so much in the news about the keystone pipeline and we really would like to see that build. We have been finding other ways to get certain amount of crude down to us. You had seaway get reversed. There is a few things we can do to get some barrels, but we certainly would like to see a lot more. And frankly for the good of our country, we'd like to see that investment made. 2014 you'll see a little more of that crude showing up I expect, but few things have to happen politically to get that done.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, actually more is due to big turnaround last year, and we – as a result of that turnaround, you've seen the volume show up a little bit better. We're kind of limited sometimes on the backside by derivatives and the ability to use it all. So, some slight increment – we're looking at about $2.3 billion between Clinton and Morris. Clinton has turnaround next year. So, we don't have a turnaround in third quarter of either of those two crackers.
James L. Gallogly: Well, various people have different views. I'd just tell you that I'm a little more optimistic than some on crude cracks. If some of the capacity that's been taken out stays out, that should speak favorably to U.S. refining dynamics. We'll see how that happens. We have been able to export. The industry overall is competitive enough for various reasons that we've been able to export, even a little bit of gasoline has moved by some of our competitors over to Europe. So that's kind of an unusual trend. The crude oil from Canada can be a powerful thing for refineries that have the ability to crack synbit or dilbit like we have the ability to do, and so longer-term, I think that asset will see an increased advantage. Near term, refinery cracks and all are somewhat dependent on oil pricing, volatility, variety of things like that and the ability to pick up distressed cargos in the meantime. So, might have we just okay right now. Coke product prices, not very good at all. So, this is a very tough one to predict, but I think longer-term the trend is positive.
James L. Gallogly: All right. So let me make a few final comments. As I mentioned, this is the best quarter we ever had on an adjusted basis, and a very tough economic environment. We ran safely. We ran reliably. We managed our cost. We took advantage of market opportunities that presented themselves. We’re progressing a very nice slate of growth projects. We are trying to get those to the market early and take advantage of the conditions that we see, particularly in the United States. I think we continue to be on the path of becoming the world’s top commodity petrochemical company and that’s been our goal. We’re starting to be really good at this business. We have some room to get better, and it’s our job to accomplish that every day. Thank you for your attention.
