Douglas J. Pike: Thank you, Cory. Welcome to LyondellBasell's First Quarter 2013 Teleconference. And I'm joined today by Jim Gallogly, our CEO; Karyn Ovelmen, our CFO; and Sergey Vasnetsov, our Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Transactions. Before we begin the business discussion, I'd like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today's call and is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com. I'd also like for you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and these forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management, which are believed to be reasonable at the time made, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. For more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports, which are available at lyondellbasell.com/investorrelations. And reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures, together with any other applicable disclosures, including the earnings release, are currently available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com. Now finally, I'd like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today until 11 p.m. Eastern Time on May 26 by calling (800) 469-5439 in the United States and (203) 369-3805 outside of the United States, and the pass code for both numbers is 3102. Now during today's call, we'll focus on first quarter 2013 performance, the current environment and the near-term outlook. And with that being said, I'd now like to turn the call over to Jim.
Douglas J. Pike: Chris, I'll just add, I think, to that. I think as you see the quarter, we saw the volatility in naphtha, we saw some pricing improvements and moves. But during the Investor Day, I think Bob Patel brought forward some of the cost restructuring items and some of the items on the efficiencies that the group over there has been working on. So I might refer you back to that for some of those efficiencies that we're building over in that area.
Douglas J. Pike: Let me give you some thoughts on the MTBE and butane, Charlie. When you think about MTBE and the Oxyfuels, it's about a gallon of butane per gallon of Oxyfuels, so you're really looking at a simple formula between the costs -- the price of gasoline and the cost of butane. So that's going to be the core driver there. Some of our materials, when you look at our volumes, we're also in the market, buying and reselling as we balance the market, be sure we can optimize systems and have flexibility. We have contracts, of course, a big contract with Japan. So not everything floats everyday with the market volumetrically. But just look at it as a simple -- a gallon of butane to a gallon of MTBE for that.
Douglas J. Pike: Barrett, this is Doug. I think what we've done is we're using a strict EBITDA definition. The use of having the dividend as part of the EBITDA is really more of a cash-driven thing, which really is a historic thing from the company's history, where EBITDA and cash flow were a focus of people. Really, what we were doing with this is it'll go straight up the income statement. You'll see the equity pick up from the JVs. As you know, dividends are always a bit lumpier anyway, so you'll see an income presentation really of the EBITDA. As Karyn said, we'll continue in the earning release with Table 2. That will highlight things that you can make your own decisions on, but we'll highlight some items that, if there are any in the quarter, things such as impairments and things. I just -- to everybody on the phone, we have put a reconciliation out on the website of the past. And I think you'll see it's very clear to see what changes in periods and over the years, going back through to 2010. So I hope everything is clear to everybody, and if you have any questions, just give me a call, I'd be happy to help anyone out.
Douglas J. Pike: Barrett, I think that's $775 million in the earnings release -- no, excuse me, is related to the methanol, the expansion at La Porte and also the added processing and operating flexibility at the refinery. That's staying very consistent with what we brought forward. So for more details, I'd refer you back to our Investor Day. So as those projects complete, methanol will be the end of this year, La Porte will be next year. And of course, the Refining, with the turnaround complete, that flexibility is in the system now and we'll see how the market moves forward. So we're now in a much stronger position to respond to a transitioning market in U.S. groups.
Douglas J. Pike: Brian, MTBE typically is seasonal, so what you will often will see that we will be a little stronger sales in the second and third quarter versus the first and fourth, as we manage inventories and manage the system there. We also -- it's a product where you do, do catalyst changes periodically, so that will also change on a period-to-period volumes. But I think the key thing to remember here is, we're running our PO/TBA plans full. That's really the priority within the intermediate system. So we're producing the raw materials at the same pace that we have been at. And we'll bring those to market with the same kind of flexibility and optimization between the various options of chemical markets and fuels markets. So that's what you're seeing really in the first quarter is one of those types of decisions, not a production-based decision.
James L. Gallogly: Thank you for joining our earnings call. As Doug mentioned, a set of presentation slides accompanies this call and is available on our website. Let's take a look at Slide #4 and review a few financial highlights. Overall, the first quarter of 2013 was a good start to the year, as we generated nearly $1.6 billion of EBITDA. This led to income from continuing operations of $906 million and record diluted earnings per share of $1.56. The fundamentals that benefited us over the past several years continued to drive our success. Carriers of strength were North American ethylene margins and production, and continued steady performance from the Intermediates & Derivatives segment. Along with strong earnings, we passed several important milestones during the quarter. Our credit rating was raised to investment grade. We received environmental permits and began construction of our methanol plant restart at Channelview and the ethylene expansion project at La Porte. We also completed a major turnaround at the Houston refinery. If you turn to Slide #5, you will see that our safety results for the first quarter were best ever. Performance in this area continued our positive trend. Our recordable injury rate declined to 0.12, perhaps the best in our industry. Environmental and process safety results were also very good during the quarter. We understand that great safety performance is not realized on a quarterly basis. It must be top-of-mind for all our employees and contractors everyday. We will continue to stay focused on improving our safety and environmental performance. I'd like to now turn the call over to Karyn to discuss our financial performance.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, Jeff. First, on the question of ethylene production in our U.S. Operations, we've actually operated above nameplate the last 3 quarters. We are cracking a lighter slate. That improves our ethylene yield. It's a little higher furnace temperatures in all, but we don't expect that to have a long-term impact. We already normally do our decoking operations and things are pretty typical. So that's very, very unusual. I think exemplary performance by our people and I couldn't be prouder of that kind of a record. I haven't seen that for a long time in our industry, and I personally think we are showing very differential performance in our ethylene operation, our time and margins are great. And in terms of our crude slate at the Houston refinery, we just came out of that turnaround. One of the reasons we are working on that crude unit for a couple of months is we basically replumbed it so that we could take some of the lighter crudes. I think, depending upon how we blend and all, we could probably run about 20% light-type crudes, but there's a lot of factors that go into how we operate blending rates and all of that, but I think that's a reasonable rule of thumb.
James L. Gallogly: Well, right now, we're running, obviously, better than 100% in the United States. And every pound we've make, we've been able to sell, so we see no reason to think differently about that. In terms of our global operating rates, we've been operating in the mid-80% range. Remember that we're structurally a bit short in Europe, and so we can differentially run our assets a bit harder, depending upon which one of the pods we're in, so to speak, within the geographies there in Europe. But I don't see a reason to change anything at this point in time. Market conditions in Europe are reasonably stressed, as we indicated, and Asia has been reasonably flat for a bit. So we hope that there's some upside at some point in time, but that will depend on the economy.
James L. Gallogly: Well, I think we had differential performance in Europe. I haven't had a chance to review everybody's numbers yet because not all of those are out. But if I look at where we stand versus some of our competitors, I think we ran reasonably well. And we pride ourselves on chasing value, not volume. And I think our results look pretty good. We did benefit from some of the timing issues during the quarter, but hopefully, we surprised everybody with better-than-expected numbers in Europe. We do have continued restructuring efforts underway. We're in discussions with the works councils, and we're going to be pressing very, very hard to get that cost structure even further improved in Europe.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. First, we do sell product into Asia, but primarily from the Middle East. We sell a few specialized products from Europe into Asia that are extremely high value. But generally, the product we move into Asia comes from the Middle East, with significantly advantaged cost structure. We haven't been able to consistently move the product. In the United States, the last period, we've been selling more 12% to 13% exports primarily into South America, so we've actually decreased our exports and sold more domestically. When will Asia improve? As I mentioned in my previous remarks, generally, we see buying patterns, when naphtha prices are falling, customers will wait to see what's going on and withhold full volumes and work off of inventories a bit. We expect some of that's going on, but it's just a bit early to predict how the rest of the year will go.
James L. Gallogly: Well, you have to think really, really back in history to get to 1.4x. I haven't seen that number for awhile, but a lot of people just say it's GDP plus or minus a bit, depending upon what the geography and what the economy is. I don't think much has changed on that recently.
James L. Gallogly: Well, generally, no. A lot of our facilities are close to Bellevue, and so it really isn't necessary. There's been a lot of capacity added there. Down at Corpus, this was a unique opportunity for us to work with a third-party to diversify our supply. But the plant, actually on our facilities, operated for them and we think we're seeing a nice feedstock advantage as a result of that. We're not at liberty to tell the pricing because that's a confidential contractual matter, but obviously, we consider it quite favorable to us.
James L. Gallogly: Well, I don't think so. I think, again, we've been able to move our volumes effectively from the Middle East into Asia. And in the United States, we've actually kind of increased our domestic volumes and exported a little less. We just have to see how the rest of the year plays out. It's a bit early yet. We're certainly not in peak-type conditions in the summertime.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, I don't have that number broken down that way to say what percentage is what. There was a lot of movement, obviously, in naphtha pricing across the quarter and our timing was pretty effective. But generally, we work all of our costs across the period. There's no new single large item that I could report, and our cost-reduction effort is just continuing relentless pursuit of a better cost structure there. So I can't say that there is a unique item on cost to differentiate it. It's more how we perform against the general market.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, well, you're tough on us because we have above nameplates for 3 quarters in a row and you're wondering will we have more. I don't if we can do that much more than we've already been able to accomplish. So the volume side, we've operated really well, and we've been able to move the product. We have a very flexible system. You can see that we've got our NGL rates up to 87%, which is outstanding. We've got more ethane coming in to Channelview, about another 10,000 barrels per day, as a result of a new pump we've put in, new line. So that's moving Channelview's feedstock even lighter. We feel good about that. In terms of the value adds, we'll go in and out of markets pretty quickly. For instance, if spot moves up, it fell almost $0.10 and then moved right back up with some operating issues, and so then we're in the spot markets and out of running metathesis. We'll watch the polyethylene trends. And generally, we'd rather sell to a competitor spot than make polyethylene these days. But those are decisions we make everyday.
James L. Gallogly: Well, the pricing is just settling in Europe, as we speak, and then we'll have to watch and see what happens with naphtha pricing for May. April numbers, you've seen the trend lines already, so we'll just have to see how the quarter develops. But there's still some continued volatility in the pricing. Naphtha has been reasonably inexpensive, but again, May should be settling very, very shortly if it hasn't settled overnight.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, on the feedstock in Europe, we are running more condensates than we did, particularly at Berre, and by the way, we're running Berre full out. As you know, our competitor had a plant incident in that region, and as a result, ethylene is extremely short. And we're running full rates, running some condensates. We've been moving butanes into our cracks and propanes. We're cracking a little lighter than we did before, but remember that we're buying NGLs there more at world prices versus the discounts that you see in the United States. So you have to be careful in terms of the expectations on that. But generally, lighter, improving the mix. A couple of our crackers already had some advantage from some of the heavier streams, hydro wax, things like that, that have always been a bit of a plus for us. Let's see, the second -- well, the JV dividends, there's not a new trend there per se. Obviously, we're reporting those differently in EBITDA, Karyn explained that. So you're seeing not just the dividend stream but the earnings from our joint ventures. But the dividends, I don't -- I expect those to continue to be fairly lumpy. We didn't have any of that cash in Europe in the first quarter. I also had mentioned, it's not just the Middle East, it's also some Asian JVs will give us dividends from time to time. But first quarter didn't have any of those.
James L. Gallogly: Well, I've seen some writeups on that and I'm a little skeptical. It's theoretically possible, but right now, it seems like ethane will continue to be advantaged. We're in rejection periods right now in certain geographies. In terms of naphtha coming down, differentially, we've got to get into the gasoline pool to figure that one out. Gasoline prices have been reasonably strong in the first quarter. I think octane is going to have more value going forward. So I just -- I've read a little bit about that, but I'm scratching my head. I'm not sure I agree with all the premises at this point.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. I think there have been some recent closure announcements. We consider that a positive for the European industry. I wouldn't call it material at this point, but it's -- all these closures are helpful to us. I think that concept of ethane import into Europe is going to be something that will be small and unique, not a major trend. It just hasn't happened in other parts of the world on a large scale, and it's generally not cost-effective unless you have some unique assets and abilities that you've already paid for in past years. So I don't think that's a trend line to watch. Europe is going to be -- until the economy improves, it'll be a place we'll just have to operate very effectively, continue to reduce our costs, and that's exactly what we're doing.
James L. Gallogly: Well, there are some capacity additions kind of in Central China. That product kind of stays in Central China versus on the coast. There are some additions there, but I think the bulk of the future growth is going to be here in the United States with a mind toward export.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, the PDH unit originally had some issues with catalysts. It's one of the largest units ever built. And we generally have resolved that issue with the technology provider, so that's in much better shape. Our polypropylene unit is one of our advanced units, and it also runs extremely well. There have been some operational issues from time to time, with power blips, an occasional utility issue. But compared to where we started a couple of years ago, that plant has improved its operations, although as a company, we're pretty much into the expectation of perfect operations, and it doesn't yet meet that standard.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, butane prices have come down pretty hard, and they're starting to show up in the crack. Over the last days, they've been in there -- in the kind of same type economics as propane. And so we have been taking butane into the crack a bit more. Of course, discounted butane prices are also very good to our Oxyfuels business through MTBEs, so we consider that a very, very positive development. Now in all of this, I'll always remind everybody that certain of the heavier NGLs can be exported, and some of that is being exported. But at this moment in time, more of that has been propane than the butanes. And so it's something -- that's a trend, as I've mentioned a couple of times before publicly, has to be watched pretty carefully.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. Well, it continues to be intense. But a couple of insights on how we look at that. First, remember that we have assets that went through a bankruptcy process and were written down. And so we have unique tax issues on the front end of -- or at some point, we are a different taxpaying entity than some of our competitors because of the bankruptcy process. So that's one consideration that we have to look at very, very carefully with each individual asset. The second is, while we have a fair amount of infrastructure, that's the kind of assets that typically dropped into that kind of thing, most of our pipelines and all are very, very uniquely strategic to us and not common carrier lines. And so we have some of that, but probably not enough to be something that would fully flesh out an MLP. So we're considering various options. But at this point in time, we're still in the study mode. Taxes are a unique issue, though.
James L. Gallogly: Well, we're all about capital efficiency and one of the reasons we were so early to file permit applications for our debottlenecks is because we assumed that construction resources wouldn't begin to get more stressed in the Gulf Coast following the announcements of a lot of big crackers. So our strategy has been get the permits early, do the debottlenecks, get the assets running, get the cash generated and have the assets paid for before anybody else starts up their new capacity. And so I would expect that domestic investment to trail off. We've announced the projects that we're intending to do and we've got a base amount of capital that's gone $600 million, $700 million, in the early days, up to $800 million. That's coming off as we've gotten a lot of our big turnarounds behind us. So we're very focused on the next couple of years getting these projects done before the wave of activity hits and the cost go up significantly.
James L. Gallogly: I would expect that our -- we haven't announced anything additional at this point. Maybe there's something in the second wave in terms of a combo cracker as we've said before, but we're building the equivalent of a full-size cracker in our debottlenecks, but we need to get it done early.
James L. Gallogly: Well, that all depends on where gasoline distillate prices are. But I can tell you, a couple of days ago when I talked to Kevin, we're at 290,000 barrels a day. When we're cracking a little lighter, you can run your rates up pretty hard, and so we're making quite a bit of gasoline at this moment in time. Lighter crude slates move that up, a little less on -- by co-products [ph] on the back-end, but a little less coke today is probably a good thing. And given where some of the gas pricing is, it's better not to make as much of that. So a little lighter. Hopefully, that will improve our spreads, but it's -- everyday, we re-optimize.
James L. Gallogly: Well, that one is a real tough question, but let me give you a bit of a twist on that. I know that most people would say, the lower the natural gas price, the better. And that's somewhat true when you look at our utility costs and all. Low natural gas prices, $1 in MMbtu is about $275 million of operating costs. But we like cheap ethanes, and I've said in various industry forums that a price in the $4.50 range is really pretty optimum for the chemical business, because that means that a lot of the fields that are dryer gas will be profitable for those E&P operators, that will bring on even more natural gas liquids. And so that's favorable to us. So these kind of gas prices, I'm just fine with. I think it helps us on our liquids. And overall, as we've done our own internal math, natural gas liquids prices being low is better for us than cheap methane.
James L. Gallogly: So the that's a pretty good formula. Obviously, cheaper butane helps us in that business and helps us in our crack. I don't have a specific number for you per se, because, again, as Doug indicated, it has to be against gasoline prices and octane values. In terms of other feedstocks besides naphtha, we're running South Texas condensates both at Corpus and up at Channelview, and we've had nice discounts. We're not able to describe those because of contractual terms. But as you know, they're long. And we've been able to bring up pretty significant volumes, to the point we're basically cracking domestic condensates and not any imports. So it's been a plus for us and we expect that to continue.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. Generally, what we're trying to do here is, the income is pretty steady from the joint ventures, whereas the dividend is pretty lumpy. So hopefully, this helps everybody understand the value of those joint ventures better.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, and for everybody's recollection, those numbers were based on 2012 historic margins, just so you'd have a basis upon which to calculate.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. Of course, that market has been extremely volatile. But kind of our internal rule of thumb based on what we see today is kind of an annual $100 million to $150 million kind of based on current pricing. But we'll just have to see how that all develops. Again, we would expect that those RINS would be passed on to the marketplace over time. We think some of that is being passed on. But how much, it's just a tough thing to calculate so early in the process. But obviously we didn't see that in the fourth quarter and we're now seeing that. We'll see how long the trend lasts.
James L. Gallogly: Yes. And, Brian, if you look at the first quarter of last year, we saw some really strong earnings, but there was some very unusual sales that were made, because there was a lot of pull in South America at that time, there was a competitor outage, a few things that were going on in the market that we reported in that quarter. We said we had high volumes for the first quarter in the year. We've got a butane advantage today. And the margins are nice, and that's a very strong business. We feel good about it. And ultimately, we think octane is going to be more and more valuable in the fuel pool [ph] and we're excited about having -- being the #1 producer of Oxyfuels in the world. Okay. Well, I think we've answered all of the questions. We very much appreciate your interest in our company. We did have record earnings per share, very, very strong olefin results in the Americas, steady I&D performance. I think a solid quarter to begin 2013. We look forward to updating you on our plans following the shareholder meeting. I know that there's a great deal of expectation around that, and we will be back to you before long. Thank you very much.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Thanks, Jim. Before I begin my discussion of results, I want to remind you that we have modified our presentation of EBITDA and we have issued reconciliations of historic results to help your modeling. These can be found on our website. Please turn to Slide 6, which shows our first quarter EBITDA by segment. The quarter generally reflected the trends and conditions that prevailed throughout 2012. O&P-Americas generated record EBITDA of $898 million. The combination of continued strong ethylene margins and production drove these results. O&P-EAI EBITDA was $225 million. This was a significant improvement versus late 2012. However, the improvement was predominantly driven by raw material cost variability rather than underlying fundamentals. The Intermediates & Derivatives segment generated EBITDA of $373 million, reflecting steady chemical and Oxyfuel results. Refining segment EBITDA, $20 million, was negatively impacted by the turnaround of the coker and our crude unit. This significant planned maintenance efforts spanned almost 2 months and reduced the average quarterly crude oil throughput by approximately 85,000 barrels per day. While this impacted the first quarter, it positions the refinery well for the future. On the right side of the slide, we have plotted segment EBITDA for the last 12 months. Generally, trends were quite consistent across the period. O&P-Americas and Intermediates & Derivatives were areas of strength. Both areas benefit from U.S. shale gas development and its effect on advantaged natural gas and natural gas liquids prices. Our O&P-EIA results experienced some volatility across the period, but in general, were depressed by the European economic environment, coupled with high naphtha raw material costs. In Refining, margins were negatively impacted by the value of co-products, while volumes were impacted by the recent turnaround. Now let's turn to Slide 7 and see how we deployed the cash. First quarter operations generated $1.1 billion in cash, exclusive of working capital changes. Use of the funds, including a temporary $280 million increase in working capital, primarily due to an inventory increase, we anticipate that working capital will decline over the next quarter. Capital spending increased to approximately $390 million, as we invested in our growth projects and the refinery turnaround. During the quarter, we paid our normal interim dividend of $229 million. Our cash balance increased by $147 million. This is consistent with our expectations, as the quarter included several annual payments such as property taxes, customer rebates and employee bonuses, which together, totaled approximately $460 million. On the right side of the slide, you see similar metrics for the last 12 months. I want to highlight a few items. First, operations generated $4.8 billion exclusive of minor working capital changes. We paid dividends of $2.5 billion, invested $1.2 billion in capital projects and our cash balance increased by $1.2 billion. On Slide 8, we provide some further detail of working capital and metrics that we track. I've covered most of these, so I'll now turn the call back to Jim.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Sure. I'm sure you can appreciate that we are continuing to work with our board on this topic, in anticipation of that meeting that's coming up in May. But from a financial perspective, financial policy perspective, nothing's changed in terms of our policy to continue to distribute discretionary cash to our investors. As it relates to how we're looking at our balance sheet and overall leverage, with the investment-grade rating that we just recently received, it does provide for some increased optionality and flexibility in our balance sheet as we continue to optimize our capital structure. So as we discussed at Investor Day, we do have some flexibility here to potentially evolve and optimize the structure in line with our ratings and our outlook and our very solid, strong investment-grade metrics that we're committed to maintaining.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Yes, from an M&A perspective, yes, that's -- we've discussed this in the past in terms of looking at those. We're always looking at everything, but in terms of our capital deployment and our hierarchy, we've got these growth projects that we're currently working on with quick -- short-term, quick-return-type projects. We do look at M&A but from a capital deployment perspective, in terms of them being very strategic and meaningfully accretive, those are the criteria there. And then beyond that, it's really looking for direct returns to our shareholders via either dividends and/or potentially share buybacks, if authorization is received. Management and the board will consider all of those options.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Okay. From a regular dividend perspective, we've set our overall total dollar amount of our regular dividend so that we can fund that comfortably through the cycle without having to raise debt, and giving us some bandwidth to continually grow that, so a sustainable forever-growing regular dividend. And as we outlined at Investor Day, there's also some potential for additional growth beyond that over the next few years in relation to the discretionary cash generation as a result of the materialization of the growth projects that we've outlined in the near term. So our growth plan is centered around those quick, high-return projects, which will result in additional discretionary cash that we'll look at in connection with our regular dividend as well. And then beyond that, it becomes the alternatives between special or supplemental dividends, as well as and/or buybacks, which again, if shareholder authorization is received, the management and Supervisory Board will assess all those considerations.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: Yes, I think from an overall capital structure, I think we can separate that from the potential of just returning cash directly to shareholders via dividends or buybacks. So separating the 2 in terms of looking at the balance sheet, yes, again, is there some opportunity there, some flexibility as we move forward to kind of optimize that? Yes, there is. And as we go through and start the season as an investment-grade company, we'll look at that as well.
Karyn F. Ovelmen: No, this is really a presentation of EBITDA, so historically, we've got those tables in our press release with -- and there were numerous, numerous unusual or nonrecurring-type items you'll see in this quarter, that we didn't have any that reached any materiality. So going forward, we're going to be presenting EBITDA as defined. We'll still continue to highlight any material, unusual or nonrecurring, so that those modeling the company can adjust accordingly, going forward. But our presentation is purely just to present the EBITDA as defined.
