Douglas J. Pike: Thank you, Glenn. Well, hello and welcome to LyondellBasell's fourth quarter 2012 teleconference. And I'm joined today by Jim Gallogly, our CEO; Karyn Ovelmen, our CFO; and Sergey Vasnetsov, our Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Transactions. And before we begin the business discussion, I’d like to point out that a slide presentation accompanies today’s call and is available on our website at www.lyondellbasell.com. I’d also like you to note that statements made in this call relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions of management which are believed to be reasonable at the time made and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. And actual results could differ materially from those forward-looking statements. For more detailed information about the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially, please refer to the cautionary statements in the presentation slides and our financial reports which are available at www.lyondellbasell.com/investorrelations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures together with any other applicable disclosures including the earnings release are currently available at our website www.lyondellbasell.com. Finally, I’d like to point out that a recording of this call will be available by telephone beginning at 2 pm eastern time today until 11 pm eastern time on March 1 by calling 866-454-2134 in United States and 203-369-1248 outside the United States, and the pass code for both numbers is 7068. During today’s call we will focus on fourth quarter and full year 2012 performance, the current environment and near-term outlook. With that being said, I’d now like to turn the call over to Jim.
Douglas J. Pike: This is Dough. I am going to have to apologize. We've got about seven minutes left or so in the allotted time for the call. So we will take as many calls as we can. So if people just kind of limit their calls, and I will apologize if we can't take all the calls, we still have a pretty long queue. So we just apologize in advance. Gwen, we will just take the next question.
Douglas J. Pike: I think we are going to try – if you can limit yourself to one question, we will try to take another maybe two or three questions if we can. 
Douglas J. Pike: I think we’re – I am going to have to wrap up there. And so I apologize if any questions we weren’t able to take. And Jim can you make a few comments to close the call off for us.
James L. Gallogly: Chris, we’re seeing [nickel] looks like in January there is more price increases on the table for later months. One of the things that we are seeing very clearly in the market right now is, due to beginning of the turnaround season there’s some operating issues, that a couple of our competitors spot prices are really very, very strong right now. In certain instances that causes us not to turn that ethylene into polyethylene.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, propylene prices have been coming up. As you know, we do make a fair amount of propylene and that’s been good for us. That puts some pressure on our polypropylene business. There is usually a lag in getting that push through the market and our propylene oxide business, there is also a bit of a lag, but remember that a lot of those are contracts that are indexed and so we’ll pick that up in fairly short order again in those contracts. So there is some impact on us, generally its pretty neutral thing.Christopher J. Nocella – RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks.
James L. Gallogly: Right now, there seems to be no reason for us to look at that. And prompt barrels are readily available, inventories are very high on ethane, and so we’re feeling very good about our position at this point in time.Robert A. Koort – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
James L. Gallogly: Yes, most of our naphtha based assets are in Europe. We're looking at alternative feedstocks. There will be some NGLs available maybe a little more, some condensate pricing a little differently than they used to because South Texas is providing lot of material into the Gulf Coast now and some of the Algerian condensates and feedstocks like that are now going into Europe. And so, that's a bit helpful to us. We're looking at our other supply dynamics, but simply put Europe is a tough environment right now and so we're doing what we can about that. And that's taking cost out. We're extremely disciplined on that and we've already achieved a lot and we're in the process of doing more.Andy W. Cash – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, so…
James L. Gallogly: Well, there is some added capacity that's coming on. Some of that's fairly, well – they were expensive capital projects. We'll have to see how the returns are, but I think that will keep a bit of a lid on how much more of that goes forward. The United States should become a much larger exporter. We are at 20% here on the fourth quarter, but we’re typically more 15%. But as new capacity comes on line it will not just be the Middle East bringing low cost capacity into Asia, it will also be the United States. And so, that should put a bit of a lid on some of the expansions that are announced there. Simply put they won't have the competitive price advantage that we have in these lower cost environments.Andy W. Cash – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Thank you very much. 
James L. Gallogly: Some of that product is getting to the Gulf Coast right now and we are lightening up our crack some. We typically talk about the advantage of heavy deeply discounted sour type barrels, but right now, as you know the WTI/WTS barrels are very, very competitively cracked. We can crack those barrels too and we are starting to bring more of that product into our refinery. I won't be real specific about it because this is competitive information, but we do recognize that advantage. There are pipelines in place, moving some of that product down right now and one of the things that’s happening in our turnaround is we are doing some work on our smaller crude unit to open up some of the flexibility there to crack even more efficiently some of these lighter barrels. I do want to mention though that overtime, heavy Canadian oil is going to be extremely important to this refinery. It’s not all getting down here today, but as time goes on that will become more and more powerful to an asset like we have.
James L. Gallogly: Well, I think this is a good new story in all accounts. Ethane was very, very cheap in the Midwest, and now it’s also very, very cheap in the Gulf Coast. And the difference between the two is really a transportation difference and so we are able to source feedstocks competitively price up in the Midwest as well at the United States. So it’s a good new story on both fronts. We don’t have the same brilliant discount that we had last year in 2012, as rejection kind of value economics, but we now have rejection kind of value economics in the Gulf Coast too.
James L. Gallogly: It’s a bit hard to say, but that 200,000 barrel is inline with what we’re seeing. Inventories are very high and all of that is putting downward pressure on ethane. And at some point you can’t reject certain amount, if you have a burner tip spec, so it all feels good. 
James L. Gallogly: Well, we’ve been running our polyethylene assets hard all the time and so I don’t know that we increased our share but good solid operations. We are at above doing polypropylene and that’s why that’s down a bit. I think the good new is, the assets are making us a lot of money. Olefins we set quarter-after-quarter flat records in multiple places and so, running above name plate. We made money where the money could be made. Polypropylene didn’t have a very good margin, we did have a (inaudible) doing, it had very limited impact but it did affect our volume.
James L. Gallogly: Let me make a couple of comments and then I will let Karyn add to it. First, I think, it is extremely important to recognize how disciplined we’ve been in a couple of different areas. First on cost, as I mentioned in the early remarks, we’ve maintained cost flat. We took $1 billion out of the cost structure in 2009 and then have beaten the inflation in the last several years. We operate with 13,000 people, so we are extremely disciplined. On the capital side, we underspent our capital budget for 2012 by several 100 million dollars. We have done everything we can to make sure that we’re spending the money efficiently and not spending just because in the budget it doesn’t mean we want to spend it. We had $2.4 billion of dividends in 2012 and we said we would return discretionary cash. Our philosophy has been that, we said we would do that either in terms of special dividends or share repurchases. Up until this year, we really couldn’t do share repurchases, because of tax issues and because of market concentration issues. I think what we just described to you in our earlier comments was, we have to go to shareholders under Dutch law, we have to talk to the Supervisory Board first, and we have a shareholders meeting in May and it could be the possibility we have both of those options available to us depending upon votes, those kinds of things in 2013 compared to 2012. But I want to be very, very clear on one point. We returned discretionary cash to our shareholders and we have growth projects with very, very high return, but what we have done over the last couple of years speaks for itself. Karyn, do you have anything else you would like to add.
James L. Gallogly: Well, we’re always talking a couple of percentage points, nameplates is hard to exceed, but having said that, simply being able to do that a couple of quarters in a row. I can’t emphasize enough. In the last two years, we’ve spend a lot of money doing massive turnarounds at our crackers. We’ve done OP-1, OP-2 at Channelview. We’ve gone into almost every one of our units. We did Corpus. We did Morris. We’ve got these as such fresh and ready to run when we have the opportunity. A couple of years ago, when things weren’t as good, we said we’re going to get these things prepared to be reliable and make money when the sun starts to shine and so that’s happening. We are delivering on it and we’ll keep trying our best. We put huge emphasis on operations as you no doubt see. Now, in terms of the spot, we sometimes dial back polyethylene and we talked about fourth quarter exports, we can dial back exports and turn that into spot because there is some people short right now coming into the turnarounds and buying lot of product curve.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate the thoughts. Thank you.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah. In terms of what we did at Wesseling, we mentioned that was about $20 million impact to that turnaround and margins weren’t that great. We were able to cover a little bit here and there, but it was back $20 million. There is always an expense side to it turnaround as well and we don’t put those numbers out technically. In terms of what we have done already, I think you have to recognize that the time we do the action, it take a couple of years to get a payout in Europe. It’s different than the United States. We have already at least in the neighborhood $50 million. We are working on a couple of more pretty significant items. Because we’re in discussions with the works council, we don’t make those numbers public, because it’s appropriate that we have that dialog with our employees. I am really proud of that group too because under the tough conditions that they’ve had they are still – when you look at competitive pricing and the way we run the assets, we’re right up there in the top quartile and the values we receive for our products is just a tough environment. So we’ve been very respectful to our works councils, working with them closely, but we’ve also been very clear the cost have to come down that’s a lever that we can use and we’re going to.
James L. Gallogly: Well I think that we continue to increase the amount of ethane that we crack. We set it fairly quickly, but 10% change last year, and the amount of NGL’s that we cracked was – and that's very, very strong. That took a lot of hard work and engineering, a few tweaks and things, doing a little debottleneck here and there to get that done. We have more of that coming. It won't be that order of magnitude, but we're bringing more ethane into certain facilities. Condensates, we're getting from South Texas and has been a nice strong plus. So, we work it every day. We optimize the crack, and I think it's showing up in our financials.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah. Well right now I'd still say that there is excess capacity. We do our best to achieve value in the way that we sell our product, but I wouldn’t want to say that we see any kind of a significant upward trend in Europe at this moment in time. I will remind everybody that in the second quarter of last year when naphtha prices fell fairly rapidly we had an outstanding quarter in Europe. Those things can happen again. But I would say that Europe's in trough conditions. What could improve is that, we are seeing signs of China picking up and if that trend continues that will take some pressure off of Europe and things will get more or like they were in 2010 I hope. And then as the cycle improves, we will do even better. But right now it's still trough.
James L. Gallogly: It’s a bit difficult to call, there is some moments when it looks little better, get a few price increases, but before I forget to mention this, we also have some pretty differentiated uses of polypropylene. Remember that we have a compounded business that is very strong. It’s always seasonally a little often the fourth quarter is, holidays were taken by auto manufacturers, but that business is super strong business for us last year and we hope that we’ll see that again in ’13. But overall now that – yeah consultant calls on polypropylene prices that can change in 30 days, we just have to see how the market develops. 
James L. Gallogly: No, we haven’t rolled anything out. We‘re doing an intense study, I think for a fair number competitor, and doing the same thing. It is a potential option for us and we want to give it do consideration, discuss it with the supervisory board and but we’re not at a decision making point yet. 
James L. Gallogly: Hi, Duffy. Duffy Fischer – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Jim you’ve talked about at different times some upside from the JV’s particularly the ones in the Middle East as those can run a little more efficiently than they have. Where do we stand on that and how much more upside is there as those give up to kind of world class standard running.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah. Well, I think our one JV has been returning dividend very nicely as it runs well. The PDH unit and the polypropene joint venture also there in Al-Jubail had some hiccups when it first started. That was the world’s largest PDH and as you’ve seen from the unit here in the United States, those aren’t the easiest things to run. We seem to have solved the issue that we had and we’re up to rates in the PDH unit now and hopefully that grows to profit. In an early joint venture like that, you have to pay down some debt and all before you start issuing significant dividends. I think we have made the comment before. We have good earnings from those joint ventures. We just don’t know always see the dividends and that’s what we reported in our earnings. So good operations, improving highly competitive assets and but unfortunately as dividends are paid kind of in a lumpy fashion and little hard to predict in our earnings. I can’t say much more than that, but the assets are running well now.
James L. Gallogly: It's been very good to have first a day. Remember Corpus Christi, it’s right there in the heart of the Eagle Ford. So there is a transportation advantage. It's been very difficult to get all of that out. Just like the comment I made before on propane, over time the E&P guys will figure out how to move this, but it's still a plus overall. Maybe we won't a stronger competitive advantage and there will be a pipeline discount, but right now, we're barging into our Channelview side and we're able to take it almost straight off the local pipes there in Corpus, so today it's a nice advantage, some of that will be moderated.Duffy Fischer – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much guys.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, Don, I remember the precise numbers. But let me give you a kind of a context of the turnaround activity and in 2012, where we had one olefin unit down for about seven week or so turnaround and we had the other one down for about three weeks at Channelview. So you had that many cumulative weeks of 1.9 billion pound olefin plant down. This year what we are going to do is, we are going to have to turnaround later in the year at Clinton. Now Clinton is about 1 billion pound facility. So that’s half the size and just the one facility versus the two. So I think that will give you a bigger context on what’s even, where is the market is for everything. Don D. Carson – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, thank you.
James L. Gallogly: A bit depends on natural gas prices. Obviously, we saw those kind of numbers and even better in the Midwest at one point in time. It's hard to say. I never try to forecast prices, but recently natural gas prices have to come down and we are still in the depth of winter.David I. Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, in Europe there in the mid to low 80’s, we’re in the mid because we were short structurally, ethylene. So we run our crackers a bit harder than other folks. I think in the United States everybody who can run a pound is running a pound of full out, but some folks have tripped a little bit on operating results and there’s some turnarounds going on, and in Asia I think mid 80’s is probably about right.
James L. Gallogly: Well, there is a very, very limited amount of ethane done by one company that had facilities in place, but it's just really not an economical thing to do. If it was Middle East, ethane would have been moving out many, many years ago. So I don't think that's going to have any measurable impact in the United States.
James L. Gallogly: Yeah, thank you Doug. We did have record 2012 earnings, industry leading stage performance and I think operational results. We are a company with intense discipline on cost, our 13,000 plus employees work really hard. If you compare the number of people we have compared to our competitors, they are very, very efficient group. We’ve been very disciplined in the way that we spend your capital. We’re looking at cheap, quick, but sizeable olefin debottlenecks at La Porte, Channelview, Corpus Christi. We are trying to beat our competition to the market. We’ll talk much more about this in the Investor Day in New York City in a couple of months. We’ve demonstrated a track record of fiscal discipline. We brought down debt and Moody’s now has assessed us an investment grade company. We underspent the capital budget by several hundred billion dollars last year. We returned $2.4 billion in dividends last year. I think you now understand our balance sheet policy. It hasn't changed over the last few years. We returned discretionary cash to our shareholders, either in the form of special dividends or share repurchases. One thing that I'd like to close on is, when I joined this company is 2009, there was a bankruptcy. I said we would turn this into the number one competitor in our industry. We're not there yet today, but we're getting pretty close. We remain focused on that goal. We will be the top competitor before you. Thank you very much.
