Bob Patel: Okay. Thank you, Jeff. Good morning. Well, I think to be successful in the business that we compete in, having your firm from view about the importance of safety, reliability, and cost efficiency, it's what we did in the early days when we came out of the Chapter 11 process. And that will be important. And I recall as I, 7 years ago, roughly was named the CEO here. I talked about the importance of strategy and culture. And so, my sense is if I were to think about the next chapter, the things that I would add would be focus on circularity and our sustainability initiatives. And I think the uniqueness of our culture is that the next CEO who's grounded, rigorous, and works in service of the employees and the shareholders will be successful.
Bob Patel: Sure. Thank you, Vincent. First of all, I will just mentioned a couple of words about Q3 and kind of the likeness we had. We had a couple of very a typical unplanned outages that were quite large. First, we had the asset deals unplanned downtime due to the incident we had. At Q3 volumes and margins or -- the volume lost in the Q3 margins, that outage impacted earnings by about $75 million. We also had a couple of larger, atypical events in O&P America 's at Q3 margins that lost volume impacted earnings by about 200 million. So we could take three or four incidents, and those outages reduced Q3 by about 275 million.  There were other normal unplanned outages that we have in any given quarter, but yes it was quite an unusual quarter in that regards. As I think about next year, you said it well, I mean, I think there's still a lot of constraints in terms of demand today. We still see a global supply chain that is not operating as smoothly as what we've seen in the past. Chip shortages, shipping restrict constraints, whether it's high cost for containers or just the ships being in the wrong place.  I think -- I believe firmly that that has impacted exports of finished goods out of China, which has in turn reduced demand for plastics in China. As we look in next year, I would expect that by the middle of the year, lot of these issues should have normalized, and we should see more typical global trade patterns. And with stronger durable goods market, especially for auto and appliances, those things that people have not had available to purchase that should favor polypropylene, probably more differentially than polyethylene. So I think by mid next year we should see operating rates sustained at over 90% and a lot of these constraints will have relieve themselves.
Bob Patel: Thank you Kevin, for your kind words. So first on the business side, on the refinery, things are certainly turned positive. We turned a profit in Q3, as we mentioned during the prepared remarks. Q4 looks to be stronger than Q3. Of late what we're seeing with high oil prices, we're seeing more Canadian sour crude coming down to the U.S. which is causing the light heavy differential to widen. That favors our refinery and I think that trend could continue for the next quarter at least.  On the product side, distillate inventories are very low. Distillate cracks have expanded. We're seeing air travel get back to about 80% of pre - COVID levels in the U.S. Miles driven are back to pre - COVID levels now. So all of the trends when you think about demand, like heavy differential, all indicate improvement sequentially from Q3 to Q4. And so we're pleased to be back in the black and refining. With regards to the process and the transaction, we're working through the process now and our aim is to move towards a transaction in the coming quarter or 2. We still continue to believe that the best value for this -- that this refinery can create is by being part of the system where it can be optimized from crude purchasing to logistics to the co-product processing. We think that a 270 thousand barrel a day refinery on the Houston ship channel is well-placed and create tones of value as part of a system.
Bob Patel: Yes. Great question, Edlain. I mean, this has been the debate for the last 12/15 months. And many of you will recall that I talked about demand being stronger for longer. I still believe that. I think when -- as you go quarter after quarter, all of the market forecasters have underestimated demand growth. And I think that will continue to play out. I mean, think about it. We still have reopening ahead of us. There's a lot of buying power in the hands of consumers. Highest historic savings rates in the U.S. and in many other regions around the world. They have still accommodative central bank policies. Even if tapering starts, still have very low Interest rate environment here and abroad.  And so much pent-up demand from goods and services that we couldn't access because the shortages or because of limitations on travel. So I think this sort of scenario of moderating margins is based on continued strong demand and strengthening as reopening really takes hold. And some of these supply chain constraints relieved themselves like the chip shortages. And you think about the impact in our compounding business fault because auto production is low, it's significant.  When those chips are available, we think that our polypropylene business, RPO business and our compounding business will benefit materially from more automotive production. You asked about what could go wrong, I think in the near term, we'll have to watch energy prices. There could be points where we could see potentially spikes in energy price. But I think sustained high energy prices are unlikely because at some point they will be met with more supply. So I think that's what we have to watch. And the other is, the picture in China remains a bit marquee, and I'll try to address that through the upcoming questions.
Bob Patel: Yes. So I don't profess to have the exact picture of what could happen, but I'll give you a few of my thoughts about what could happen. In terms of dual controls in the near term, you do see some lowering of petrochemical production. I think ultimately that will require more imports, which benefits exporting regions like the U.S., whether it's in the I&D business or in the OMP business, I think that's a net positive. I think the reduction of coal use will likely turn off some of the CTO complexes requiring more imports of polyethylene and polypropylene, favorable for global producers like us.  The shipping constraints, I think have been a net negative in the near-term, as they've not been producing for exports as much of finished goods. Two reasons. 1. They can't get enough containers. 2. Because shipping costs in many cases are 10X when you consider both the sea freight plus the container costs. They're just not able to pass that kind of increase on.  I think as that normalizes, I would think that demand should increase in China as they're able to export more finished goods next year and I think the longer-term outlook is that as there's less coal consumption, it seems to me that the amount of expansion that could take place in China could be less than what we've seen in the past. Certainly, MTO and CTO based technology or based capacity will likely not be as robust as what we've seen in the last 10 years. So I think there are many bullish aspects to how this could play out. But I think it'll be choppy over the next couple of quarters until we get back to something more normal.
Bob Patel: Yeah. So in terms of PD price moderation in price is kind of where we are and we have them for some time. If you look back over the last 10 years, most every year you see some moderation in Q4 in polyethylene price, and I
Bob Patel: we are and there could be some moderation in margin. 15 feels heavy to me, I suspect that it will be something more modest than that.
Bob Patel: And thank you, P.J.. Let me talk a little bit of our broadly about energy prices as context, and then I'll get into the feedstock flexibility both here in Europe. First of all, as you look at kind of the outlook for oil prices, slightly that oil prices will persist -- will be persistently high over the next 2-3 years. We don't see large IOCs coming back to drill. The independents here are starting to drill more. But the very large companies who have presence in, for example, the Permian, we're not seeing drilling come back.  High oil prices are good for LyondellBasell. So I think over the long run, there will be plenty of ethane. I think ethane has -- there's more gas supply with more drilling. Ethane should be plentiful. Gas price should be kept in check, especially with feedstock flexibility, we'll have a chance to rotate to other feeds. In the near-term, we recently still find to be the favored feed. Propane and butane prices have run quite a lot. So they've been really out of the mix.  We have been cracking some gas oil and heavies as well. So think about like a barbell slate, light and heavy but in the middle, we've not been cracking in the U.S. in Europe, because of high LPG prices, we've been tracking that for our mainly and co-product values have been pretty good. I mean, VTR dying is run well. Propylene has come off some but still at very healthy levels. So overall, propane, butane, I would expect will be out of the mix for most of the winter. And we will focus on ethane, and the heavy end here in the U.S. and NAPFA in Europe.
Bob Patel: Sure. Thank you, Chris. So first of all, on IND, PO continues to be very strong. propylene oxide demand is strong, the market continues to be tight. We will have a record year this year in our PO business. And we see that continuing as I mentioned earlier, in one of the prior questions, as auto demand comes back, appliance demand comes back because of constraints being relieved. We think that favors a continued strength in the PO business. And I actually think that our new capacity in '23 could come on at a time when the market desperately needs more PO. And I think it could be absorbed very quickly. So we're very constructive PO next year, Acetyl continues to be strong.  Power plant is back up and running as of early October, we're back to running at full rates and we're enjoying the benefits of a very good market and we think that'll carry well into '22. On Oxyfuels, demand is back, but unfortunately, the challenge today is higher butane price. So butane as a percent of crude oil, is kind of grown 90%. And likely through the winter months, we won't get much relief on that. But next year as we get into the spring, and LPG prices moderate after we get through the winter season.  And the demand should continue to improve and be better as driving improves in Europe and other parts of the world. I think Oxyfuels will get back to the typical contribution of 400 to 450 million annually prior to the new projects starting out. Styrene likely mixed. when there are outages, we see styrene get a bump when everyone runs. Styrene is either side of break even. And I think the real kind of gems in the portfolio next year will be propylene oxide, acetyls, and oxyfuels likely starting in the spring.
Bob Patel: Yes. Thank you Steve. First, I think there are two aspects to this. The first is the demand side, and the second is playing to our strengths. On the demand side, absolutely our customers are asking for more and more circular products and plastics each year. Which they demand that we can't meet, and that's driven by their own commitments to increase recycled content and packaging. So the entire value chain is pulling, starting with the range owners. They're pulling more circular products, and I think that will just grow as the years progress. Why I think we should read on circularity is that, we have a strong technology base in Polyolefin.  We have Polyolefins process technology, catalyst technology, also we're developing this Martec Technology, which is the Molecular Recycling. That pilot plant should be operational in the coming weeks. And I suspect by about March, April, we will know whether we have an investable technology. My sense is that we will, the question will be to what degree can we get the yields that we want Paralysis oil. Our current plan is by end of next year to be in a position to dedicate some of our capEx to building a Martec plant, either in the U.S. or in Europe. So I think it plays to our strengths and the demand fall was there from brand owners.
Bob Patel: Sure. So John, we had a gap during the pandemic as you said, so I think probably something around 12, 15 months of much, much lower activity. It has picked up in Q3. More polypropylene than polyethylene and quite a bit of it in China. I think that's trend that we've seen. Having said that, pickup in demand or activity in Q3, we're still not quite back to 2019 levels. So I think still modest. And as you think about where you're going with this question, John is, what does it mean for supply 3, 4, 5 years out, I do think we're going to find a gap and new supply 3 years from now because those decisions to expand were delayed or paused during the pandemic.  And then if you look further out and you think about operating rates to more fully answer your question, beyond the couple of new projects that are coming in the U.S. and some pace of capacity in China, it seems to me that polyethylene and polypropylene operating rates likely reach some sort of a bottom in '22 or '23 and steadily increase. And that bottom is very shallow, if not maybe sideways from where we are today given our outlook on demand. So I think we do see operating rates increase as we move through into the middle of the decade.
Bob Patel: Certainly, I'll start with acetyl. Definitely, the downtime is what impacted us in Q3. And as I mentioned at Q3 margins, that lost volume reduced our earnings by about $75 million. Backup and running full rates now. And outlook is very good for acetyls. And our view is that margin should be very healthy even going into next year. So we're quite positive about that business. On polypropylene, auto was weak for packaging was quite strong and we had a lot of kind of medical-related demands. So that help polypropylene up. Now as we see auto come back for our Company, we have much more leverage to the auto recovery.  Did you think about our polypropylene sales to OEMS or tier 2s plus what goes through compounding plus some of our polyethylene that goes into plastic fuel tanks. Our Company will benefit immensely from the chip shortage. Hopefully alleviating, as result to the next few quarters. And I think you'll see that in the EPS business, there should be a meaningful step-up. Once we see [Indiscernible] come back. And as a result of all of that, I think PP business will remain tight. It's frankly pretty tight today. And demand continues to be really strong. And Arun, in our third quarter was more production shortfall because we had 2 weeks of downtime in Charlesberg (ph) facilities here in the United States as well.
Bob Patel: Thank you, Frank. It's really been great working with all of you and getting to know all of you better. What I'm most proud of, well, been 12 years with the Company. I almost joined a very different Company back in March of 2010. And I'm proud of the employees who stuck through it, through Mitch thick and thin. There are many people here who stayed during the Chapter 11 process, and won their Company back. And I'm really proud to have been a part of -- going from where we were back in March 2010 to where we are today. In terms of what's ahead, I think it's really about continuing to capture value from all these growth projects that we've implemented.  We've invested around $9 billion in 5 or 6 discrete initiatives, both organic and inorganic. And it provides an incredible runway for earnings growth. So I think it's really just capture the value from the growth that we've been through, continue to lean into circularity. Focus on CO2 reduction and be value minded when it comes to M&A. Deep value like we have been and be okay with saying no when the deal doesn't make sense. So I think we've built an incredible cash machine here at LyondellBasell.
Bob Patel: Thanks, Duffy. Both really great questions. On the European LPG competitiveness. I think this will have inflow. We've seen periods when LPG became expensive in Europe. We've seen when butane is traded at 45% of crude price. So, I think that'll continue part of the lower prices scenario will be when U.S. exports of butane and propane increase. As there's more oil production, associated gas, and the NGL that come with that. I think having flexibility benefits Companies like us, because it's so hard to predict what will be favored when.  But if you have flexibility, you tend to do well in a range of environments. And I think our Company has that both in the U.S. and in Europe. And your second question about competitiveness in Europe and the carbon initiatives. Well, there's Is a lot of legislation being considered. The way I think about it is that first of all, relative competitiveness is really important. And I think within the region, we have one of the most competitive asset basis. We've built that through all the work we did earlier in the last decade.  Over time you could see regulation that provides for border adjustments or things that will help protect the industrial economy in Europe. I think industrial employment is a very important part of the European economy. And I can't imagine that will just attrit away. So I always ask my team to focus on regional competitiveness, and make sure that we're at the most competitive end of the cost curve regionally.
Bob Patel: Thank you, Matt. It's been a pleasure working with you as well. I've had lots of discussions with some of our largest suppliers on this topic, and I think with new capacity coming here in Corpus, and more demand for ethane, my sense is that between the amount that's rejected today, that could be recovered. And incremental output from the independents who are starting to ramp up in the Permian, I think there's enough ethane.  The price setter on ethane, I continue to believe will be natural gas with a modest frac spread to get to the ethane price. We've done a lot of work on this and we think that likely is a scenario. And then longer term, I think the feedstock flexibility here in the U.S. will serve us well. As the various scenarios play out, and you could make a good argument for -- well, the oil to gas ratio widening as we get past summer of 22 and into the next couple of three years.
Bob Patel: Thank you again for all the thoughtful questions. Let me offer a few closing remarks. First of all, we continue to believe that demand will remain strong well into 2022 for all of our products and markets we serve. Though we are likely to face some margin pressure from rising energy and feedstock costs, we expect that our earnings and cash flow will remain robust. LyondellBasell has an array of options to create shareholder value, ranging from a growing dividend, share repurchases, and value trading M&A.  It's been my sincere pleasure and honor to serve and privilege to serve as CEO and support of our incredible employees and shareholders for nearly 7 years. We've built an incredibly strong Company over the past 12 years and I'm thankful to have been a part of it. I've enjoyed getting to know all of you and working with you. And we remain very optimistic about the future of LYB. Thank you and best wishes to all of you. We're now adjourned.
