Michael McMurray: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to slide six, and let me begin by describing how we are extending our track record of outstanding cash generation. In the first quarter, LyondellBasell generated nearly $500 million of cash from operating activities that contributed toward our total of $5.1 billion over the last 12 months. Our cash balance was $1.8 billion at the end of the first quarter. Over the last four quarters, our team efficiently converted 89% of our EBITDA into cash. During the first quarter, our cash conversion dipped to 35% driven by increased sales volumes and additional inventory required to serve customers during upcoming maintenance. Nonetheless, we expect to continue converting approximately 80% of EBITDA to cash over the longer term, as we have done in the past. We remain committed to delivering returns to our shareholders. Over the last 12 months, we returned $3.5 billion in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Let's continue with slide seven and review the details of our cash generation and allocation during the first quarter. The LyondellBasell team remains focused on disciplined capital allocation to provide strong returns for our shareholders. During the past four quarters, we returned 107% of free cash flow to our shareholders. This is well above the annual target of 70% that I shared with you at our Capital Markets Day. During the first quarter, we returned approximately $460 million to shareholders through our quarterly dividends and share repurchases. First quarter capital expenditures were $352 million, approximately $120 million less than the fourth quarter. With a successful start-up of our world-scale PO/TBA plant, capital expenditures related to the construction of the plant will be replaced with growing cash generation. Our continued investments in maintenance and smaller growth projects remain within our plan of $1.6 billion for 2023. Now, I'd like to provide an overview of the results for each of our segments on slide eight. LyondellBasell's business portfolio delivered $1.5 billion of EBITDA during the first quarter. Our results reflect moderate margin and volume improvements across most segments due to improving global demand and lower energy costs. Results in our olefins and polyolefins businesses benefited from higher asset utilization. Demand for fuels remained strong, and our oxyfuels and refining businesses continued to earn margins above historical averages. Please note that our first quarter segment results reflect the movement of our Catalloy and polybutylene businesses from the APS segment to the O&P Americas and O&P EAI segments, effective as of January 1st. We filed an 8-K on March 7th that provides summary historical financial information for the three prior years. During the quarter, we recognized $69 million in cost related to the exit from a refining business and a non-cash goodwill impairment of $252 million related to our Advanced Polymer Solutions segment. As I mentioned last quarter, we expect to incur approximately $75 million of EBITDA impact as well as $55 million of depreciation related to the exit from our refining business during each quarter of 2023. As a follow-up to our 2023 plant maintenance guidance, we decided to pull forward some planned maintenance in our O&P Americas segment to the second quarter. We expect this will result in an additional impact of $90 million for a total estimated EBITDA headwind of $110 million for the segment during the second quarter of 2023. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ken.
Michael McMurray: Hey, Jeff, it's Michael. Let me help you out with that. So I'll refer you back to an 8-K that we issued last year. But we anticipate a number of charges. So there's charges associated with the existing operating lease assets. So this would include like tanks and other infrastructure. There's asset decommissioning cost, so like things like tank cleaning and then personnel-related costs as well and then some miscellaneous charges. So our total cost estimate -- and this is still a good estimate today. We had given a range of about $600 million to $900 million. It's unlikely and this is happening, that they're not going to be recognized all at once, so we've been incurring some cash and some non-cash costs now largely non-cash this year, and they'll continue into 2024 as well. And you're seeing charges per quarter right now of about $85 million, similar to what we had seen in 2023 as well. On the fourth quarter, we did raise our estimate on asset decommissioning costs slightly, and you've seen some incremental depreciation related to that. But that's within our $1.4 billion estimate for the full year. And then don't forget, there will be a meaningful working capital release when we shut down the refinery -- it's on the order of about $700 million is what we're expecting.
Michael McMurray: So to put a bow around that, Peter, we think the second half should be better than the first half. That's broadly in line with what the analyst community is thinking as well. But as you said, China is the linchpin and uncertainty generally is high right now.
Michael McMurray: Sure. Happy to take that question. And we got some feedback from a few folks that they didn't like our rule of thumb. So I'll give you a bit more data this morning, which hopefully is helpful. But as you all know, energy prices last year surged significantly, both in Europe and the US. And so just looking at energy cost for last year versus 2021, up about $1.7 billion. If you benchmark last year versus 2020, up $3.3 billion. So we faced into some significant energy cost increases over the last couple of years. But obviously, have seen relief that started in the fourth quarter and has followed through into the first quarter of this year and now is continuing into the second quarter. So -- what I would say is that if you looked at energy cost overall for the fourth quarter for the enterprise, about $1 billion overall, in the first quarter, down roughly $200 billion. Our expectation as we move into Q2, that it's largely flattish, maybe a little bit of kind of full quarter effect. And then just from a modeling perspective, I'll give you a couple of more data points to be helpful both around North American average natural gas prices that we incurred and then Europe average natural gas prices. So for North America, average price in the fourth quarter was $5 -- roughly $5.30 per MMBtu. In the first quarter, the average was $3.10 roughly 3.10. And then for Europe, fourth quarter was $26.70, and in the first quarter was $16.60. So hopefully, those data points will help you all as you kind of think about the balance of the year from a modeling perspective.
Kim Foley: Thank you, Ken. Please turn to Slide 12 as we look at the Intermediates and Derivatives segment. EBITDA for the segment increased by $135 million in the first quarter to $426 million. Propylene oxide volumes increased with higher operating rates after planned downtime last quarter, while margins decreased on continued weak demand for durable goods. Oxyfuel margins remained strong, supported by low inventories and steady demand for gasoline. Overall, we operated our assets at approximately 85% for the quarter. As highlighted at our Capital Markets Day in March, we have successfully started up our new PO/TBA plant, which is the largest propylene oxide plant in the world. This start-up was many years in the making, and I am incredibly proud of what our team has accomplished. In line with the guidance from last quarter, a heavy planned maintenance schedule across our propylene oxide assets in 2023 will largely offset the benefits from this new volume during the first year of operations. In 2023, we'll be focused on driving safety, quality and reliability as we fine-tune the operation of this new PO/TBA plant and ramp up cash generation in 2024. For the second quarter, we expect to run our global IND assets at approximately 80% of capacity in line with demand. Our new PO/TBA capacity is included in the calculation of our I&D segment operating rates beginning with the second quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 13 and discuss the results of the refining segment. First quarter EBITDA of $315 million was fairly comparable with the prior quarter, which benefited from a $40 million in tailwinds from a LIFO inventory valuation. In the first quarter, the Maya 2-1-1 spread remained stable at about $49 per barrel. Industry inventories for fuels remain low following winter weather and significant maintenance, coupled with stable demand. We operated the refinery at approximately 85% of capacity with an average crude rate of 226,000 barrels per day. In the near term, we expect the Maya 2-1-1 spreads to moderate due to declining diesel spreads while remaining well above historical averages. We plan to operate the refinery at approximately 95% of capacity in the second quarter. We remain committed to safe operation of these assets with a focus on high reliability to capitalize on current market conditions. As Peter mentioned earlier, we have started the evaluation of several projects to transform the site to fit with our circular and low-carbon solution strategy. With that, I will turn the call over to Torkel.
Kim Foley: As it relates to the business environment, I think it's very similar to what you heard from Ken and Peter related to durable demand. The biggest outlets for propylene oxide are polyurethanes that go into insulation, they go into furniture, they go into the construction industry, paintings and coatings. So until we see housing turn you're going to -- the demand is going to be weak. And the question is what's going to happen with interest rates and how will that influence housing demand, not only in the US, but also some of the challenges that they have in Asia, as far as their construction and real estate markets. So as we look forward, we have some optimism, but I think it's heavily weighted on what happens with interest rates. To your other question as it relates to industry consolidation, yes, we would love to see some consolidation from fourth quartile assets around the world, but those are decisions that each and every manufacturer has to look at and make as they assess their portfolio.
Kim Foley: Thanks, Peter. So I think if you think about the big drivers for the profitability of oxyfuels, at your feedstock costs, so look at your butane costs versus your crude. Look at your cost of methanol, which right now in the U.S. is favorable with low natural gas, the relative price of crude, so the higher crude is, the more favorable it is because it's the difference between the lower gas and the crude. And then the premium. And I think that's the question many people have is what's going to happen with all this new capacity as we come into the market with the -- what we call the oxyfuel for the ether premium. And we're pretty confident we have outlets for all of that material. And we think there'll be some seasonal moderation of margins as we go into the third and fourth quarter as butane pricing increases, but no concerns or plans that we haven't forecasted within our portfolio.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Torkel. Please turn to slide 15, and I will discuss the results for the Technology segment on behalf of Jim Seward. First quarter EBITDA of $73 million reflected stable catalyst volumes and lower licensing revenue. In the second quarter, we expect that licensing revenue and catalyst volumes will be moderately better. Nonetheless, we estimate that second quarter Technology segment results will be similar to the first quarter. As Ken discussed, we believe that LyondellBasell's circular and low-carbon solutions business has a strategic advantage with our integrated hub solution. A key enabler to scale our hubs is LyondellBasell's proprietary MoReTec advanced catalytic-recycling technology. Engineering work for our first commercial scale plant is underway. We hope to provide you with further updates and reach an investment decision for a commercial scale plant during the fourth quarter of this year. Let me now summarize our first quarter and the outlook for our company with slide 16. Our first quarter results illustrate how our team is capturing value through our new strategy with help from moderately improving market conditions. LyondellBasell's foundational commitment to safety remains at the core of our culture and will continue to be a critical enabler for our future success. Our O&P businesses benefited from moderately improving demand. Our oxyfuels and refining businesses continue to see margins above historical averages, supported by low inventories and steady demand. During the first quarter, we returned approximately $460 million in dividends and share repurchases, demonstrating our commitment to shareholder returns. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we anticipate modest seasonal demand improvements. North American polyethylene margins should benefit from delays in industry capacity additions. In response, we're aligning our operating rates to match market demand. We remain watchful for market improvements in China, as stronger economic activity could help drive recovery in global markets during the second half of the year. LyondellBasell is focused on serving rapidly growing demand for our valuable circling products from our circular and low-carbon solutions business. We're entering multiple arrangements to secure plastic waste feedstocks and build out the regional apps that will drive our advantage. And we are making progress on our climate targets in less than one year since signing our first power purchase agreements, we achieved 70% of our target to procure at least half of global electricity from renewable sources by 2030. At our Capital Markets Day last month, I hope you sense our excitement around our new forward strategy. Last week, we gathered 150 of our global leaders to provide feedback and align on implementation. The energy and enthusiasm around our initial progress is incredible. From our frontline operators and manufacturing to engineers, developing innovative solutions for our customers to three pillars of our strategy for providing focus and clarity for our progress to capture incremental value and deliver a more profitable and sustainable growth engine at LyondellBasell. We're now pleased to take your questions.
Peter Vanacker: Hi Steve, this is Peter. Thank you for your question. Of course, as usual, very good question. The first MoReTec industrial scale deployments that we are referring to the -- we plan to have an FID until the end of this year will be in the Cologne hub. But of course, we're also looking at the Houston hub, and I have alluded to that before, that we are looking at the refinery to also deploy an investment in terms of MoReTec our own technology. So -- but the first one, to be very clear, will be in Cologne. And rightfully so, I mean, as you recognized, if we do a MoReTec investment in the Houston hub, we can leverage upon the hydrotreaters and hydro crackers that we have there to upgrade a plastic oil and then feed the plastic oil through the pipeline to our Channelview cracker. So, it's an ideal situation that we have there. So that's the focus that we currently have. It's all around, our MoReTec advanced recycling technology.
Peter Vanacker: And I'll hold that in the context, of course, if you just look at Eurozone GDP first quarter, that was practically no growth, okay, not a deep recession, but on the other hand side, I mean, 0.1% growth. And needless to say, as you hear it all over the place is that this is especially in durable goods that the market continues to see a very conservative consumer behavior.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you, Duffy. Very good question. And that allows me again to repeat what a huge success that is to be able to start up that PO/TBA plants. I mean the largest that is in the entire industry, on time, safely and is now ramping up just like inset to demonstrate, I mean maximum capacity in that plant. So really, I mean, an incredible -- and I must say, even when I compare that to my previous assignments and other companies, I've never seen it going that move. So really a great job by the entire team, which gives you Kim some time to answer the question.
Peter Vanacker: And Duffy, that a part of the PO consumption is going into bedding into furniture. But there is also a part that is going about, I would say, 20% is going into automotive. And if you look at the automotive industry in terms of builds, the latest the IHS numbers were, let's say, April expectation, close to 4% increase. So it's not all negative. But as long as we don't see that the construction market will start to pick up, then we expect that it will be moderate in terms of demand growth in PO, but we are ready for that.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. Thank you, David. Good question. We continue to believe, I mean, that the oxyfuels markets, if you look at it compared to the history, will continue to be strong. Maybe a little bit. But I will give it to you Kim, to elaborate a little bit more.
Peter Vanacker: Yes. One needs to look like I said in the prepared remarks, I mean the new PO/TBA plant, even if we would write at 90%, 95% of capacity, we have actually proactively scheduled three turnarounds at other plants. So at the end, net-net, there is not substantial more volume that comes into the market.
Peter Vanacker: Well, we do believe, and it's a very good question, I mean, Aleksey, and rightfully noted as well that this is -- as we said at the Capital Markets Day, this is the who breadth of different technologies that we are deploying globally, not just at the Cologne hub. And one of those technologies is actually the mechanical recycling technologies. And you saw from our announcement this morning that we have agreed to me to buy out and now have full ownership over the QCP assets, which are assets in Galena in the Netherlands as well as the Tekova assets in Belgium. So these assets are on one hand side, industrial mechanical waste focus, and on the other hand side was consumer waste focused. So again, here, we have the breadth of technologies that we then can bring to the market. We do believe that we have differentiated technology not just on the mechanical of course, as you know, but also on the advanced recycling and intend to continue to deploy that.
Peter Vanacker: Yeah, that's a very important point. And that's why, I mean, this a approach, the synergies that we have, the optimization that is possible to maximize the value out of our waste.
Peter Vanacker: I'll take that one, Vincent. Thanks for the question. So just to give you a feel, recall that we had in the fourth quarter, the -- our French cracker down. So that certainly has an impact on our energy mix and our feedstock mix as well. I think what was interesting in the first quarter is that propane was in the feedstock mix, which is atypical when you think about winter months normally propane is not in the feedstock mix. And we have a lot of flexibility in that cracker in France. So as we were ramping that up, we started to optimize the portfolio through the quarter. So you'll see some more impact. Lets say the full quarter impact of having the bar cracker up and running in the second quarter, but I'd say it's marginal. We do have a good cost position in terms of energy costs in France. So I don't expect there to be a big difference in the second quarter versus first quarter, other than what you can see in the improving price of gas in Europe.
Peter Vanacker: Hi, Arun, good question. Thank you very much. And of course, in the context of not giving guidance on a yearly basis. I mean, we alluded already, I mean, to the fact that we see maybe a little bit of movement in China but not substantially. So that will be a very important factor to look at if and it's a big if, during the second half of this year, demand growth would be there in China on a substantial basis. And the other point, I mean, we expect, I mean, that energy costs were going to be, let's say, relatively modest, of course, a big advantage that can leverage upon in the United States. Energy costs have gone down in Europe. But of course, we all know that they are still -- energy is still very expensive in Europe. But we don't see immediately from today's perspective that energy costs in Europe would certainly return back means that like we had gas price above €130, €140 per megawatt hour that we have seen at the end of 2022. So China continues to be a big question mark. And then how will the inflation influence consumer behavior in Europe as well as in the United States.
Peter Vanacker: Thank you very much, everybody. As usual, excellent questions, very thoughtful questions. We, of course, look forward to sharing our progress in delivering LyondellBasell strategy and unlocking additional value over the coming months. I wish you all a great weekend, and as usual, stay safe. Thank you.
Ken Lane: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. We're seeing modest improvements from Q4. Q4 being very low, and we saw a lot of destocking, especially in Europe in the fourth quarter. So I'd say overall demand is going to modestly improve going into Q2. We typically see some seasonal improvement. We have begun to see some improvement in China. The consumer is sort of waking up there. So my expectation is that as we get into the second half of the year, that's probably going to be the biggest opportunity for improvement in the market is going to be how quickly China comes back I don't think in Europe and in the US, you're going to see anything different than the normal kind of Q2, Q3 peak and then a decline in Q4, which is normal for those markets. But we should see Asia performing stronger in the second half.
Ken Lane: Yes. Thanks for the question, Josh. No, there's nothing that we see really meaningfully different in terms of the developments around China capacity additions. They seem to be coming on about the way that we had expected. So really nothing new there. But again, what we're starting to see is consumption is improving, converters and downstream customers are being a little bit more careful. They're not wanting to build inventory. So that's part of what we see in terms of, I'd say, the slow ramp-up. They're being very risk-averse, but the demand is beginning to come back a little bit as far as consumer goods. To the point that Peter made earlier, durables are less strong in terms of the recovery, but we still see good demand in food packaging and those sorts of markets.
Ken Lane: Yes. So exports from North America have gone up in the in the month of March pretty significantly, if you look at the ACC data. So that's going to continue, I think, into the second quarter.
Ken Lane: And just -- one thing I do want to add to that is when you look at the resins that we develop and the mechanical recycling capability that we have, being able to optimize those things. So -- if you think about some of our new resins coming out of the Hyperzone asset, they are very good to be able to increase the recycled content. So there is an advantage by optimizing your portfolio of virgin resins and recycle it content.
Ken Lane: Sure, Matthew. So we are in a really good position, as you can imagine, for North American feedstock advantage, the oil and gas ratio is very strong. Our outlook is that that's going to continue. We've seen good increases in production in North America in NGLs. And if you look at ethane and propane inventories, they're at high levels and production continues, so I expect that we're going to see in the midterm continued strength in the advantage for North America. And like we said in the prepared statement, the -- some of the delays in the production issues that are happening with the North American capacity that's coming on, should continue to lend support to polyethylene pricing. And we've got price increase announcements out there. And certainly, we're optimistic that we'll be able to secure for that.
Ken Lane: Yes. Sure. So listen, I'll just continue. Nothing really more to add. We are seeing tightness in some market segments more than others, which is things like high-density polyethylene, you've probably heard the issues around some of the tightness in the markets there. We expect that's going to continue, but not a lot really to add. These things are a little bit hard to predict. And exports, like we had mentioned earlier, did creep up in March, and that's always going to be one of the key factors in terms of new capacity coming on with the feedstock advantage that we have here, a lot of that new capacity is going to go offshore. And we're not faced with any of the supply chain issues like what we were seeing in the early fourth quarter those issues are gone. So the ability to move product offshore is going to help sort of evacuate that volume fairly quickly.
Ken Lane: Yes, yes. I would say destocking, we don't really see that occurring anymore and people are being cautious in terms of their inventory levels.
Ken Lane: Thank you for the question, Hassan. I mean like I said before, we've seen this capacity coming for several years. There's not anything really new here. You're exactly right, linear low and high-density capacity has really been differentially higher coming online than low density. But it doesn't change our outlook. We know -- if you go back to the fourth quarter, we really did hit sort of the bottom of the cycle at that point. And now as growth begins to come back in the market, that's going to absorb that capacity. We will sometime in the next several years, get back to a more normalized level of earnings. So not really anything new to add to that. These are things that happen, and we just we have to work through that in the marketplace.
