Matthew Miszewski: Yes, Jordan, it’s Matt Miszewski. Thanks for the question. In keeping in alignment with what Andy have stated in his opening remarks and especially in our core markets but more broadly as well we see stable to slightly improving rates, which also happen to be coupled with some of the great work that Jarrett’s team is involved we’ve been focused on cost containment in design and construction. So that we expect as the programs that we’re developing right now move forward to have even better performance from a pricing perspective. As our ecosystem development work that’s underway right now starts to take hold. The pre-leasing rates that in these markets similarly look good. Internationally in particular rates look fairly strong. So strength in Chicago, in Ashburn, in Dallas and in Singapore which is great given the new facility that we just launched.
Matthew Miszewski: And Jon just to give you a little bit of color. While we had a good quarter with regard to those top cloud service providers still 37% of the revenue we closed year-to-date has come from other cloud service providers. So we have a diversity of cloud exposure including 50 new logos that were landed year-to-date inside the smack verticals. So we’re fairly happy with that diversity.
Matthew Miszewski: And in Jonathan just real quick. I mean there’s that there are a couple of places where we are being more selective moving forward. As you know from the most recent Investor Day our focus on serving enterprise customers through the channel is certainly one of those cases, which actually makes the terms that that those organizations except a little bit easier on us and make the economics a little bit better for us as well as for the end customers down the road. The second piece is that the ecosystem development that we’re undergoing right now will really drive who we pursue in terms of end target customers. We’ve moved to a new account targeting solution that allows us to hit not just the top cloud service providers, not just the massive cloud service providers but really about 500 targeted accounts that we can focus on and then also focus on the channel. So that’s the targeting that I was really referring to. And the final piece is we do continue to have a great strategy of building up incredible campuses. And so we want to make sure that we have multi data center campus facility and so we need to attract those types of customers and I’ll let Jarrett.
William Stein: Great question Jordan and really since before the acquisition of Telx but really with the acquisition of Telx and working closely with that team we’ve been focused on making sure that the funnel is not just full, but it’s full of the right opportunities in the right target accounts. Given our targeted focus on SMACC continuing, social mobile, analytics cloud and content, but especially inside that cloud and social verticals our funnel has been slightly - it has slightly improving margins in it currently and I do say currently because its pipeline and we have to close, but we’re pretty happy that we’ve been able to slightly expand the margin inside the funnel as we start to work together with multiple products. In addition but we’ve been working together very, very closely with multiple clouds - large cloud service providers to make sure that we can match value for value going forward given their demand and given our capacity and given the pipeline, the pipeline margins this would give the pipeline margins for the rest of this fiscal year and moving into Q1 of 2017 potentially better outcome.
William Stein: It may have not flow through to our supplemental because until a commencement happens on a lease, it won’t show up in a utilization stat and some of those buildings are kind of portions of our building, so you can’t always see it transparently. We have seen some traction increase not on the East Coast, but also the West Coast. I’m not sure that’s kind of coastal specific, I think it’s more a testament to onboarding more QBRs and we have several on-ramp that newly joined the Company. And they’ve, quite frankly, the new QBRs have driven a lot of new logos and customers which is what I would say attributed to Telx’s successor in the quarter which was certainly backend loaded more towards June and the beginning of the quarter and then that success is certainly spilled over in the month of July.
William Stein: Hey, Lukas. So as Andy said, actually I feel like we’re further along on the equity assets than Telx at the same time just because of the nature of the acquisition, so I think it should take less time. So looking at the M&A environment, there are certainly quite a few opportunities out there. I think that been written about. And Scott and his team are constantly scanning landscape and looking at those opportunities and we will see what happens. Scott, do you want to add anything to that.
William Stein: Yes. You had south-side got that skill. That’s right. So I would certainly characterize it as you did. I was not pleased with what I call below average scale product signings in the quarter. We do think that the pace was due to a couple of things that you mentioned, but also the normal lumpiness that’s become part of our business especially given the new hyper-scale demand that’s out there. But also as you said a more selective approach to making sure that we land the right mix of customers at the maximum - to maximize the long-term value that we think we have inside of our ecosystem. So this means, as you said one of the potential reasons for that number is our continued commitment to a disciplined approach to our underwriting criteria and focusing really on top tier markets and not focusing on tertiary markets where some customers may have a desire to go and then maintaining a disciplined underwriting and pricing regimen to protect long-term value. And on your second question, really the overall demand remains strong. It’s evident by the July that we’ve had so far in both sections of our global business as well as the healthy pipeline that I talked about which has the potential for margin expansion as we move on. We do think that we’re on track now to resume normal levels in the second half across all parts of the business in 2016. Specifically though with regard to your question about demand and cloud demand remaining strong especially where we are in our global markets where we operate. It’s important to remember that that cloud business is still one of the fastest growing segments landing in our industry and from analysts from right scale all the way through to Gartner they all tend to agree that we are actually in the early innings of this new cloud ecosystem breaking out. We are also starting to see the green shoots. We’re seeing mass adoption of a diversity of cloud players not just the major cloud players and early adopters that are out there which we think and to get your last question. We think we’re uniquely situated to be able to land. We do believe that we’re the only Company in this space that is very focused on providing great scale solutions for folks who need scale solutions including those cloud service providers, but also providing colocation right next to it at a latency that can’t be beat as well as the security that comes with the power of private networking or interconnection products. So we really think that the secular demand drivers in the cloud industry are continuing to push them and we are uniquely situated to be able to address it.
William Stein: Sure. So the breakdown on the $0.10 is really kind of a third, a third, a third story. The first third is kind of outperformance which we’ve already mentioned topline G&A, OpEx. That we kind of got in the bag from the performance in the quarter. The second, third is kind of flow through from that operational performance into the back half of the year and the last third is due to the big question. Overall net accretion from the act the - buy the European portfolio acquisition and the funding with the asset sales and the equity and also the repayment of the debt and preferred. So the third, a third, a third, a third, the first two-third operational related the last third more or more accretion from our most recent investment. On the topline the two things what’s kind of held us back from kind of nudging that up at this time, one was the - we are going to lose some revenue when we sell our fully leased property at St. Denis here fairly shortly. And two we do have some FX headwinds in the top revenue line item which or heads when it comes down to core FFO per share gains but on that top line of our guidance going to use the growth.
William Stein: Hey, Vince. The key guys are intending to stay through the balance of the year. And we’re working on contracts for them that will tie them up beyond that.
William Stein: Manny, it was a disproportionate focus on market ready inventory that we were still clearing out, so I’ll agree with Andy that while I would love the 1.5 to stick a little bit. You should expect to see revert to the norm coming up especially given July.
William Stein: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. So the competitive environment is I would characterize it as strong for especially what we turn the hyper-scale opportunities that are out there about 3.5 megawatts and above. And as you know we’re certainly not new to the cloud service provider environment. We continue to get our fair share each and every quarter, but most importantly our focus on is on getting them at the right returns for Digital Realty, so we stay very focused on that. With the competitive bids, it does put a certain amount of power in these cloud service providers hands and we find that the closeness that we have with a number of them and extending to all of them as we move forward gives us the ability to have that value for value conversation that I referenced earlier. So we know that they have a high degree of value on things like inventory availability and large scale inventory availability as well as connectivity to colocation facility. And as we unearth those opportunities with cloud service providers they see the value, they match the value and it allows us to not just go to the lowest price, but to go to the best value for Digital Realty. And so that’s really been our focus and it’s going to continue to be.
William Stein: Thank you, Dan. I’d like to wrap up our call today by recapping our second quarter highlights as outlined here on Page 19. We had another very productive quarter characterized by solid execution against our strategic plan. In particular, we further advanced our global footprint with the European portfolio acquisition. We also delivered solid current period financial results. We beat the Street by $0.04 with better than expected results above and below the NOI line. We also delivered outsized AFFO per share growth during the quarter. The quality of our earnings is improving and the growth in cash flow is accelerating. We raised guidance by $0.10 with an improving outlook for most of our key metrics and solid progress towards our three-year target of 200 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion. Finally, we further strengthened our balance sheet with proceeds from asset sales and a successful forward equity offering that coincided with our inclusion in the S&P 500 index. In conclusion, I’d like to say thank you to the entire Digital Realty team whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution against our strategic plan. Thank you all for joining us and have a great summer.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Jonathan, this is Andy. In terms of remaining milestones I would say unifying the brand under one brand across the Company is a big one, one global sales force is another big one that is going on, both of those going on really right now. Remaining milestones other than, obviously, meeting or exceeding our underwriting targets probably be more back of the house oriented in terms of accounting systems that will eventually be fully united and kind of HRIS systems. I think in terms of facing the customer and driving more revenue, the two that we mentioned on this call are the biggest that are kind of nearing the end zone. On the European portfolio acquisition, quite frankly its early days, we are delighted to receive approval from the commission and ultimately closing the acquisition what is I guess a handful of days or weeks ago. We think we got a really talented team along with some very attractive assets coming on board. We have onboarded some consulting help to kind of help us simulate the 130 team members and assets with our existing franchise in Europe. So we probably have more to post you on that integration coming next earnings call, but just a handful of weeks of post closings, so far so good.
Andrew Power: Maybe just to rehash Lukas on the first part then I’ll hand it back to Bill and Scott on other deals. I mean quite frankly, we’re fortunate very similarly to our Telx acquisition in buying a very strategic and complimentary collection of assets and team members. In Europe, previously our position was much more anchored around our scale leasing and more campus oriented products. What we’ve closed on with the eight assets and that team is prized assets in the Dockland of London or the size parker Amsterdam or actually in Frankfurt it works very well with the land we purchased and a sales force oriented towards selling that small footprint, higher price point, colocation and interconnection oriented offering. So that’s what makes this one a little bit easier, is that there is no expense synergies being sought here. We actually want to put additional resources to support the sales force. It’s very complementary with the existing team over there. They’ll be moving into our office on Gracechurch Street within the month where we had a little space to fit the corporate team. And so I don’t have a date to fill, but I think this one could actually integrate more efficiently or more timely than Telx. And I’ll turn it back over to Bill and Scott to handle the back half of your question.
Andrew Power: Sure. Let me timing this is Andy. Since matching dress and some of these already. So a couple topics one timing why I’d always love to have a better fiscal second quarter rather have a better deal on July 1, then a less attractive deal on the June 30. So I think you saw a little bit of that with the volume of sign that just got signed the first few days or weeks of the month of July. And just to put a little more meat on the bone that’s going from a diversity of different types of customers. It’s included hyper-scale top three cloud providers, a sizable chunk from other cloud providers that aren’t in the top three and then another chunk from the rest of what we call smack of the digital economy or IT services or other transaction verticals. So we’re seeing that our demand signings in the second quarter and July from diverse growing customer sets. The other thing I think that to draws the distinction, it is not just about pricing the profitability to we’re really focused on driving the long-term growth in the cash flow and attractiveness in value of our assets our campuses and our gateways with a diversity of different customers versus some of our peers who may be more focused on being in non-core market to us or doing a full build to suit with one customer in one shot. So we always want more exposure and more signings at the right rates from the top cloud providers but we’re focused on collective portfolio and drove that cash flow and value our assets.
Andrew Power: I would add is that this particular team really of their own volition went into this process along with these data assets to kind of essentially at the EU request set up a standalone business that could stand on its own if it had to. So talented individuals across multiple departments coming together with the strong leaders and quite fortunately landed in our hands. We’re the complimentary buyer no synergies expected, so very little overlap of any and we are able to kind of - we think the combination of our European portfolio plus data assets and teams, one plus one we feel is greater than two there.
Andrew Power: You know, I quite frankly we’re fairly cautious when it comes to kind of a going out too far in terms of future rank growth here. I could say at the larger end of the scale, the biggest buyers they are buying bulk and taking on numerous megawatts have the greatest pricing power and their rates are certainly flat. They’re not seeing any type of rent spike. If you walk down to the other side of the spectrum and look at our smallest footprint colocation, I think you can look at the cash release and spreads which is up now 5% for the second quarter and it was a pretty sizable this quarter actually amount of leases - just in terms of colocation that rolled up, so we were able to roll these customers up 5%. And they are able to generate some pricing power. Between those two goalposts its very market and customer episodic.
Andrew Power: Manny, I am trying to flip to get that Page and are following this financial supplemental. I think the only - I think we may be more accurately mapping towards the NOI buckets this quarter than previously. I’m not aware of a dramatic change quarter-over-quarter.
Andrew Power: I think the short number is just a smaller sample size that actually closed during the quarter. So I think you can get back to the previous bars on what the signs in July in the rest of the quarter. So I mean, we like the short side to commencement because the cash flow comes quicker, right versus kind of the leaving something that you have to build and come online in a year to two years, but I don’t think one and a half months is definitely an anomaly.
Andrew Power: So in terms of the underwriting the second part of your question we’re still believe in our underwriting of the 13 times EBITDA that we announced when we made the acquisition announcement last May. So nothing’s changed in terms of outlook there and that’s what’s included in our revised guidance for 2016. In terms of revenue it’s really about the gain from a partially a period on the pre-portfolio has been offset by FX headwinds and revenue loss associated with the safety knee asset. And also the portfolio assets that we’ve now closed on. So both of those disposed, we lose some revenue in the back half of the year and we have some ethics headwinds offsetting other revenue gains from the European portfolio. How that one do.
Andrew Power: I think just to clarify and I will let Matt clarify as well had some a counter. I don’t think that we have lots of great customers over 2000 customers now could in our most recent acquisition. I don’t think we’re choosing customers that we don’t want to do business with and I regard I think all of our customers are great and we want to continued more business and grow our customer base. I think it’s making sure we pick our spots on the right opportunities. So buildings on our campus or within are gateways that we can fill with the diversity of different take and small cloud service providers other parts of our smack vertical, IT service providers, corporate enterprise that all want to thrive and continue the growth space and there. We find that is a better opportunity to land versus it on the core market or outside the core market especially not going after a kind of one big swath of leasing slash capital and almost like single tenant build to suit opportunities. We think the former versus a lot us more attractive to what we put our capital.
Andrew Power: Hey, Richard this is Andy. Even with the absorption of - you’re correct lower margin than existing digital. Based on the outperformance we’ve seen on the EBITDA side or expense side year-to-date and what we’re trending for the remainder of the year. We think we’re going to be able to absorb that portfolio and continue to maintain - I should say deliver slightly higher than previously disclosed EBITDA margin. There is a little bit of an order of magnitude going on here with the portfolio being $900 million and relative to digital size.
Andrew Power: On the development CapEx spend. I think you’re right. We’re probably if you look to those two goal posts we’re probably close to the low end than the high end. But I won’t put it out of reach yet. But I would say we’re probably guide into a little bit on that spend towards the low end.
Andrew Power: Sure. I would say - so our bumps are 2% to 3%, but not all 3% just to be clear. So I think the reason we really changed increased our same capital cash NOI growth. We’re doing a little bit better on the retention. Doing a little bit better on a cash mark-to-market then from a quarter ago and that kind of translates into that kind of a 3 to 3.5 constant currency growth rate. You are not - that space and there’s a pretty demonstrative footnote at the top does not have the Telx colocation, mark-to-market really running through it, as we want to really reflect the true chain capital stabilized portfolio, so you’re not getting the 5% plus mark-to-markets like we’re seeing on the colo side yet. Next year we’ll be in that pool, but right now this is just really retention and modest mark-to-market from the - are more of our scale leases expiring and for those and those 2% to 3% rate bumps and then managing the OpEx prudently.
