Andrew Power: I'll try to weave the questions into a couple coherent answers, and I think we're going to probably ping-pong around the team here. So first off, U.S. markets, I would say this, the second quarter was accentuated with some pockets of strength in some more unusual places. As well some places where we've been pretty consistent kind of working from East to West, the Northern New Jersey, New York metro market that is continue to tighten. And we saw few wins in the financial services and other related verticals in that market during the quarter hop down to Dallas our Richardson campus. We continue to expand with both our existing and new customers landing on that campus and quite pleased with the progress on that market. And then over to the West Coast Santa Clara, obviously a very, very tight market we had both enterprise related and also top cloud service provider wins during 2Q. Looking a little bit into crystal ball more into back half of the year, I would say the Toronto market, where we had some great wins earlier in the year continues to be very tight. I think we're very well positioned with our campus location in that market. A brand new asset and we've had a few customers landing and also looking to expand in that location. We are looking at the incremental opportunities in - New York metro area. And also two markets, obviously a little bit more challenge for both Northern Virginia and Chicago. Bill related some of the good news on Chicago. So we're hoping for some green shoots there and in Northern Virginia we're also working on some capacity, some existing customers looking to expand with adjacency as well as some new customers looking to land on our market leading campus. I think you touched on London and Europe, maybe I'll hit that and then hand off Korea to Bill or maybe Craig can chime in on Frankfurt portion. So maybe on the front end, the Frankfurt-market as we mentioned has been one of our hottest markets, we initially ended that market just a few years ago. I think our first anchor customer was a top 3 CSP. We subsequently grew with an enterprise customer. And if you could see the absorption on our leasing table and developments, that was certainly our star for the quarter and we’re rapidly running out of capacity in that market. Maybe Greg, do you want to talk about some of the activity in our other release there in terms of expanding.
Andrew Power: Sure so the - what I would say on that front. So we - got a couple things going against us in terms of the same-store pool. Obviously that the FX which we highlighted in the script, we also had the customer bankruptcy that we reserve for last quarter and it's going to flow through this quarter. There also - we also had a tough comp in terms of real estate property taxes. Quarter a year ago had some benefits. This quarter we started accruing for one of our central regions. If you net that out, it's not quite as bad on a kind of same-store basis, I think negative 5 is like closer to negative 2.5 when you kind of do the normalizations on both periods and the negative, it's really due to in our largest exploration year and despite quite strong retention. We've had some down time when released in capacity. As we also highlighted in our script quite pleased with the trajectory of the new signings the 57 new logos, great interconnection signings, multimarket, multi-GO colocation APAC. But there was one point, it's the signed commences, close to eight months. So in year 2019 contribution that might flow through that same-store pool is not as great as we'd like it to be in - the flip side of that that leaves inventory for our sales reps to be selling moving ready space in some hot markets and you could see in our self we will have capacity sitting available in a market like Amsterdam, which is obviously tightening on the backdrop of some of the municipality, moratoriums. Osaka, which has been a harder market and even three meg sitting in Frankfurt. We're quite honestly will probably be a food fight over that last capacity on that campus. And then lastly, I would just say while the same-store pool is very valid and very instrumental looking our financials, our dialogs with our customers is a total commercial package. So we're often tying in multiple product lines, new signings and renewals and a complex commercial solutions for our customers. So some often like a little bit in this quarter and certainly in the prior quarter, we may give a customer some relief on existing contract, but we're winning incremental on a share of their business and good returns and it's a win-win for the customer benefiting from platform digital and a commercial win for the company.
Andrew Power: Yes. I think what you have is a little bit of a small sample set as you can see, especially on the square footage 39,000 versus almost 2 million a square feet in the prior quarter. So it's literally only four renewal contracts that happened this quarter. So 1, 1.5 depending on the square footage rating renewed. I believe that was a customer in our Houston footprint, not a large market for Digital Realty or a major focus and I think we only have a site or two in that market, but I would say it's pretty much an anomaly. And as you recall from last quarter, those power based buildings are typically very high retention rates and use the longest duration renewals given the fact that the customer is often putting even more substantial capital commitment into that capacity. So I don't think there is a trend or anything in that renewals time.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Colby. I think there is a bunch of numbers questions in here. So let me try to tackle all three and no specific order. So actually, maybe I'll work in reverse order because it might be easier. So available capacity, I think we're set up pretty nicely in terms of available capacity in the back half of the year and you can see that either and what's on our development cycle in terms of unleased capacity or you can see in the pre-stabilized, just delivered and highlights in that - in those markets are as I mentioned, Frankfurt, Osaka, Amsterdam, London. These markets in our Latin America platform as well. So I think we're set up pretty nicely in terms of available capacity, they're coming on, back half of this year. But as you know, as we move into the back of this year, we're also working on capacity that's even coming on line in early 2020. So and many of these tighter markets be the Tokyo and others, the customers really stretching out the timelines been coming to us even earlier given there such limited capacity. What I'd like more in some of those markets, of course, Frankfurt’s a market where we just seen a rapid acceleration. So and it's a tightening market hence it's been tough to get land parcels and quite pleased with a global investment team is great work and timing that down on the heels of our success. But net-net, I think we're in a pretty good space for back half of 2019 going into 2020. Markets coming online and with capacity in the backdrop attractive demand. Going to - I think your guidance question, if you net out the outcome on the guidance, we obviously beat our internal numbers in the first quarter, largely due to some timings on the incentive close and our funding for bridging of our partners equity and being compensated for that. And as you move into second quarter, we kind of came in line with our numbers and if you look at kind of the math, you pretty much need to kind of flat line-ish with the second quarter numbers into both Q3 and Q4 to kind of get roughly to the midpoint of our guidance. I would say you've got a couple of things going on there. One, you can obviously - NOI coming online for capacity that are signed, but not commence. So that's the positive - the headwinds, which makes us reaffirm our guidance at its current range are, you have FX continuing to be a headwind one, a year-over-year basis. Two, you have our equity forward which we delayed to match our sources and uses to later in the year, so the share count from that equity forward getting drawdown is going to come into the share count and then three, I mentioned the headwind with the property tax accrual. Again, we do look to try to modify those an appeal, but we're not going to win or any type of appeal on that in, call it three months time. So those are the offsetting headwinds. And as I mentioned the signings while great quality on many metrics across the board, it does have a longer signed a commenced time period of eight months, so it's probably doing a little bit more - the second quarter signings are probably paying a little bit work to building this up for our 2020 numbers then actual in year 2019 contribution, but the positive - as I mentioned will leave us with moving ready capacity in several great markets for our sales reps to be selling into right now. Last but not least on the guidance table, we did improve our expectations for our cash mark-to-market for the full year. We don't want to specify any specific confidential customer dealings. What I can tell you is among our large both legacy digital and legacy DFT customers, we're moving closer and closer to final resolution of the path forward on some of their capacity renewals. We've worked with this customer who we've been helping in growing their capacity over the 12 – last 18 months. Across now, I think I believe all three of our connected Ashburn campus is the triangle that surround Loudon County. We've been helping them with connectivity across these campuses. Their needs and requests over time have changed and I think the shape and form of that renewal will be constructive for both the customer and for digital and likely result in a little bit better outcome in terms of rate as we push out some of those contracts that do expire over several years to begin with. A couple of years from there into the future. So that was really the driver for the guidance table change. So we do expect to complete that renewal in short order.
William Stein: I think Korea could be - we think Korea is going to be pretty similar to Japan in terms of how it plays out. We're not - we haven’t decided yet whether we're going to pursue that on our own or with a partner, but clearly we went into Osaka several years ago. Created a connected campus that's worked out extremely well for us and likewise, we've been building up in Tokyo. So Seoul is really the next leg of that strategy.
William Stein: I'm sure, Michael. Well I mean, I think - that our performance hopefully in the second quarter is consistent with what we said in March, when we said we weren't going to write-off the balance of the year and I think clearly that's not the case. I think if you look at the second quarter versus first, there is a clear positive momentum and acceleration. It's our third highest bookings quarter, as Andy said, with a record number of new logos, standing at 57. And frankly, we expect continued improvement during the balance of the year. It's great to be able to leverage our global footprint. And that's how that's working out. So we expect that international is going to play a major role in the back half of the year. But we still would see a fair share of bookings coming out of North America. To sum up, we remain highly confident in the long-term - demand drivers for our business. Those being big data, mobile and Internet of Things and we really like our position given the strength of our global diversified platform.
William Stein: Well this new market entry, and the expansion into - expansion Frankfurt, the re-entry into Paris. It's all based on conversations that we have with our customers. So it's - we're not going into these markets on a purely speculative basis. It is more than one customers do.
William Stein: So, in regards to my commentary, I was speaking to our dialogues with our customers and so, not on a speculatively basis, really what we're seeing in terms of opportunities. Listen, Northern Virginia Ashburn obviously the largest market in the world. It's been the most robust and diverse. At the same time, it's become one of our most competitive markets and we're certainly seeing some pricing pressure on new opportunities while at the same time, some of our larger customers have been in code digestion mode for the first half of this year. We think that this market is going to work through this current supply demand challenge and we're optimistic on the market. We think these hyperscales are going to resume their growth and we are seeing some green shoots around some of these private outfits, not just in that market, but broadly speaking. Some of the private outfits who have entered the market in the last 12 to 18 months, who will either not move forward with speculative capacity or we have even seen signs where some of our selling land that they previously bought to build data center capacity. In the meantime, we're just being picking our spots so we're trying to find places where we compete beyond price, where our unique global platform can add substantial value that is customers who need a global partner in the full product suite. It's our installed and growing customer base on our Northern Virginia campuses that wants to grow with adjacency. And then lastly, it's customers to place value on the longest runway for growth for their deployments in that market, which they find in our campuses.
William Stein: Well, I would just put some finer details, but I don't think we're - I think we’ll feel pretty good of our supply chain in Ashburn and other markets. And it’s these much more tighter markets be it a Paris or Frankfurt, South Korea, new market entry where we're focused on the land. So I don't see us other than the small parcels that really physically connected the campuses and added incremental Ingress/Egress to an existing campus partially owned. I don't see this picking up those land parcels. I do see as a good sign as potential competitor, the tide of potential competitors subsiding a little bit here, which helps overall backdrop. But going back to the demand that I was referencing, it hits all those highlights I was talking about, it was international customers looking for global partners across the full product spectrum. It's customers that landed in like certain building already on our campus and wants to grow 1 megawatt or 2 megawatts right next door. It's the larger customers who - we’ve already built the entire shell for and they're building out their capacity and call it three, six megawatt chunks and I have kind of anchored all their infrastructure on our campus. And lastly it specific customers that say, this is not my first time to lay my workload. I need to find a partner that is going to give me a really long runway for growth and they find that with Digital Realty. So all those are kind of examples I can think of mine of either opportunities we land in recent quarters or opportunities we're working on right now, in a still fairly competitive Ashburn market.
William Stein: That's a market where there are certain private smaller location operators that are solely competing on price. That will likely in deals just to fill capacity and my guess is will be a short-lived run in our business quite honestly, given the competition. We're picking our spots. We're trying to find customers that really value our product offering and not just going to the lowest common denominator on price and we've been winning on those merits for some time. So obviously that's a market where the pricing has been under pressure given the relative supply demand backdrop. What I would - Eric what my comment really goes to is I don't think demand is bearing as some might suspect, and that's based on conversations we're having live with our customers. And we're going to pick our spots and be competitive and work through a potential temporary dislocation this market. And in fact, when you look at this in the broader digital realty, platform backdrop I think it's just a small piece of our puzzle as you saw from a quarter where we sequentially increased the signings 24 plus percent put up our bronze medal or number three in our records and Ashburn really didn't play to master amount to those signings at all. So I think we're going to work through this and come out the other side of this just fine.
William Stein: Thank you, Andrea. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the second quarter, as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. We advanced our top priority of deepening connections with our customers, delivering all-time high new logos, our second best renewal leasing in interconnection bookings and our third highest total bookings in our history. We extended our global footprint and took steps to secure our supply chain with several strategic land acquisitions. We re-entered Paris, we secured our second campus in Frankfurt and announced our entry into South Korea. We also underscored our commitment to delivering sustainable growth for all stakeholders with the publication of our inaugural ESG report and our official recognition as an Energy Star Partner. Last but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet with redemption of high coupon debt and preferred equity and the opportunistic issuance of another $900 million of long-term capital. As I do every quarter, I'd like to conclude today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty family, whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. Thank you all for joining us. I hope you enjoy the dark days of summer and hope to see many of you at marketplace live in New York in November.
