Andrew Power: Thanks for the question. This is Andy speaking. I think given the Digital team on the call is in different locations right now to social distancing, Bill asked that I quarterback handing off the questions. I think I actually can start the first one and let that team chime in. So, Singapore, obviously, is a country that was early out of the woods and now kind of back in lockdown, so -- and having some impact to our delivery time there. And Amsterdam, a different story, not really COVID-related. It's more of the government's restrictions on certain locations. I would say, in Amsterdam, we've done a very nice job about being ahead of the game there with planning for an existing now multiple campuses with our combination with Interxion, in addition to tying up some lands that are outside the restricted area. I don't -- I'm not aware of restrictions that are akin to the Amsterdam scenario really elsewhere in the portfolio. There's obviously markets where we're running up to supply constraints. I think that Amsterdam scenario is -- lends itself to the incumbent players, like Digital, and keep some of the new entrants out for sure. We are seeing more COVID-related impacts that have government intertwined. Toronto is a market where we have our campus is under construction, building out future capacity, and that the government kind of leaned in and put a halt for some time before reopening, in particular, Hillsboro, Oregon, where we're building out a campus that's significantly pre-leased. That less government restrictions, I'd say, some -- we saw a significant amount of absenteeism that caused some delay in the labor side. But again, this is just a handful of select markets where we saw some potential disruptions to our deliveries that will impact our 2020, which we try to lay out in the script. I wouldn't say it's a widespread phenomenon within our portfolio at Digital.
Andrew Power: So, thanks, Jordan. Let me try and tackle this. So -- and one quick clarification. The first quarter came in above our internal expectations at $1.53. I think you might have said $1.57. So close enough for what -- where you're getting at here. So -- and we certainly had a complicated quarter for our friends on -- in the research community to follow us. I think when we're tracking the 23 or so analysts that cover us, I think we -- we only got to around seven that we're able to get all the moving parts, including interaction closing orderly into the numbers. So where we saw consensus, if you did the math, including the interaction in the share count and the like, was closer to 630-ish. And relative to beginning of the year and today, I think the things that changed that we try to highlight in our prepared remarks are -- roughly total a little over $0.25 of impact. Three buckets, the first two buckets being the major components. First one is we took this time in the context of certainly uncertain times, probably more so outside of our industry, but broader capital markets disruption and the like to do some balance sheet management. We opportunistically issued $650 million under our ATM, and we plan to bring our equity forward down sooner. That, I would say is, call it, $0.08 or so of the $0.25, and that was intentional. And that was intentional in the broader backdrop that was intentional because we also see investment opportunities to fund future growth. Hence, we've kind of took a more conservative balance sheet posture. The second major component, what I'd call on the FX and COVID impact maybe, call it, $0.13 or so in total. And I'd say it's roughly 50/50 between those two buckets. COVID has some smaller items like some -- a more conservative posture on our estimations of bad debt expense. But the major COVID item, I would say, is really going back to my response to the first question, was we are seeing certain jurisdictions in select markets putting restrictions on our ability to bring labor to the sites. So, a fantastic -- it's fantastic to have our global platform across 20 countries in 44 markets. But when you have a country like Singapore that was originally out of woods in terms of its exposure and then kind of goes back into lockdown, our 50-megawatt shell or, call it, 11 or 12-megawatt pre-leasing already, is going to certainly get delayed a couple of months. And that episodic thing in a handful of markets, which I highlighted, is certainly going to put a little dent into our revenue that is going to come across the P&L in 2020. But again, temporary impact and really goes back to the fluid dynamics around the COVID situation. And then last but not least, I would say, call it, the small minority, let's say, is Interxion related. I don't think when we stood at the beginning of the year, we thought we'd have the good fortune of navigating numerous European government jurisdictions and multiple shareholder votes and closed the transaction at the middle of March like we did. We initially estimated 1% to 2% dilution on that transaction, but the pull forward in earlier timing. And I would say a little bit, we're seeing some investment opportunities in our combined EMEA business, which will be $0.01 or so till 2020. That kind of rounds up the minority of the $0.25. Net-net, this is obviously -- we are always looking to grow our earnings as fast as possible. At the same time, I would look at our combination with Interxion, our balance sheet management, be it our cap or recycling or even the more smaller opportunistic things like further equitizing the balance sheet to fund future growth opportunities are really setting us up for more accelerating growth. And also at the same time, I don't think doing anything that's reckless in terms of our dividend coverage and the like. And then turning briefly to the re-leasing spreads. Taking a step back for half a second. Four of the five of the last years four of the last five years, we've actually had positive re-leasing spreads, if you go back to our supplemental to each of those years. This year, we're obviously guiding to down slightly. This is a stat where we usually overestimate the negative impact and outperform relative to guidance, as you saw just last year. In any given quarter, they could have an episodic customer that is renewing with an above-market lease. Usually, those transactions, be it any form of renewal, is something that's additive to our commercial negotiations where we can help these customers across multiple products, multiple geos, new business and renewals in a kind of comprehensive fashion. So, I don't think we're out of the woods on every single one of our contracts being below market whatsoever. And I think the trend is moving in the right direction in the stat. And we're certainly looking forward to getting to -- in the green territory on that stat moving forward and overall driving higher organic growth. 
Andrew Power: Thanks Richard. So, I would say -- I mean we've showed a pretty consistent stair step up over now several quarters. And each and every quarter has gotten a little bit better in terms of its volume and composition on multiple fronts. So, we're at just under 75, excluding anything for Interxion and it was very diverse. As we mentioned, APAC was a big contributor. It was -- Northern Virginia was a solid contributor, but I wouldn't say it took -- stole the entire show. And I think that if you got to really to peel the onion, going back to some of Corey's and Bill's comments, either in our prepared remarks, very healthy new logos. When you add up -- our new logos up, we're up to 120 new logos. So I don't -- usually don't like to annualize that, but on a 4% -- 4,000 customers, we're talking like almost 12% new logo generation growth from the combined platform. So, very pleased on numerous other key performance indicators and I think you heard a little bit about Corey's outlook on the pipeline, moving it into 2Q. 
Andrew Power: I'm pretty sure -- I don't believe David's ever given a signings pipeline or even a signings number. So, I'm not going to be the first one to unpack that on public air here. But I'm sure some transactions probably didn't get done during the quarter. I would say Europe, in particular, was in the middle of the COVID crisis a lot sooner than the United States. But I was pretty pleased when I saw close to 10 million of signings with that healthy consistency, numerous -- across numerous markets and so connectivity rich.
Andrew Power: Thanks Colby. So, I think our growth objectives for the business remain consistent. The only ounce of caution I put then is we're obviously in a whole brand-new world here that could have interim drag or longer-term acceleration, overall digital transformation that could further emphasize the growth of our business. But I think that mid to high single-digits kind of growth in our recurring cash flows or FFO, AFFO per share is still the bogey to -- or hurdle to shoot for and overcome. Going to the adjustments to FFO and to AFFO, really straight-line rents is just a GAAP phenomenon where we essentially kind of include the rental escalations or bumps. And depending on where the customers' contracts are in their life cycle, it can have a positive or negative impact. And depending on what type of -- whether customers ramping into our space or not can obviously have an impact. And the above and below market amortization is also a non-cash impact as well. So, I'm happy to -- with 4,000 customers in the breadth of our business, there's a lot of ins and outs that go into that number. If you want to ask another -- I'm not sure -- maybe I'm not hitting the heart of what you're seeking to understand there in terms of the impact.
Andrew Power: Yes, I think the more elegant answer to your first question is what's a combination of consolidating our highly connected colocation facility, the Westin Building and our combination with Interxion. Our mix of business is certainly moving much more towards a more granular customer base, more network-oriented customers. We're obviously going after the enterprise customer in hybrid multi-cloud environments. And that customer mix is going to have less -- much, much less of, call it, 15-year steady Eddie bump contracts, which is going to be at the end of the day, narrow, I believe, the gap between our FFO and AFFO per share over time versus if -- going back to our legacy, much more legacy business even -- kind of tell us kind of five years back. And then going to your second question on -- maybe I'll turn this over to Corey or Chris to answer about the second question, about customer behaviors or the buying patterns of the hyperscalers. 
Bill Stein: Thanks, Andy. So, we're absolutely delighted to partner with NVIDIA to extend machine and deep learning to data center to accelerate artificial intelligence. Digital is an early stage partner with NVIDIA. And together, we've pre-certified 24 locations around the world. Our Data Hub solution featuring NVIDIA DGX PODs provides buyers with a validated reference architecture and solution starter kit for rapid AI deployments on PlatformDIGITAL around the world. The combination of NVIDIA DGX and PlatformDIGITAL enables a secure and performance data center architecture for enterprises at any scale. We do have a pipeline of similar ones. In addition to NVIDIA, we've released solution offers with Cisco, IBM and Vapor IO. This is part of the PlatformDIGITAL road map that we published last November when we launched the platform. We're seeing multiple customer use cases across many industries. We've captured multiple customer wins across financial services, transportation and logistics and IT service industries. All of these customers are looking to unbound data processing and exchange limitations to enable intelligent insights for their business. Initial use cases include complex trade analytics and risk, AI-based cybersecurity and route optimization for connected vehicles. 
Bill Stein: Hey thanks, Jordan. I hope you and your family are healthy and safe as well. I'm going to toss it over to Corey to talk pipeline in response to your question there.
Bill Stein: I think -- honestly, if you look at the results so far, Interxion really only contributed, call it, two weeks or so of contribution. So, the first quarter results is primarily Digital. And just to reiterate, we did really do the facts and circumstances of moving to a work-from-home environment literally the day we closed Interxion. Put all of our statistics in here, excluding Interxion's, you could see the entire legacy or classic Digital business fundamentals. And in terms of contribution to guidance, I was not on the fourth quarter call, but Matt Mercier stepped in and did a very nice job, I thought, in laying out some kind of guide rails for legacy Digital, including on a standalone basis, what our top line would be and adjusting for the ins and outs of our dispositions and capital recycling, what we've called organic revenue growth in the mid-single-digits in 2020, which I would affirm is still accurate. And I would also -- we also stated that we had industry-leading EBITDA margins, which I would also affirm is still accurate. And I think that -- I'd say that's accurate, even pro forma for our Interxion combination, which obviously is a lower EBITDA margin business. So, just the comments were made back in February in terms of our organic growth profile, I would say, flow through into the guidance. And I would say the organic growth of the Digital business was a major driver of the outperformance from our internal perspective in the first quarter, which was a largely Digital-only quarter.
Bill Stein: So, of the $823 million, and I'm kind of bridging you between the quarter's changes, I would say, Interxion was probably like a $40 million -- almost $47-ish million contribution and the rest was really the ins and outs of Digital. And I think we put a cap rate and a return on the Westin purchase, about a 5.8% return so that you can kind of back into flipping that from an unconsolidated joint venture to a consolidated joint venture investment. And Erik, we're also more than happy to follow up post the call or work through any of the granularity. We understand when you joint venture and recycle $1.4 billion of capital in the last 90-plus days, buy out a partner on a $700 million asset and close a $8.5 billion strategic combination in Europe, it's not a simple quarter from anyone's modeling perspective.
Bill Stein: Thanks Shawn. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the first quarter as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. First, we enhanced the value of our platform, successfully closing on our highly strategic combination with Interxion as well as the acquisition of the Westin Building in Seattle and the Mapletree portfolio sale. Second, we also underscored our commitment to delivering sustainable growth for all stakeholders with community outreach initiatives, a renewable wind energy contract and new additions to our Board. Third, we maintain steadfast support for our customers, prioritizing health and safety while maintaining service levels. Last but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet with the opportunistic issuance of $650 million of equity capital. I'd like to conclude today's call by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty family, but particularly our frontline team members in critical data center facility roles, who have kept the digital world turning in the midst of this global pandemic. I hope you all stay safe and healthy and we hope to see many of you in person again soon. Thank you. 
