Scott E. Peterson: Thank you, Bill. Over the past several weeks, we have begun to evaluate every single property in our portfolio as the initial step in an assessment of our long-term performance potential. The results of this analysis will help prioritize capital allocations, decisions -- capital allocation decisions, focus individual asset strategies, and will also help identify potential disposition candidates. The preliminary conclusions of this analysis are that we have a substantial portfolio and it isn't going to turn on a dime. Improving our return on invested capital will be measured in basis points and it will be achieved over time. The only investment activity we closed during the first quarter was the contribution of a fully-leased data center for our existing joint venture with the fund managed by Prudential Real Estate Investor. This property is located in New Jersey and is fully-leased to a AA-rated financial services tenant with over 9 years of remaining lease term. It was contributed to the joint venture at a 7.1% cap rate, fully loaded for all closing costs and debt prepayment penalties. In early April, we sold a small single-tenant building to the user for approximately $42 million. We expect to book a gain on the sale of approximately $16 million in the second quarter. The only notable third-party transaction during the first quarter was Amerimar's acquisition of 401 North Broad, an Internet gateway in downtown Philadelphia. This property reportedly traded at a high 7s going-in cap rate, which does not include an estimated $70 million of projected CapEx, which would put the cap rate solidly in the 5% range. This transaction was fairly complicated to underwrite given its age, prior use and ownership structure, and we believe it will be a fair comp for these types of assets. The common theme among each of these transactions is that data centers continue to become more widely accepted as a mainstream asset class and a liquid private market is developing for these properties. I would now like to turn the call over to Matt Miszewski to shed some light on the demand curve and growth prospects data center investors are currently underwriting.
Scott E. Peterson: Part of the visibility on the asset sales, it's a little early in the process to speak to specifics on that. So we probably will have a better idea of some of the order of magnitude maybe in the next call. The general plan, though, is that we will sell the non-data center assets, the non-core markets, underperforming assets and evaluate the potential underperforming assets. And as Bill stated earlier, we'd expect to cull the bottom 5% to 10% of our portfolio over the next few years.
Scott E. Peterson: We don't make comments about individual customers, but we've enjoyed a great deal of success with Facebook, both as it started out a company and grew inside Digital's data centers. And we continue to see that progress moving forward.
Arthur William Stein: So we think that we are living in an improving fundamental environment. So we're actually quite comfortable living with shorter lease terms. In the first quarter, we did have a number of leases with lower-than-average lease terms. But it really varies. So the current pipeline has leases that are also quite a bit longer than what you saw on the first quarter. And our mid-market initiative is designed to even out some of that lumpiness. I just want to remind you that the first quarter is our third consecutive quarter of strong leasing volume. And we saw very stable pricing in the quarter. And in addition, we saw very encouraging results from mid-market initiative, which as Matt said, we're expecting $4 million to $7 million a quarter of mid-market revenues. So to sum up, we think the first quarter demonstrates the continued strength of the overall demand environment.
Arthur William Stein: Well, it's still early days. We do have a potential joint venture on Turn-Key assets. We're evaluating that right now in the context of the larger capital recycling initiative. And we are looking at potentially using joint venture capital to fund our growth initiatives in Asia Pac.
Arthur William Stein: So the buy-to-order, if you will, is really more targeted at the enterprise market. And the middle market would still require that inventory be available. So that tends to be absorbed very quickly after signing.
Arthur William Stein: Sure. Well, the update is that the search has started. So a recruiting firm has been retained and the expectation is that the process will be concluded some time in 2014. But in the meantime, the board and the Chairman of the Board, in particular, has indicated that he's confident with the current leadership that's in place. And the board is really focused on finding the right candidate versus rushing to find the candidate in an arbitrary period of time.
Arthur William Stein: Stephen, the criteria is really what you would expect for the CEO of any public company, and particularly one that's in the data center space. So it's an individual that is experienced in data centers, ideally, specifically, real estate, as a subset, technology and finance. But let me -- I want to reiterate here though that the company is really focused right now on pursuing its strategic vision during this interim period. And that represents optimizing our return on portfolio, recycling our capital, as Scott will speak to, and unleashing the intellectual capital of the organization.
Arthur William Stein: Sure, Vincent. So we think that it's possible to do both. So we basically build in blocks or modules. I think you've probably seen our presentations where you see how we build electrical rooms in Dallas, and it's been trucked up to our data center sites. So really, I think the issue is the level of redundancy that a particular customer might need. And we can adjust that through the assembly process, still maintain the cost efficiencies that we've achieved.
Arthur William Stein: Sure. Firstly, I want to emphasize, Bill, that rolldown is in our guidance. So there shouldn't be any surprise from that standpoint. And the -- we expect that rents could roll down in the 15% to 20% range for that lease.
Arthur William Stein: This is a new path forward that both I and the senior leadership team have created. And we presented it to the board, and we're presenting it to shareholders clearly, and we're going to be rolling it out to the employees as well.
Arthur William Stein: Mike, well, I mean, I think these are pretty basic and fundamental in terms of a strategic vision. So optimizing a return on the portfolio, recycling capital, unleashing the intellectual capital of our workforce, is motherhood and apple pie? And I can't really see anyone else disagreeing with those initiatives.
Arthur William Stein: But, Steve (sic) [George], just to be clear, one of the reasons that percentage went down is that we took some properties out of that bucket that were signed and shown as leased last quarter, and were moved out because the lease has commenced. So that caused the percentage to -- percentage lease decline. And in addition, we delivered some new pods to the bucket as well. Those are pods at Melbourne and St. Louis. So in Phoenix, we commenced leases that have already been signed. They moved out of the bucket. We also -- I mentioned some leases in New York and, again, that bucket percentage will go down. But at the end of the day, this is going to represent our finished inventory. It has to be leased. So I think you would expect, but for properties that are signed but not commenced, that lease percentage should be relatively low until the lease has commenced.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. Thanks for the question. The pricing differential, and we did talk about sort of the standout piece and with the good deal of the Q1 leasing being in Asia Pac, and certainly is significant that the pricing in Asia Pac remains strong. We do see relatively stable pricing throughout the U.S. with some small pockets of potential increased pricing power in areas like New York metro, and I would say stabilized pricing power in the places where most of our new deals are landing, including Ashburn, Dallas and Chicago.
Matthew J. Miszewski: So certainly, I'd be happy to refer to some of the trends that we've seen in the first quarter, as well as sort of an update to where we are in -- from Investor Day. And I did make mention during my prepared remarks about Northern Virginia certainly as a standout area that has got some reported strength in terms of the supply that's out there. And I do want to make sure that we color this the correct way. The supply announcements that happened in Northern Virginia were primarily what we refer to as shared infrastructure supply as opposed to our dedicated infrastructure supply that we have in that same market. So the industry does need to mature to the point that it takes into account some of these product differentiations. But across the board, we certainly did see an increase in supply. As I just mentioned, in terms of pricing, we are not seeing the macroeconomic event that would suggest there would be pricing pressure in that market for us, as our pricing ability in Northern Virginia remains relatively strong. I believe, at Investor Day, we discussed a little bit about Silicon Valley supply as well. And all of these things need to be taken as a whole. Supply, of course, exists in Silicon Valley. And there were some announcements that would suggest additional supply. But we have seen, on our side, in my team, a demand curve that's actually shifting up and to the right. And so, that demand characteristic matches up with the supply that we currently have in that particular environment, which by the end of this half will be small to nonexistent.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Happy to talk a little bit more about the leasing success and the vertical orientation, some of the leasing. We saw significant movement in terms of social media, the cloud being sort of a dominant part of the last 3 quarters of our progress, as well as some movement and some positive movements in terms of mobile applications, as well as content delivery. We believe that the progress in each of those areas in Q1 is indicative of the health of our ecosystem as we move forward. Each one of those has been identified as drivers of data center demand. But as we see us landing and capturing that demand, we think that bodes well for us.
Matthew J. Miszewski: So, yes, it's very interesting. I think we commented that 90% of our Q1 deals came from repeat customers of ours. And when we see repeat customers of ours, oftentimes, more than likely, we see those deals before they go out officially to RFP. So we see a good mixture of RFP-related demand, but we also, because of the relationships and the long-term relationships that we've had with our customers and the performance of our operational staff, we actually have a tendency to get some first looks prior to RFPs being released, then we have the ability to capture that demand pretty well.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. As you know, we are a big advocate of the digital ecosystem and that was -- the respect that I had for that process was based upon the promise of the digital ecosystem. During the first quarter, I got to see -- I was lucky enough to see the promise of that ecosystem now start to deliver itself in terms of actual results. And so -- and this was maybe a little less obvious in the prepared remarks that we had earlier. But we do believe that there's a shift happening in the data center market that used to focus on data storage as the highest-placed value, and now really focuses on the exchange of information as part of that value. When we started the digital ecosystem -- network ecosystem process, we had done it as a way to increase deal liquidity and to increase the size of those deals as they come out. We did see in Q1 some direct revenues that actually came out of that effort as well. So we're pretty happy to see the outcome be both direct and indirect to our bottom line.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes, that's a great question. And I would say that I certainly came in as a newcomer to the industry this last year with some of those same types of questions. I'd say that the past 3 quarters of very solid, dedicated infrastructure revenue that we produced is a pretty good testament to a strong and growing market out there for that particular type of product. But as Bill said, we can't keep our eyes closed to particularly new customer demands that are out there. We need to be open to that. And I think that the secret sauce moving forward is truly sort of getting the pieces that we have traditionally provided, that our customers have paid us for over the years. And coupling that together with what some of our partners provide to provide solutions that they're seeking in a new environment. And when we can do that, we find that the value that they're seeking matches well the value that we provide. And that's what we're going to try to do moving forward.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. So I don't think that -- to the question, I don't -- we always sort of bandy about the conversation about what the optimal amount of ready inventory is. But given Bill's comments about the just-in-time inventory adjustment that we're going to make, given that we can deliver within [indiscernible], it becomes a little less of a pressing issue for us. We simply don't see the need for us to hold on to a significant amount of inventory because we're able to satisfy the customer's needs relatively quickly. And I think I may have talked about this at Investor Day, as well. So you may want to refer back to that. The move-out is an interesting story. It was about a 300-kilowatt move-out. And in order for us to do that -- really the organization that did that was consolidating their operations, and they did that out [ph].
Matthew J. Miszewski: So I don't know if I've got that exact number. But I think what you're going for, between Q4 and Q1, I'm always careful about the word I use, but we did burn about 5 megawatts of that inventory. And moving forward, we feel like we've got a target on burning even more of that inventory in Q2. I think that gets towards your question.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. So great question about the product development that may be needed as we continue our customer focus moving forward. And you get right to the heart of what this senior leadership team over the past few weeks had struggled with and come to some conclusions about. We don't believe that there is a significant departure in terms of density and size, and what I call the building blocks of the solutions that our customers are seeking. The building blocks from our perspective will remain, space and power that we have delivered over time. They will also leverage our digital ecosystem in terms of the network deployments that we have made and that we have been able to leverage from some of our partners. And then, they will take some pieces from our partner ecosystem in the new Digital partner network, including items like managed services, cloud service provision, and the like, and they will be coupled together into solutions that our customers want. So in terms of what we need to provide from Digital's perspective, it remains in our wheelhouse. The density and size doesn't even change a whole lot. There may be a few things that we need to provide an individual market that maybe a little more dense or a little less dense, or a little larger, a little smaller. But the general facilities that we provide will continue to be the facilities we'll provide in the future for our customers. But the solutions will be different and will be tailored to their needs.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. So great question, Jonathan. We see a lot of demand. And it really, from a resiliency perspective, plays the gamut. But the greatness of sort of our POD 3.0 architecture is we can deliver the components that our customers are asking for within the same time frame from market-to-market. So we had an example in 2013, where someone did come to us with a solid N requirement and we were able to deploy a data center solution whose cost profile met their price profile and met exactly what they were looking for in terms of resiliency. So I think that if there is anything changing, folks are moving more towards our incremental process so that they can actually address differing needs without addressing -- without significantly augmenting the cost to deploy.
Matt Mercier: Yes, Tayo, this is Matt. Good question. So we've got 2.5% to 3% basically coming from -- we're talking about cash NOI growth. So we got 2.5% to 3% coming from just embedded rent bumps. And we've got probably 60 to 80 basis points from some of the expirations that we've talked about. And then, we also have another 2.5% to 3% coming from free rents of ramps that are burning off from the embedded portfolio, as well with some additional staggered lease commencements that were part of leasing we've done over the last year.
Matt Mercier: No. I mean, this is a positive thing. It's actually -- the spec revenue we've cut in half. So meaning, we've signed up and expect to commence $15 million to $20 million of what we had in the prior quarter. So that leaves a -- or $10 million to $15 million, I'm sorry. And now, we have another $10 million to $15 million left for the year. But it's a positive.
Matt Mercier: Yes. Well, clearly, we have a backlog of NOIs we've shown. But the run rate's meant to project where we expect to be starting as of the second quarter. I think there's a couple of other things to keep in mind. First, as we've shown, we did have dispositions, but that's bringing down the run rate. And in addition, we have contemplated an additional capital raise in the year. So that provides some additional headwind that we could be facing, as well as our development program runs down. I think we've talked about in the past that there's capitalized interest that will be coming down. So again, this is just meant to project where we'll be starting as we enter the second quarter.
Matt Mercier: I mean, that isn't apples-to-apples. I mean, just to be clear, it reflects what we expect to recognize from -- on a revenue basis from new leasing. It doesn't include re-leasing or renewal-type activity. So this is new incremental leasing. And at the start of the year, as we've noted, we had $20 million to $30 million expected from -- we expected to sign and commence from new leasing. And as a result of the strong first quarter results, we've cut that in half.
Matt Mercier: And just to follow-up. Most of that space is not in the pre -- is not going to be in the same capital pool. It's going to be in -- it's new space. And I think that I would refer you back to the 92% to 93% overall total portfolio occupancy that we're guiding to. We're at 92.1% to date. So clearly, that suggests that we expect to lease a decent amount of that pool in the remainder of the year.
