Andy Power: Hey. Thanks, Jon. I will -- maybe I’ll try to tackle some of the number of questions on the beginning and I’ll turn it over to Corey to talk about our channels and productivity. So just a cut them up in a little bit order here. So I would characterize, going to your second question about how much of our less than megawatt of colocation is kind of connectivity rich, I would characterize that is a highly connectivity rich piece of our business. In terms of the numbers of our customers of the 4,000 customers that we have a digital, the lion’s share of the customer count falls in that. They sit in typically some of our more highly connected destinations either dating back many years to our legacy Telx business or Interxion or Westin building or where we’ve organically grown our colocation connectivity suites across North America, I think, we have five markets across Asia-Pacific and elsewhere around the globe. So you typically see fairly sticky high retention, low churn, as well as fairly substantial pricing power quarter-after-quarter and you can see that in the retention table at the back of sup. And the definition didn’t change all that much when we migrated from the work colocation to a sizing definition. I think the first part of your question was called, look at the expiration schedule. I thought I heard a post year in 2022. I’m not sure my crystal ball can go with that much precision out that far. I would say, dramatically, we’ve been working through a few years now of more tougher sledding when it came to our expiration and that was in 2020, 2019, 2018, that was in size of the volume of the expirations, that was in the mix of expirations, in terms of kind of going back to more higher -- less pricing power locations, telco deals, concentrations of some multi-market, major customer renewals, I think we’ve done a nice job chopping a fair bit of wood and the front view mirror on the expiration schedule. What certainly looks better than what we’ve come through and I think you’ve seen that now, in terms of how our mark-to-market has called is being progressing in back into a better fashion as we kind of work through some of the lumpier contracts and you’re going to see it on the percentages of where the expirations kind of fall between the plus or minus megawatt category. So feels like we’re heading in the right direction on the expiration schedule and I didn’t touch -- definitely geographically just by the maturity of our business much were non-U.S. are out, call in EMEA, APAC type expirations into the future, which also call up higher barrier to entry, tough -- high pricing power markets. But I will turn to Corey to hit your -- the last part of your question.
Andy Power: Hey. Thanks, Jordan. I would say, all -- in total volume connectivity new signs was up. I think in terms of, call, lumpier concentrations, our Latin America portion of the portfolio was certainly a major contributor. In terms of the top markets for just overall the interconnection signs, in North America was some of the usual, New York Metro, Chicago, Atlanta. But also, I didn’t notice we had some pretty strong connectivity growth in both our Northern Virginia campus, as well as our Franklin Park Chicago campus. So not necessarily a legacy highly connectivity dense location, but it’s great to see that enterprise is landing there and growing their connectivity footprint. An answer to -- partly answer to Jon Atkins question we track our new logos on a year-over-year growth basis. We don’t have this for all of our new logos, because we’re kind of combining businesses over the last year, but I call the legacy digital subset that were here a year ago, there -- they grew their connectivity footprint north of 10% on a year-over-year basis, so the new logos are growing post-landing with us. So definitely pleased, and I mean, I think, it goes back to a lot of what Corey was saying about our reorientation across the Board in terms of bringing some critical puzzle pieces together in terms of our asset profile, our go-to-market strategy led by Corey, our PlatformDIGITAL bringing to the market and many other elements I think are tied together that’s driving that success.
Andy Power: Yeah. So, Northern Virginia, Jordan, obviously, you’re aware we have pretty incredible 2020 close to 85 megawatts sold overall. We kind of ran pretty darn tight on inventory based on that success, which is not necessarily a bad thing, given that the Northern Virginia has been kind of working its way out of the woods for some time now. So we ended the year with our development pathway with 100% preleased. We are now under construction and delivering building are in terms of our new build that will come along this summer. We did close to 5 megawatts of leasing in total in that market, including the full product suite. I would say the lion’s share of our focus is on the capacity we got back at the very beginning of the year. So which I mentioned we already released or pre-released on the last call. So really focusing on some of that non-retained capacity on our existing campus, but also we did landed anchor deal, a little chunkier enterprise deal and the building are coming on back -- on the back half of the year, then building on as a large shell that will call it deliver 6 megawatts suites in call it every other month type of fashion. So little tight right now, focused on where we’re place -- pushing customers, but a longer, larger runaway we’re building our company on the back end of the year.
Andy Power: I mean, I think, we have a pretty responsive pricing dynamic holistically, Mike. So it’s not just on renewals. We have a call it inventory price book for every type of capacity, for every duration of contract, for every market, for every product that is update on a recurring basis in response to what we see in terms of the supply/demand dynamics in the market. We obviously don’t have certain overlays in terms of customer relationships or in the larger growing customers or newer customers that we kind of make sure we’re responsive to at the same time. We’re certainly not sitting by idly when a market is weaker and we need to respond to that with pricing to be more competitive. And on the other flip side of that coin we’ve had experienced like in Singapore or other markets like Santa Clara or Frankfurt, where we raised rates over time and those rates are impacted our renewals and our new pricing in response to, call it, the overall supply/demand dynamic.
Andy Power: The increase in the non-core, I believe, we got a whole list of items in our FFO reconciliation that kind of hits the non-core that includes our investment in Megaport is good stock price mark-to-market when that flows through, and that obviously, is in the core up or down to our business. I believe there’s a revaluation on our debt at SMP, given it’s a resilient entity and with the U.S. dollar denominated debt to match the currency of the lot lion’s share of our contracts. And we also have, I think, in this particular quarter, a little bit of a benefit from our PPA settlement that we added back, because we didn’t do that as recurring benefits on core FFO.
Andy Power: Okay. Great. So let me take the, call it, our digital supply chain, I will let Chris touch on the customer supply chain, because I know that’s been a question out there as well. So, I think, really hats off and kudos to our operational design, construction team and supply chain team for always keeping ahead of this consistently. Obviously, we do all have the benefit of our scale, our global nature, our deep operational expertise. But we’ve not in recent quarters had any, call it, disruption to critical equipment, delays, cost impact and so the team really -- has done a really incredible job of navigating through that. I’m not sure that’s the case for all providers in the data center world, especially smaller stature, but they’ve not been disruption today. And I’d say we’ve -- what we’ve looked at our, call it, 300 megawatts of capacity under development is pretty darn insulated to these any potential inflation shocks and we’re also keeping a keen eye on that. But, Chris, why don’t you hit on the chip piece as well.
Andy Power: Hey. Thanks, Tayo. The -- I mean the sterling is especially today a much more smaller piece of our business, pro forma for some of our acquisitions over the last year. So while FX did contribute to our outperformance in the first quarter, and obviously, that flows through the guidance, I would not say that was the only thing that drove our increase in guidance. We did have a beat in terms of our internal forecast and was called in the same ballpark as where consensus was. We’ve essentially raised a few elements, the revenue, the EBITDA, the G&A piece is really just the P&L geography you’re mapping from Interxion integrations. And then we also kind of made sure that showed that that flowed through to the bottomline with, call it, an increase at the midpoint of the range, up, I think, $0.075, so 5% year-over-year growth and not all due to FX, it was due to some of the operational outperformance. Not all of our beat flowed through, because some of it was OPEX delayed from 1Q to 2Q, 3Q, 4Q rate of the year, but definitely pleased with the result and which, I would say, gave us the confidence to raise here in the first quarter, which is little, I don’t think I can recall last time we did that in my now six years in Digital, but definitely pleased with the progress.
Andy Power: We used to have a constant currency disclosure at the bottom here. I’m not sure -- I don’t think we have that anymore. I mean I would ballpark the $0.075, maybe $0.03 from FX.
Andy Power: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. So maybe I’ll try to take in reverse order and I’m going to, I think, probably bring in Corey here when we circle back to APAC, but just to the housekeeping piece. A little bit of a funky quarter on the margin front. So I’ve guided you to, call it, to our full-year guidance table on the EBITDA margin. We do have a footprint across Texas, Dallas being the largest piece of that. We were impacted by the winter storm. Again, our operational team did a really marvelous job keeping up and running and customers happy. I literally kind of personally got a cold call from a CTO of a global customer who also had their own asset or data center in the market and needed diesel fuel rerouted to them in order to stay running and our operations team sprung it in action with like an hour’s notice and kind of really saved that CTO’s day. But -- so on the power front, power did increase unusually given the storm. Luckily, one, our team did a nice job hedging in terms of our power cost. Two, while it inflates the expense, it also inflates the reimbursement, because we have a sizable portion of our Dallas or Texas footprint is metered power, so reimbursed. So net-net, especially on the size of company, not really a major negative, but certainly funky when you got that spike in power when you look at your EBITDA margins coming through. In terms of APAC, I mean, I’ll turn it to Corey over here, but I mean just really standout quarter across the full customer product spectrum. We’re now live with, I believe, five, almost six colo projects across our platform from Seoul to Tokyo, Osaka, Singapore and I’m missing one. So we have great success selling into those markets. And then also on the hyperscale or larger footprint front, I mentioned in the prepared remarks, one top CSP signed with us both in Osaka and Melbourne. We also had subsequent accord and anchor customers in Inzai in Tokyo. And then Singapore, maybe I’ll let Corey kind of talk to some of the success we saw in Singapore.
Andy Power: Thanks, Erik. So, I mean, really, Europe or EMEA just really came off of a blowout the quarter prior. I still think I was pretty pressed with the results and thought a really healthy quarter. On the larger footprint side, we had four different CSPs sign across three different markets, Frankfurt, two in Zurich, one in Amsterdam. So definitely pleased with the diversity of demand and from a customer energy offer standpoint. On the enterprise customer standpoint, within the flap, Frankfurt, London, Amsterdam, certainly stood out this quarter in terms of new signings. And within the non-flap, Marseille, Stockholm, and Madrid were some of our top EMEA markets. So -- I -- and as you can see on our development table, we’ve been continuing to increase our footprint of development and building out larger parcels in EMEA on our highly connected campuses there. So I don’t -- I’m still pretty really positive about the growth in Europe.
Andy Power: Yeah. It’s -- that’s just a statistic when you slice it down to a quarterly basis and depending on what mix actually gets renewed in that quarter, because it’s not just what actually expires, customers will renew quarters or even years earlier sometimes. In particular, there was two specific customers, one top-five CSP, another enterprise customer that did, call it, fairly chunky renewals in combination with new signings. The CSP was a multi-market renewal, multi-market growth. The enterprise was in one particular North American market. So we thought it was a very fair commercial compromise and love to see them continue to grow with us. I don’t -- I mean, that bounces around and we’ve had worse than that in a given quarter and we’ve had much better than that in a given quarter, and I still -- as you saw we confirm that guidance on the mark-to-market. So we don’t think that’s a truly bad omen or anything like that. And as I mentioned, I think in response to John Atkins’ question on the front part of the call, definitely feel like we’re moving toward better and better territory and expirations based on the product mix and the geography.
Andy Power: Yes. Sam, kind of consistent with my response to Erik’s question, being able to predict with accuracy, the quarterly blend to that precision is pretty challenging, because it’s really out of our control when the customer inks a renewal. But I think I would agree with your outset statement, we started out 2020 with an outlook of net -- call it mid-to-high single-digit negative cash mark-to-markets overall and as we worked our way through that year, we outperformed that expectation. It ended up negative, but it was very slightly modestly negative. And then we went to guidance. Our guidance, again, was really in that same territory where it ended up, so a better outlook than the prior year. If you look at the overall results here, negative 2%, a cash market across all the products, it’s kind of right in line, even, overall, it’s kind of right in line with the language we’ve described here. So, again, I can’t promise you every single quarter is going to be positive. But I do believe, based on our understanding of the expiration of the contracts and the supply/demand market dynamics that we’re heading into better territory on those mark to markets.
Andy Power: Sure. In that zero to 1 megawatt, some of the chunkier deals were -- and those are kind of no particular order. In the New York Metro area, there was a fiber-oriented customer and also a content-oriented customer. In London, there was a top-five cloud service provider. In Singapore, there was a multinational financial services company. In Northern Virginia, there was an ad marketplace type business.
Andy Power: Thanks, Mike. I mean, maybe Corey and I can tag team this for a second. I mean our strategy is to be the leading global provider dedicated full customer spectrum from the service providers, all of the hyperscalers to the enterprise customer. I think we’ve certainly demonstrated a pretty solid and consistent track record on the first leg of that stool with your, call it, top five CSP having 20, 25, 30 different locations with us on average, depending on the specific name. And that value prop of our land and expand and future proof their runway for growth, that operational expertise to the highest demands. Certainly proud of that, and you’ve seen the success in our results. But I think going after and supporting the enterprise is a place we’ve been investing in just as much over the last several years on a multifaceted front. Certainly in terms of the critical pieces of the business we’ve acquired, putting the puzzle pieces together of the rightmost connectivity rich destinations. But also on many of the things both Chris and Corey have been, call it, driving here for digital for some time. So I’ll let them speak to that a little bit as well.
Corey Dyer: Yeah. Hey. Thanks, Andy, and Jon, thanks for the question. I think I kind of captured it and you correct me if I missed it. But you asked a question around channels and how we’re doing there. And then a little bit about with the new logo that we’re getting an increase in interconnect I think are the questions, and, Jonathan, if I missed it, then you can always clarify it later. But I will tell you that really happy with the progress we’re making on channels of our, I will call it, enterprise business, non-scale business, the channel is now about a quarter of the business. So we’re pretty happy with the progress there. And then your question around new logos and how much of the new logos are adding interconnection to it. We’ve seen an increase in that. It really kind of just comes through when you think through PlatformDIGITAL and how we’re getting many, many more multi-use cases deployment, multi-site deployment, most of those look like network connectivity, as well as in control our hub. And so we’re seeing good progress across those and we’re seeing, I guess, the net of it is the channels bringing up a lot more new logos and those new logos are a little bit more interconnections in and they were in the past. Hopefully that answers the question.
Corey Dyer: No. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. That’s good question. Yeah. I’m pretty familiar with that. And I’ll tell you that, you referenced a few places that some of have been, so we are not going to comment on what they’re doing. But I would tell you that, yes, we do use call it AI and I’ll say target based data set for both our prospects, our customers. And I’ll tell you that we use data and that’s really what the essence of the Data Gravity Index was, it was a -- Data Gravity Index published based on data and what we see in the industry. And it really helped us identify the shift in the infrastructure placement and connectivity that’s required across the full spectrum colocation. And so I feel like we’re doing pretty good across both those Jonathan using AI, using data to make our decision to how we target our customers. So, pretty on top of that, oh, yeah.
Corey Dyer: Okay. All right. So, yeah, thanks for the question. I would tell you that we’re getting closer to the state of normal, if that’s what you want to call it. Some of the things are opening up. But we’ve got a lot of ability around doing tours virtually, we’ve found a bunch of different ways to augment the need and take our customers during the pandemic. So I feel like we’re getting close to it. We’re not quite there. That said, enterprise demand has been really, really good. It’s been strong, broad-based success, still on our platform, Andy mentioned it earlier, but early innings with long tail left. We’re looking through some of the more macro trends. Gartner’s got IT spending getting at 6% growth, with about $4.1 trillion annually and only about $400 billion of that go into public cloud. So we think that enterprise demand and the point of presence and the multi-use cases, as well as multi-markets that we’re going after are going to be there and we’re seeing it continue to sustain. Well, I wouldn’t say that it’s a complete back to normal. We haven’t seen, I guess, in enterprise demand and quite frankly, we think we’ve done a pretty good job adjusting through it with all the ops and FCs and SAs we have important to it [ph]. I think that answer the question, I’m not sure if I did it.
Corey Dyer: Yes, Andy. I would just add, you hit most of the data points I was thinking through in the response. Really broad-based success across the portfolio is what I would say. AP was really successful as well. You mentioned it in your prepared remarks, diversified e-commerce customers that’s been doing a lot of business with us and we really are happy with that. But I would also tell you that our new logos coming out of that region has tripled in the last year. We’re really happy with the team. It’s where most of our organic growth as far as the sales team that we’re putting out there in place. So we’re really happy with it. But I wouldn’t get focused just on AP. I think about the broad-based platform success we’re having across all the regions. I think our largest export region this last quarter was EMEA. So we’re really excited about just kind of broad-based successful we are, and we think there’s a ton of opportunity in Asia Pacific, and, yes, in Singapore, we were pretty successful selling through that large building there that we have. Andy, was there any other data point I missed? I think we hit most of them.
Corey Dyer: Yeah. Thanks, Andy. Right on to that. You think through just the tools we were talking earlier about how we use data to target. So we’re moving that forward as well down that path, if you’re asking about kind of how we’re going after the market if we’re going after that part of the business. As far as the demand that we have going forward, I’m sorry, if I missed some of the question, but I think that was a sales funnel question as opposed to just how we were targeting it. Did I get it all? I’m hearing background noise, sorry, guys. And Michael, can you repeat the second part of the question, I just want to make sure I’m getting it right.
Corey Dyer: I guess I would tell you that we’re going to try to increase both of them. We’re not going to win every customer without discerning between them. But our plan is to continue to grow the enterprise and drive that. I think that will move that mix a little bit naturally, but it’s not going to be at the expense of the CSPs. We’re going to go continue to partner with CSPs, continue to partner with online customers, anybody that’s in e-commerce, AI some of the high-performance computing. So we’re going to continue to grow it everywhere as long as it adds to the value of PlatformDIGITAL and is helpful for us. So I just don’t want you to think that we’re only trying to raise one without the other. We’re going to try to raise that enterprise business may be faster than others to help us with that mix, but we’re going to win everything. Thanks.
Bill Stein: Sure. This is Bill. We -- as you noted, we’ve established carbon reduction targets in conjunction with the science based targets initiative. And in connection with that, we’ve committed to reducing direct admissions by 68% by 2030 and committed to reducing indirect emissions by 24% by 2030. As you also are probably aware, we lead the data center category and the REIT industry and green bond issuance. We’ve issued $5.6 billion of green bonds since 2015. We also lead the data center industry in green building certifications. We have 796 megawatts of green building certifications. And we also have 556 megawatts of renewable energy that’s contracted, which, of course, contributes to the direct admissions reduction and that includes 154 megawatts in two renewable projects in Texas. For the second year in a row, we’ve been voted the ENERGY STAR partner of the year and for the fourth consecutive year, we’ve been voted NAREIT leader in the Light Award for the data center category and NAREITs only had that leader in the Light Award for data centers for four years. So we’re batting 1,000 right now.
Bill Stein: The customers -- many of these customers share the same corporate values that we do with respect to ESG and we’re all about reducing our carbon footprint. So I’d say we’re totally in sync with what our customers’ long-term goals are in this area.
Bill Stein: Thank you, Matt. I’d like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the first quarter as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. One, we understand our commitment to delivering sustainable growth for all stakeholders and we were honored to be named the EPA Energy Star Partner of the Year for the second year in a row. Two, we continue to enhance the value of our global platform, calling non-core assets and extending connectivity solutions. Three, we delivered very solid current period financial results, beating expectations and raising our full year outlook. Last but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet, raising attractively priced long-term debt, recycling capital and using proceeds to hire -- to retire high coupon debt and preferred equity. Our hearts go out to all those impacted by the COVID-19 global pandemic. And as we approach a post-pandemic environment here in the United States, I’d like to once again thank the Digital Realty frontline team members in critical data center facility roles, who have kept the digital world running. I hope all of you stay safe and healthy, and we hope to see many of you in person again later this year. Thank you.
