Andrew Power: Thanks, Mike. So we'll try to weave that into one answer, so trying to stick to one question and get through the whole roster and maybe loop back. But I'll turn it to Matt to give you the bridge on a same-store basis.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Michael. So I would say on a year-over-year basis, we are -- the dynamics has changed tremendously on so many fronts. Overall, the pipeline for hyperscale has continued to grow to new heights. I view the AI demand is a new wave of demand, incremental call enterprise, hybrid IT is certainly an incremental to hyperscale cloud compute. And this has all played out in the backdrop of tightening supply-demand dynamics that has called -- as we've described, over several quarters now, moved the pendulum on pricing more and more in the favor of providers like Digital Realty. Is there a ceiling? Listen, I think we've seen rates run tremendously. We just, this quarter, reported in that segment North of a megawatt, call it, our highest GAAP rate ever at $145 million we are continuing to see -- it's almost like some of these customers who are often on calendar fiscal years, just like Digital Realty, wrapped up one budget cycle and got a budget refresh and came back in 2024 with the incremental appetite for demand. These customers are seeking some of the same things. When we intersect with that demand is in our large-scale hyperscale campuses that are in our major markets and especially with larger capacity blocks that have contiguous capacity or the most sought after. And those rates continue to run in terms of what we've signed and where we put up quotes and I think we're very well positioned. If you look at our footprint, you can see a lot of it on development capacity life cycle, which is just a portion of what we activate in Northern Virginia right now, but some of the other major markets as well to capture a good -- more than our fair share of that demand. And lastly, I think there's a -- I think there's a broader acknowledgment whether it is hyperscale compute or AI workloads that these customers our time to market, many of them are trying to land precious GPUs that are just enormous business opportunities for these customers. And our rent even historically, but certainly today, plays a very small economic piece in that equation relative to their ability to launch their services and be first to market many times.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Irvin. We certainly have a really great opportunity to intersect with these large capacity block needs of our customers, be it for AI or hyperscale. It is, I would say, maybe potentially unparalleled in what we can offer in Northern Virginia today in terms of available capacity in a market that's shut down in terms of new power until 2026. But the list goes beyond that, whether it's Dallas, Santa Clara, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam, Seoul or parts of Japan, not to mention some of our joint ventures in Latin America and South Africa. We've taken our approach quite honestly where many of these capacity blocks for ourselves and many providers were at the early stages of development. They were at land, went pad-ready. Shelves are coming online and just the first suites were coming online. And throughout 2023, we took a more, call it, approach whereby we didn't go run after the first deal out of the gate for some of these customers because we knew we weren't losing a revenue opportunity because the capacity wasn't even being able to be moved into or at least commenced. And in hindsight, that's proven fortuitous because as the year has played out, and certainly as 2024 has gotten off out of those gates, we've continue to see what we're offering is becoming much more and more attractive to an even broader and diverse set of customers. So I don't think we'll be able to be late too long in 2024. We obviously now have some capacity blocks that are actually live and we can commence rent on. So we do have some urgency to get that going. But I think our patients and prudence here and approach allowed us to prove right. sometimes better to be lucky than smart. If I would have known Ashford would have run out of power years ago, I would have -- we wouldn't have sold all that capacity we had to release at the time. But this time, we -- the luck was our side.
Andrew Power: Thanks, David. So the -- I think you heard me loud and clear on where rates have come from and where they've gone and where they're likely to continue to move and some of these markets haven't even hit peak historical rates, if you look at the whole span of data center capacity. So I don't think we're at a rent bubble or near that necessarily and it's been on the back of real constraints and build costs that have inflated and issues. So they are -- I believe these rental moves are justified. I think you will continue to see the cash mark-to-markets flow through in our favor. We did call out in -- throughout last year and in the script for this quarter that we had some episodic short-term renewals inflated our cash mark-to-market, but we think being, call it, 4% to 6% in that category overall is pretty in our favor. And to your question on the bigger deals where you're going to have these potential roll-ups, yes, we do have subsections of our contracts that have clauses that are certainly in the favor of our customer. When the market was quite the opposite of what it was today and it was filling baking capacity, we certainly had to succumb to some of those clauses that our customers. But they all often are very narrowly defined in terms of fixed duration of renewal time period and other bells and whistles. And when a customer, which they often do wants to negotiate outside of that box that opens up the contract renegotiations. And we try to collaborate with our customers to come into a mutually agreeable outcome. So that's a long-winded way of saying, I don't think we'll be able to roll every one of those, call it, sub 100-plus megawatts directly up to the 140 or 150 or 160 or whatever we're going in the market. But I think we'll -- I do think there is going to be a positive mark-to-market in that category for some years to come.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Frank. I want to have Colin tackle what we're seeing in the, I'll call it, enterprise sales cycle.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Matt. So multi fast, I'm going to hand to Matt to explain how the dividend call works in terms of taxable income and distribution and why the dividend is set where it is set. Because I think the topic of M&A, I mean, you could look at the linear press releases or just recent events we've done in just the last several months through resolving our relationship to Cyxtera to growing our platform in India with the addition of Reliance Jio. We also just had a big announcement with the leader in the GPU space recently to disposing of some noncore assets, JVs stabilized assets and adding strategically to our landholdings across key markets. So we've been incredibly active on pieces of that. I think the broader context of M&A, I think the most critical puzzle pieces have kind of been picked over. And most of our activity from here are really, call it, extending our strategic advantages and bolt-on in nature to what we have. I don't see any like key gems out there that would be really additive to our global platform at peak. Matt, why don't you hit on the dividend, Matt, if you want that.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Simon. So one of our top, top, top priorities is to continue to focus on delivering acceleration in that 0 to 1 megawatt interconnection cohort, enterprise connectivity in order to customers, the most granular and the largest volume of over 5,000 customers as well as our new logos. So by and large, the more quarters where that represents a larger and increasing piece of the mix and continues to accelerate like it has done recently, that is filling our existing baking capacity. It's wins at our highest rates, it's multi-market, multi-geo enterprise customers and is the place where we believe we can deliver the greatest value to our customers, most consistently and long-term and durable there will be episodic quarters where that will be a lower percentage. But that's likely enough because we've filtered our execution. That's likely because we also are supporting some of the largest hyperscalers around the world. We're bringing our capacity in over half of our 50-plus metropolitan areas, places where we can really add value to those customers where they've already landed their compute or AZs where they want to grow at our continuous capacity with operational excellence, where we have that long runway of growth that they can get from no one else. And those are we quarters where we saw larger lumpier deals, obviously, into those capacity blocks. So we think both of these are large addressable markets where we have a distinct value proposition and a competitive moat that we'll continue to focus on executing each and every day.
Andrew Power: Thank you, Betsy. Digital Realty capped off a transformative 2023 with a strong fourth quarter that was highlighted by three key elements. First, we sourced over $12 billion of new capital and commitments from an array of hyperscale private capital partners, deleveraging our balance sheet and positioning the company for the future. Second, we posted another quarter of improving organic operating results with the best same-capital cash NOI growth in nearly a decade, and we are just on the cusp of the AI wave of demand. Third, we continue to grow our footprint and capacity around the world with record deliveries in 2023 to meet the accelerating needs of our growing customer base. These customers look to us to help enable their IT solutions, whether that is AI, cloud or even enterprises along their digital transformation journeys, our value proposition is resonating, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today with a special thank you to our dedicated and exceptional team at Digital Realty, who keeps the digital world turning. Thank you.
Matthew Mercier: Sure. Thanks, Mike. So a couple of things that I would call out. First, in terms of, call it, the re-leasing spreads and their influence. First off, I think as we know, not all of our leases roll within the calendar year. So we roll roughly, call it, 20% to 25% of our portfolio in the year. And of that, 80% is in the 0 to 1 megawatt category, which is influenced by inflation or CPI, which we've seen come down over the course of the year, and therefore, part of the mark-to-market pricing within that segment. Then when you flip over the other 20%, which is in the greater than a megawatt category, we're seeing in '24 expiring rents that are higher than what we saw in '23, which creates a tougher comp in terms of the role despite strong market rents and overall growth. So that's on the spread side. The other part that I would call out is in '23, we saw benefits or tailwinds from FX as well as power pricing, which we're not seeing in '24, and lastly, in '24, we are expecting higher property tax expense. So putting all those together kind of is why you're seeing sort of the still positive, but not as positive as '23 results for same-store portfolio in '24.
Matthew Mercier: Sure. Thanks, Jonathan. So look, I think, you've seen the results of the work we've done in '23, where we talked about getting down to the six times area. And the execution that not only Greg's team on did with the transaction that we closed, but also sales on the ATM that we did early in the year and then more recently, getting to that point and actually breaking through that when you look at it on a pro forma basis, we're at 5.8 times. And we -- and so we continue to want to get down towards that 5.5 times area, which is the same messaging we've had since the start of '23, and we've executed on that path. And we think that the plan that we've laid out here in terms of our guidance will enable us to get us there where we're continuing some level of capital recycling given the broad and diverse sources of capital that we've got available to us. And that's the plan we're going to continue to go down in terms of marching towards that 5.5% area, which is a smaller task than what we did in '23.
Matthew Mercier: Sure. Yes. So a couple of things. So Ari, thanks as we did mention, on a normalized basis in '24 or a lot of -- for the transactional activity that hit in '23 and some -- and what we expect in '24. I do want to reiterate, we're looking at normalized growth at 7% on revenue and 10% on EBITDA as you noted. And so '24 is seeing the impact from the timing of those transactions and close where in '23, there in the second half of the year, and '24, we're expecting them, as Greg noted earlier, where we've already got a decent portion of that under contract, those are closed in the first part of '24. So creating some of that impacting on '24 bottom line. And we did all that at the same time, again, just as a reminder, that we're delevering over a turn. If you look through all that, what we would expect is that we look at it in sort of two buckets in terms of cost of growth algorithm. First one being, we would expect on our stabilized same-store pool to have seen growth in that 3% to 4% area. On top of that, looking at our development pipeline, the favorable pricing, better yields and as those start to deliver in '24 and '25, we would expect to see another 1% to 2% on top of that too. Together, that gets us to kind of the mid- to high single digits that we should expect to see in '25 and beyond.
Matthew Mercier: Sure. I mean, similar to what we've talked about in '23, I mean, there's two major components in terms of the dividend and related to taxable income. There's our ordinary income that we get from operations, and then there's also the income that's generated from transactions and the related gains that we have from executing those, which we had a sizable amount of the '23. Now we're looking at less transaction size in '24, but as you saw in the guidance, you talked about $1 billion to $1.5 billion. So we expect that there'll still be related income from that, and we still have cash flow even after dividend and we think we'll be able to support where we are. And ultimately, our goal and target is that we grow the dividend as AFFO and as our cash flow grows, which we expect we'll start to see over the long term related to the growth algorithm that I talked about earlier.
Matthew Mercier: Yes. So thanks, Nick. With regard to -- I think I'll go back to some of the comments I had, I think, from one of the first questions. So with regard to 0 to 1 megawatt, that's on both the escalation and renewals tend to be influenced by inflation where CPI is coming in. So that's going to be spread across the leases that are rolling, whether they be in North America versus EMEA. And those have come down since last year and more in that 3% to 4%, 3% to 4% range. And now on the greater than 1 megawatt, as I mentioned, we're assuming, call it, current market pricing and that's more heavily influenced by where the expiring rates are versus that. So that's within the greater than the megawatt segment, which we're assuming still positive and resulting in the 4% to 6% total that we've guided towards.
Matthew Mercier: Sure. Yes. So I mean, obviously, the net is given the development joint ventures that we've established over '23 and that will also close that are under contract in throughout '24 in particular with the one we announced with Blackstone. Phase I is already closed and Phase II is later in the year. And if you're looking at it from a gross basis in comparison, we're expecting in '24 on a gross basis, we'd be spending north of $3.5 billion in terms of total CapEx and it would be -- which would be roughly 15% higher than the amount that we spent in 2023.
