Greg Wright: Jon, it's Greg Wright, let me take your question. The first one, with respect to where we are in the Interxion transaction, again, specifically, let's just go through a couple of things. We have received antitrust clearance as Bill said, in all three jurisdictions where we need approval in terms of Austria, Germany and The Netherlands. And that's on the antitrust clearance side. We're still awaiting decisions for the foreign investment filings in both France and Germany and look, we're - we think - one thing that's encouraging is we're already in both of those markets. And then trying to handicap, when that comes back, it's hard to do. But we will say, so far, we feel like we're making progress where we should be. And that's really all we have at this point, but we'll continue to announce to the market as we get additional findings there. That was your first question. On the second question, with respect to the steps to integration, we're currently planning for integration, as you could imagine. So far though, the primary focus has been on regulatory approvals going effective with the SEC and launching our exchange offshore. And now we have started to ramp up the integration effort with our colleagues, Interxion. We've gotten to the point where we're identifying people and teams to lead the integration. We've identified and we're working with integration consultants. And we were at a point where we're allowed to have certain people on both sides connect with each other. And clearly, we're making sure that we always consult with the lawyers to make sure we do the right things where we can and can't. So that's where we are with respect to that.
Greg Wright: Jordan, this is Greg. Let me take that question. And like with respect to the Westin transaction, look, I think Bill had gone through really the merits of the transaction, whether it's boosting connectivity and network density. As he mentioned, this is the sixth most interconnected building in North America, you have 250 plus networks and over 10,000 cross connects. It really is the Internet gateway to the Pacific Northwest. And when you look at it in terms of connectivity. First of all, the way the process start is our partner has been a terrific partner, the Colony's family and their company. We've had a longstanding relationship with them. And they decided they wanted to sell. So for us, given how much and we've always said, our strategy has been that we want to increase our ownership to Internet Gateway and highly connected assets. And you really when you and that's your mandate, you can't get any better than the Westin building. So that was really the rationale behind it. In terms of returns, look, I would say I sort of a mid to high 5% cap rate, call that little less than 18 times on an EBITDA multiple basis. And in terms of growth projections, I mean. clearly, with any of these highly connected Internet Gateway buildings, we expect greater growth one than our portfolio average, just because these buildings as we know from Saramacca, 60 Hudson and the like. Those buildings are very special. And so you really do get outsize growth with them. So that was really the strategic rationale. In response to your question with respect to Europe, It's a very similar strategy when you really think about it, right? In terms of the Interaction transaction, I mean, we've said for quite some time now. We've had several objectives. One was we did want to expand our footprint in Europe. Secondly, we wanted to increase our ownership again of Internet Gateway and highly connected assets. We really were striving for a leading European platform and the team. And with all that, we were looking for a significant development platform. And needless to say, with Interaction, we get all of that. And so one of the real benefits to digital there. And then, we're going to get a broader footprint and product offering to serve our customers, which is most important. In Europe and beyond, we're going to be able to do a lot of what they do best and overlay that onto our portfolio. That too is going to result. just as we talked about the Westin building and accelerated growth. And ultimately, with the combination of all of that, it's going to result in increased value creation in our minds. So, I think I've covered your questions Jordan. If I missed, please let me know.
Greg Wright: Yes. Thanks, Jordan. I'd also like to add a little bit of - just overall work that we've done in that market with our master plans and our land banking. It really allows us to be very prudent on how we can bring infrastructure to our customers in a very balanced manner. And I think new logos is one way to look at it, but it's also new types of infrastructure coming to market. So as you see AI and machine learning becoming more prevalent with all of these major providers, they want to be in proximity to their existing infrastructure. So the work that we've done in that market to master plan the right of ways, and really start to think through how we can future prove to their existing assets and provide a path for them to grow and launch all these new services. It's something that's very unique in that market and we continue to look at the future growth there. It'd be differentiated than what we can provide through a lot of those customers,
Greg Wright: Yes, so let me take the - your second question, then we can circle back on your first one. So within the quarter, yes, we came in at in terms of stabilized NOI growth at the lower end. I think as we said in the commentary, we had about a 1% negative impact from FX rates. We also had another 1% coming in from higher, what I call uncontrollable cost largely around property taxes. And then I'd say, the remaining was tie to what we also discussed with - which was our record expiration year in 2019, despite also having roughly 80% retention, which is a pretty good metric. What I'd say though there is where we see the green shoots is in the fourth quarter, we're at least 15 megawatts into available inventory, which during that - during the quarter was about 40% of our total sign. And seeing in our backlog today, we have about 100 basis points of improved occupancy. In the vast majority of our available inventory right now, I think, is in high demand core markets that we feel pretty positive about the progress within our organic growth going forward. And I think that kind of - that tells also into releasing spreads. We had - within the - more within the year we release over like we said a record year we released over $500 million, slightly down but also did better than we expected. Next year we have a step down in volume of expirations in 2021. So we feel pretty positive about our mark-to-market experience going forward on that front.
Greg Wright: Yes. Thanks, Chris. Thanks, Erik. Look, in terms of adjacent land. I think one thing, it's important, we do own the building next door with our partners at Clise that's important to remember. But I think, one thing about Westin, that it's not just the land next door. I think when you look at the connectivity into Canada and to Asia Pacific, even in to our Hillsboro project. When you look at all that, it is going to give us connectivity across the board and all the connection points. So that's one of the things that's great value with the project like the Westin, if it goes beyond just immediately adjacent - adjacency next door. But instead it goes much broader given the connectivity subsea cables and other things that provide us with that connectivity. So that would be my answer with that. But we - but if there is building, if there is land next door and if I know about it, please let us know because we liked the site. Thank you.
Greg Wright: Erik, it's Greg. Let me, why don't I answer the first question and then let - Let me, I'll start with second question and let Matt answer the first question. Look, I think when we look at Ascenty and you take a look at 2019 versus budget, we're on top of our writing for 2019. And I think a couple of important takeaways in that market, we saw a lot of the - large U.S, cloud service providers, take a lot of space over the last 24 months. With that said, I want to make sure we're clear on that. If you guys remember when we did that transaction there were 14 assets, there were eight existing assets and six under construction. Those 14 assets right now are 99% leased. So I think that's important. We look at underlying demand and the Ascenty platform remains in our opinion, the dominant platform in the region. So we think we're going to continue to see significant follow-on growth opportunities in additional markets like Chile. And we think, what you'll see is, again, I think there was a slight pause in this last quarter, but we'll see that like we see elsewhere, you'll see the, the demand starts to come back from the customers at that point. Once they absorb and we think you're going to see demand pick-up and we think Chris and his team have done a terrific job and they have an attractive pipeline for 2020. But in terms of how much it contributed Matt would be in better position to answer that.
Greg Wright: Yes. Thanks, Chris. And Simon, I would say echo obviously everything Chris said, and the other important factor here is, look I think by definition when you look and see at the supply and demand situation, it's still exist in Northern Virginia that we'd be very surprised if you see any private new capital coming in deployed a development property in that market. Now what we have seen is some of that space, to Chris's point, where they may not be leased, that's where you see some of the concessions and a like occurring, but we're keeping our eye on that as well. Going back to Bill Stein's routes to be opportunistic and that's one of the reason Bill and Andy are always preaching that and Matt that we always keep the balance sheet pristine and be ready. So look, I think that's how, as Chris said, he talked about the advantages we're having in the market. We're having success. But we think that's because of our platform. And so look, we'll look to take advantage, otherwise, to the extent we can.
Matt Mercier: Yes, Jordan. This is Matt. So I think we've had a lot of success in Northern Virginia both this quarter and last quarter. This quarter Northern Virginia was our number one market for leasing. And overall, I think as we've said in the prepared commentary the market really come - really come back in the second half of the year, although absorption was down, down a bit from 2018 was actually higher than 2017 overall. I think to your question, specific question subsequent to end of the quarter, we leased another 20 megawatt in that market, 12 megawatt of those were in the - our development portfolio, which now brings add up to a 100% lease and another 8 megawatt was within our operating portfolio, which was already I think slightly over 90% leased, so, improves the occupancy in that market as well, so we're excited about the Northern Virginia market and we're continuing to see robust demand there.
Matt Mercier: Yes. Let me, this is Matt. Let me take. I mean, we saw in Northern Virginia, we had pretty widespread activity across multiple customers within cloud, content and gaming, we're really leading the way within that market. And also, a number of international clients coming into Northern Virginia. So we had major signs of also APAC-based technology companies within that market as well in the quarter and we expect to continue that going forward.
Matt Mercier: Yes. I mean, I think. I think it was the contribution to the quarter was minimal. But what we're seeing right now in the first quarter is an acceleration. They've already signed in the first quarter, more than they did in the fourth quarter. So the positive momentum there in the South American portfolio, similar to what we're seeing in our overall portfolio as the cloud providers continue to ramp up, what we see as their demand overall.
Matt Mercier: Yes. I think your question again was kind of centered on churn and mark-to-market. And again, I kind of reiterate some of the comments. So we work through a 25% almost of our portfolio this year. We have a material step down. The amount is of our leases and contracts expiring next year. We feel bullish both on our ability to retain above average within that full expiring in this through this year down 2020, as well as our ability to maintain rates and be positive on that front.
Chris Sharp: Yes. Thanks, Erik, this is Chris. So, definitely we're very excited about the Westin Building. There is some ability to expand there and with some of the new offerings that Bill and Matt talked about in the script earlier around, some of the new offerings that we're bringing to market and how they are leveraging a lot more interconnection, we'll be able to provide more value to the existing customer base in there. And there is some more power that we can bring through there. and I think ownership really gives us that ability to really control exactly how we evolve that infrastructure and really make sure that we get the maximum return for our customers. And I'll turn the second part of your question over to Craig, and let him talk about adjacent lands.
Chris Sharp: There is a little bit of - this is Chris, just on the PlatformDIGITALTM element that we talked about in the script. I think you're seeing early days of a lot of customers going into that market. And so we really see that ecosystem starting to really build out there, and it's a critical element that I think it's important to highlight the fact that it's a customer-led expansion down there. And so, it's still early days like Matt was referencing.
Chris Sharp: No. I think, Simon, this is Chris, definitely Ashburn is a phenomenal market. It's very unique in the industry as we all know. But definitely from the private competitors, I think one of the things that's often overlooked is the fact that platforms matter in their increasing importance to our customers where they have access to broader revenue in every major market around the globe. And I think also the fact that you can land and expand with us and the work that we've done to build out land banks and beyond what some of these smaller private companies were able to achieve. So that's really a big differentiator for us. And then the overall supply like we had referenced earlier the fact that we've worked with our VMI, or vendor managed piece and a lot of our build outs there, we're very prudent in the way that we can accelerate and build capacity in a very flexible manner to meet that customer requirement and I kind of hand Greg off for the second part of your question there.
Chris Sharp: At all. Yes, I'll hit on the churn. I mean I think as you kind of saw in our slides in our remarks, we had an elevated overall exploration pool this year, but our churn was relatively in line with our historical average around 80%. We've got a pretty material step down in our exploration pool for next year and we're actually expecting our churn to be even, well, I'm sorry, our retention to be even better in 2020 than what we experienced in 2019. So we're pretty positive about our overall portfolio and the management of the lease it's coming back at us in 2020.
Chris Sharp: No. Thanks, Ari. This is Chris. I'm happy to talk through that. So it was definitely something that was expected in the market. I think the way that we look at this is we have a philosophical difference there, where we really look at our platform is being open. And one of the core things that we value is not competing with our customers and partners, and one of the things that we often look at is how can we invest in them is rather than compete with them. And so some of the work that we've done building out one of the largest SDN fabrics of the world with our service exchange which is powered by Megaport is something critical to us. But one of the other key elements inside of this is, it doesn't change our focus, right. We're building the only global fit for purpose data center platform and it's underpinned by an open ecosystem approach which we want to allow our partners to provide those higher value - higher value, higher up the stack services like Packet is providing. And so we see our approach in being a foundational element to a lot of our partners and customers, being able to service that bare metal opportunity that Packet has looked at, because there is a lot of customers have out there who have already solved that. And so we'd rather focus on solving for more of the data gravity issues and building out a fit for purpose capability for global reach or partnering with the capability if you will. So that's kind of how we view that transaction happening in the market, but we still see ourselves is aligning with our partners and customers and empowering their solutions in a unique way to solve for this enterprise need on a global basis.
