Andrew Power: So John, thanks for the question. So I'd say the lion's share of high, high percentage was not done into any of the JVs. I don't have the exact stat given we have now numerous strategic capital partners across our hyperscale platform, be it stabilized JVs. But I'm very confident that none of the leasing we reported in this quarter went into the deal you identified with Blackstone. We are seeing great traction on those projects. But this quarter, none of that lease went inside. On your second question in terms of improvement in ROIs, in particular in North America, I would say we've definitely moved the needle quite dramatically on that category from some of our build-to-suit projects that we'll call closer to 7% that we joint ventured to now north of 12% ROIs. And we're still working through projects that are obviously weighing that down a little bit, and we have projects that are entering that schedule on the higher side as well given the rapid improvement in the rate environment. 
Andrew Power: Sure. Thanks, Eric. So Northern Virginia, obviously, has been a highly dynamic market for some time here. We were very pleased to come together and support our partner at Dominion with a very strategic easement to be the landing of the Mars substation, which we are -- it is our understanding, they are on track to be delivering power and bring power back online by the beginning of 2026 from that southern line. So there's not been a divergence in terms of timing what that was previously expressed to us. We definitely benefited from the increase in rates in that market. Our largest signing was in that market as well as a few other decent-sized signings, although we also had some very great signings in the London market, and north of a megawatt signings also in Copenhagen. So they were not the only contributors in the plus the megawatt category. The rates, I would say, the market rates in general are call it, continue to improve in that market and as the precious capacity becomes more and more finite, as you saw on that slide, we now have -- are turning our attention to really 80 megawatts remaining at Digital Dallas as well as the Manassas campus, which is not impacted by the power delays. And I'd say rates in both Manassas and Loudoun County are converging right at this moment, call it in the 165, call it to almost 180 type area on a market basis. That'd be the cash rate, not a GAAP rate that we report. 
Andrew Power: Sure. Thanks, David. So let me just give you the tops of the ways then I'm going to turn it to Chris on how we're tapping our infrastructure capabilities to really excel in this category. Obviously, the data points are smaller in the more enterprise-oriented wins, but they are there. We, I would say, call it, less than 0.5 megawatt supported through a partner, a global manufacturing company, on its AI journey in Europe. You noted the slightly larger than that, but still not -- certainly not hyperscale. The great win we had with Novo Nordisk supporting them in their NVIDIA-backed chips with a real landmark win with a supercomputer in their market. And then for some time, we've seen the emergence of the hyperscalers with larger capacity block needs. And the largest of our wins in the quarter, I would characterize as an AI win as well. And all in all, it's probably close to 50% of this quarter's signs, which is up relative to prior quarters. And I think there's a lot about what our platform offers that really allows us to capture this demand, maybe even earlier in the an evolution of AI than some others, but Chris can speak to that as well. 
Andrew Power: Sure, Irvin. So I mean, the here and now I think AI is having a numerous positive implications for the sector. And I'll have Chris speak into what's next because I don't think we're really at what's next, be it inference, private data sets, enterprise consumption. But the here and now you have a backdrop of big existing customers with desires to have immediate [ see ] around the capacity. There's still -- we're winning that in our core markets where we see robust and diverse demand. We are not falling. We're chasing this demand into unproven locations. We're intersecting it, we're supporting availability zones or on ramps, where there's network density and not in unproven markets. You're also seeing new players pop up that obviously are not front of queue for those larger capacity blocks who are going to try to get their hands on what we have and are often able to fit in some of the more challenging places in our portfolio to sell, but they're going to take it because they have urgency around their business models and bringing their AI models on. That's the right now, the last quarter, the next quarter, but there's more to come here in this AI story. And I'll let Chris expand upon it in terms of the next chapter. 
Andrew Power: So as I think  you can get the -- obviously, you look at the in-place rates even pro forma for our recent positive cash mark-to-market on our schedule. I think that question provide more focus on the greater than megawatt category, which we've seen the greatest resurgence or uptick that it does tick down, call it lower for the next few years, call it down to the 130s and then it even hits 100 upon exploration as the low watermark in a few years' time. And I just commented on the Northern Virginia rates, if they call it, 155 to 180. Not all markets are at Northern Virginia. There are some markets that are ahead of Northern Virginia. But it does feel like big deals are gravitating towards that mid-100s type area pretty quickly and universally and it does not seem like that trend is taking any cessation or pause. 
Andrew Power: Thanks, Simon. So I'll do the quick non-U.S. world tour. You're correct, Americas had put up some record results in contribution, and that was not just in the greater than megawatt category. It was also a major contributor in our less than megawatt category, which is great to see. Outside the U.S., starting in EMEA on the 0 to 1 megawatt category, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and London shined. And on the greater than 1 megawatt category, which Colin, I think touched on, London turned out to be a big contributor this quarter, which has not been for a while, which is also great to see. We saw a fair bit of importing business into Europe from outside of Europe, on both sides and firm pricing. In APAC, while this particular quarter, we did not have a significant contribution from the greater than megawatt category, we did have strong results both in pricing and volume on the 0 to 1 megawatt category with Singapore, Hong Kong and Seoul leading the way. And I would just say that the greater than megawatt category is just the fact that there's just fewer markets in APAC that we're landing big deals into so it's not as consistent of every single quarter being a major contributor. But all in all, I agree with your sentiment that AI is certainly landed on the U.S. shores sooner than the rest of the globe, and I think it has a great propensity to likely globalize as did cloud. 
Andrew Power: Thanks, Aryeh. So on all scenarios, we don't want to speak to confidential customer information whatsoever. Obviously, anyone who's picked up a newspaper can refer to the scenario you're talking about. 2 comments: first one, which is just from the cheap seats, I would -- my personal opinion is not to jump up to any draconian conclusions on outcomes just yet. There's a lot of innings left in that game and a lot of outcomes that could happen. So I won't jump to a doomsday scenario for Digital, depending on what plays out in ensuing months. And even under that scenario, I would group them among all of our hyperscale customers that have maximized the pricing curve when markets were less softer and have contracts that are, like all our hyperscale customers, some of the best contracts on the books in terms of markup opportunities, certainly, on the south of 100 side rather than the north of 100 side, by and large. So if the doomsday draconian scenario was to play out, which I'm discounting, we would have some churn to refill, but probably couldn't come at a better time with a better mark-to-market opportunity for the company. 
Andrew Power: Matt, so I would not characterize the world of supply constraints or just hindrances to supply as being in the rearview mirror in general. And maybe we're not talking about the proverbial waiting for your refrigerators COVID supply chain equivalent. But the friction to supply, whether it is power transmission, power generation, supply chains on data center components or just positions in queue for production or components for substations, broader sustainability concerns, nimbyism in general, that friction is existing, and it's happening in a backdrop where I think we can add more and more value to our customers than probably ever before. And even despite historical preferences or to often do it yourself, I think by and large, the customer base is seeing having the benefit of global outsourced trusted partner with 20 years of experience operationally, delivery-wise, and really turn in to Digital in their times of need and really at a time or it could be continuing of urgency around those capacity blocks. And that's certainly been highlighted in the Northern Virginia market, but I think that's a broader Americas phenomenon and a growing global phenomena. 
Andrew Power: Thanks, Nick. So I think if you look at our strategy, we're focused on supporting workloads, be it enterprise, digital transformation or hybrid or hyperscale cloud or AI in markets with robust and diverse demand and supporting applications with latency and locational sensitivity. The cloud has been around for a long time and did not put [ AZs ] as in every single NFL city in America or it's equivalents around the globe. They picked locations where GDP, population, infrastructure and data are essentially there, which I think lends itself to greater longevity and sustainable growth in our asset class and our strategy and our business. Now there's markets that have been added to that list over time. They didn't get -- put chiseled in stone and put away on a shelf years and years ago. But -- so I think new markets for us would have to give us the similar conviction we have, invest in our core markets to want us to go there. So that could happen. That certainly could happen in a rapidly changing world, with power becoming such a precious resource as well as other precious resources. But anything we're thinking about is investing in -- we're not in this [ risk trade ], we're investing in this for the long term, for long-term sustainable growth. And we're fortunate, if you can look at our newly tweaked and disclosure on our development cycle, we've got north of 3 gigawatts of growth in land capacity or shell capacity in those core markets. So we've got a lot of runway to harvest that demand before even feeling the urgency to chase into less proven markets. 
Andrew Power: Thanks, Erik. So just more on the tactical on the quarterly bookings. I mean, we're out of the gates here with a great start on both the less-than-megawatt category, call it north of 50 for several consecutive quarters now. I think 2 in a row, north of 53, great new logos contribution and obviously, an overall record which we discussed. By and large, I wouldn't say usually another record follows the prior record on the one hand. But on the other, we're certainly in a different territory right now in terms of demand. We have the large capacity blocks that are deeply sought after. We have a team focused on executing, and we got 3 more at bats in 2024 to put those results up. Bigger backdrop. If you look back at cloud globalizing, it's one of those things that the famous quote "It happened slowly and then it happened really fast." I can remember years of the thesis being it's going to globalize forever and ever, and then it really took off. So I'm not -- I wouldn't -- I couldn't pound the table and say 2024 year is the year that AI globalizes like cloud. But signs do point that it should follow a similar trend over time. 
Andrew Power: Thank you all for dialing in. We really appreciate it. Digital Realty had a strong first quarter with record leasing results that reflected the growing impact of AI on our business. Fundamental strength continued through the first quarter with healthy same-capital organic growth and robust re-leasing spreads. We've continued to innovate with the expansion of ServiceFabric, new products like our Private AI Exchange, along with modular designs to accommodate increasingly power dense workloads. Finally, we've closed a number of transactions already this year bringing in additional private capital and enhancing our ability to deliver new capacity to meet our customers' growing needs. We are excited about this quarter's results and look ahead with continued optimism. The 3 key demand drivers, AI, cloud and enterprise digital transformation are showing no signs of letting up, and we are well positioned with over 300 data centers across the key markets around the world. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today and would like to thank our dedicated and exceptional team at Digital Realty, who keep the digital world running. Thank you. 
