Andy Power: Hey, thanks Michael. So, this is Andy. Let me maybe try to take that in reverse order. And I will see if I can get all the details by region. So, I think the second part of your question was speaking to what next year’s growth looks like and we shared a little bit of preview although obviously our guidance will come out till early next year. Really there is no we were speaking to the bottom line or core FFO per share growth so there is no apples and oranges, benefits, because the cost of our Interxion acquisition is kind of baked in, the share count, and obviously, the debt. So it’s not like there is inorganic growth, supplementing those numbers. If you kind of deconstruct it, from the top line, I mean, I think you can look at our, our signings volume, probably the last two quarters is the best trend given those are two quarters, where we reported Digital plus Interxion together for 100% of the quarters. In terms of P&L contribution and signings this quarter is obviously a strong $89 million, the prior quarter was the record $144 million the two of them kind of averaged out to low 100 to 115 or so. And coincidentally our revenue in the in the quarter is now ready to billion dollars. So that makes the math easy for what kind of revenue growth would be kind of going forward called in the low teens, obviously have to net our any churn. But I still think you arrive at a high single digits revenue number at the top line for the aggregate business. And that obviously nets down to that mid single digit square foot per share growth model. I think that headwind or to obviously think about is we are having the less spend this year, well, obvious things less T&E, delay in maintenance of OpEx, right that was going kind of just critical staffing. And assuming we are all fortunate to be in a better place versus this virus next year, we would assume a lot of those costs involve them in some capacity return. Breaking that going back to your first part of the question and looking at the revenue contributions was I don’t I apologize, I don’t have a segment by segment P&L in front of me. But I think I can get to the crux of it, we just look at our development schedule, which is just under 200 megawatts of capacity under constructions 56% pre leased, was returns, it creped up a little bit in our favor, this quarter relative to last quarter. And you can see, relative to our existing mix of business, a disproportionate share of our new capacity coming online is outside the U.S. relative to our installed base. And was not on that schedule given unconsolidated joint ventures Latin America further amplify that math based on the activity we are doing with Ascenty. So, obviously, our growth relative to the install base is much larger in India, in Latin America, and Asia Pacific, given the amount of new capacity that we signed, or bringing online in those markets relative to those bases. Relative and makes sense. Obviously the North American market is by far the most mature and is our largest portion of the pie.
Andy Power: Yes. Thanks, Bill. So, John, obviously, we are still in 2021 budget season, but I don’t – I do look at kind of what’s ahead in 2021 in terms of expirations as being very favorable in terms of volume mix, mark-to-market relative to our history, which I have shared for some time in some of our investment polls you have obviously hosted. If you kind of go to our expiration table and our supp, I look at them really two discreet buckets, the first one being call it that 01 megawatt category, with about 17% of our expirations in 2021, which is concentrated in our most highly connected, highest pricing power sticky albeit shorter term co-location contract bucket, pro forma for our combination about half of that, contracts coming due in that from legacy Interxion in the Western portfolio. So, we do expect to continue to see very strong pricing power there and the other half is really from our legacy North America co-lo portfolio. Overall, the markets are call it major metros, the London and New York cities, Frankfurt, San Francisco, Paris’ in terms of the top markets coming due in that bucket. If you do look at what I think maybe was the emphasis of your question was kind of looking at the greater than a megawatt bucket that category is a little bit less than 8% as you can see on the supp and it has stepped down about 300 basis points from I think the peak was the third quarter of 18%, about over – just over 11%. Other than Ashburn in that category of expirations north of megawatt, no market other than Ashburn is greater than 1%. So, it’s pretty diverse. And when you – I mean, I know it’s a little bit of tough comparison, because we broaden our definition or change our definition slightly when we changed our disclosures a couple of quarters ago, but if you look at the rates per kilowatts, we look at our rates on expiring contracts having come down call it $15 or so per kilowatt in that time period from that prior peak, so setting us up for more favorable comparison. And then last but not least, as I highlighted in the prepared remarks, really the most concentrated expiration is just under 17 megawatts. Fortunately, it is in the Ashburn market, obviously our largest market and probably going to come at a better time given how well our team has done in leasing that market, 90 megawatts of the last 9 months really [indiscernible] organization on that. So I know I am certainly aware of customers right now that are anxiously, awaiting for that adjacent hall in their buildings and one of our connected campuses to become available. So, I think we will be able to weather our way through that. After that concentration, the next largest call it chunk would be less than 4.5 megawatts from any single customer and half of that expiration in Santa Clara, which is a really tight market for us. So, hopefully, I will provide a little bit more color and a little bit more about the [indiscernible] index as what we see ahead in the expirations.
Andy Power: Hey, thanks, Matt. Maybe I will start off on hyperscale and I will toss it to Corey to speak to what I really thought was a really fantastic quarter when it came to enterprise, in particular. The – I mean, I think the hyperscale arena is something that we have excelled it for several quarters on and year. And I think I got a hunch, the competitor that you were referring to and I think I know it’s a new leadership regime, but I would say that’s, they have been a pretty fierce competitor for some time and aggressive, I have not seen a change in the posture from our day-to-day activities. I think it goes back to Digital, our platform has been able to win more than its fair share by coming to table with many ways to support these global hyperscalers whether it is being across numerous countries and markets, where they want us to grow or they are entering new markets, as Greg mentioned, side by side with them, where there is no truly established player to deliver to our capabilities, whether it is owning the adjacent land holdings that really allows us to future proof that growth and other things like making sure we are delivering the health and safety standards they require and making sure we are operating these facilities to the level that they require as if it was their own building and they have high expectations, I think Digital strives to exceed across the board. And I think you see that paying dividends in our results this last quarter, as I mentioned a second ago, our returns on our development, which are obviously weighted very much to our success within the hyperscale arena, actually went up across a couple of markets. And I think our success in the Ashburn market over the last few quarters, which is a hotly contested market, we have been able to be 100% pre-leased and rather full speaks to our success within that category for sure. So, I think that’s kind of capsulated, I don’t think there is no real dynamic shift in the competitive landscape. I would even say, the customers continue to mature and want to fin down their buying groups with more global partners, trusted infrastructure partners, like the Digital. But Corey maybe you could pick it up and really speak to what you – what we have been doing on the enterprise front.
Greg Wright: Sorry can you hear me now? Sorry about that, Jordan, okay sorry about that. Look I think the current market we are seeing today, which I don’t think will surprise you seeing demand for the data center assets is really strong. This was previously really a niche asset class that I would say is going mainstream, or has gone mainstream, we are seeing more core like capital come into the sector, given the strong supply and demand fundamentals, and how well, the sector has performed during the pandemic. And both of those things, I think, combined with the credit worthiness of the customer base, all of those underlying elements drive for more core like capital. So look, we think you are going to continue to see a focus on data center and asset class this capital is capital that was previously invested in areas like offices or strip malls, and they started to migrate towards our space, I would say the environment is increasingly strong right now. So I mean, again, I think we will continue to see strong demand for the sector for quite some time, Jordan, on the M&A front. I think we have seen, we have seen some of these private portfolios trade, and they continue to trade at, decent levels, for example, I mean, you saw the asset that we sold last quarter in the Netherlands, we sold that and it was a non core asset. And we sold it for roughly a 6.7 cap rate. So, look, I think when you look at the overall environment right now, I would say there is a lot of interest and a lot of demand, which should bode well for the sector.
Greg Wright: Look I think there is yes, when you look at our global strategy, I think it’s different for each market. Jordan, I think, look clearly in Asia right now, the way we have been growing is organic growth in our existing markets through land acquisition and development of near term in our existing land bank, right. I mean, we have rolled out products across seven of the APAC markets for example, we created the first network mutual data center in South Korea, we build out a campus of 100 plus Meg’s in Tokyo. I think it was 5 or 10. Meg’s in Osaka, we powered on a 50 megawatt building in Singapore, which is our third asset there. And that you also saw us announce our second site in Hong Kong. So clearly, when we look at, we look at Asia right now. it’s a harder market to grow in, right because it’s much more fragmented. But we like it. I think in terms of Europe and EMEA, I think you got to look at first thing you have look at is really our under construction pipeline, which we had in legacy Digital as well as the legacy Interxion but you look at markets like Frankfurt, Amsterdam, Zurich, Marseille Stockholm, we have assets in each of those markets under construction and really being driven by customer demand, as well as in those in that same European markets, organic growth, again, in existing markets through the land acquisition, or development of our existing land pipeline things places like Madrid, Frankfurt, Vienna in Paris, clearly in that market to, as you saw in this press release, we will have select dispositions in capital recycling. and you will see some redevelopment, right on our head, our campus that Bill mentioned, one of the beauties of that transaction is we get a, we are going to have redevelopment opportunity for several buildings that we did not previously own. I think when you keep going back then across the globe, and you look at South America, Andy mentioned in organics really been organic growth through land acquisitions and development in South America. Again, like all markets, that’s really a customer driven approach. So you talk about incremental dollars, a lot of times where we go is dictated on where our customers want to be right. And I was – there are no two places that are better examples of that in both Chile and Mexico. Obviously, Brazil was the same. And then when you come back to the U.S., which is a more developed market, again, you will see development in select markets. But I think you will see continue to see acquisition of highly connected assets with what we would call established communities and interest in buildings such as the Westin. And again, there just like in Europe, you will see select capital recycling. So, when I say when you talk about incremental dollars, there is just a quick snapshot of how we are thinking about things across the globe.
Greg Wright: Good. Well, I am not sure we have ever talked about a specific when we have we know we sold our one asset here in Europe here as we mentioned in the quarter in the Netherlands and we thought it was attractive capital for the asset so look I think when you think about our philosophy or approach when it comes to portfolio optimization I mean look we have talked and we remained focused on capital recycling and portfolio optimization, as I mentioned earlier we think it’s a strong market right now to sell assets and once we sell those assets out of what for us again there are still good assets, these are just not core to Digital, our ability to then turn around and recycle those proceeds and deploy capital and other assets that further align with our strategy. Again, we want to do smart deals that maximize shareholder value. And that is where we are focused. So look, I think, over time, the guidance we gave, I guess it’s been, it was an official guidance. But when we talked in the market, I guess it’s been close to two years ago we said a few billion over a few years. We are about halfway through that now. And, but we have been pleased with the results so far. But again, the good news is, we do that we don’t have to do this, we only do this when we think we are going to get fair pricing, and it makes strategic sense for us. Luckily, Andy and John in the team have the balance sheet with a change so that we are never forced to have to do asset sales, but we do them again, when it’s a fair price and make strategic sense to Digital.
Greg Wright: It does 100%. I mean, we look at – we look and see what we are trading, a lot of times for these assets will run marketed processes. So, we get a true market check, but yes, it definitely factors into our thinking, where our stock is trading and what our redeployment strategy will be. Yes, you can be best believed it factors into our thought and approach.
Corey Dyer: Yes, thanks, Matt, for the question and Andy for transitioning to me. On the enterprise front, Matt, I think you asked a little bit about where the new logos are coming from and just where the enterprise wins are coming from and I would tell you, Andy referenced earlier record number of new logos. And then we are just excited about the quality of the new logos and what the growth and the future that they can drive as you think through it. Some of the notable wins we talked about were global markets company, there was one of the largest financial derivative exchanges we have signed and convinced during the quarter. We also had a mobile marketing platform that fuels many of the popular mobile gaming that are with [indiscernible] marketing technology and a major participant in the investment industry. So, we just had a really broad base of wins in the enterprise lately. As you think through it, we also kind of keep track of service exchange support. So that went up for us. And then interesting this quarter, more than 50% of our new bookings this quarter, as Andy mentioned, were from deals less than 1 megawatt, which is generally assigned to the enterprises coming to you. And then if you think longer term Matt about where we are going, there is a lot of studies out there that show 80%, 85% of the enterprise, we are thinking about going hybrid cloud strategy. And so as you think about that migrating to hybrid clouds implies that they are going to put some of them in the public cloud, but a majority of it is in their kind of co-location facilities like us. So we don’t see that we see that as an another advantage and something is going to continue to drive more enterprise growth for us. And then there is probably a little bit of COVID, of expediting kind of a transition to a distributed architecture for the enterprises, which again, we are really well positioned to take advantage of. So above and beyond that we are doing a lot with our go to market that we are changing that we did in the last couple of years, that had huge success for us. And then the channel that we have built here in the last couple years has been amazing for us to already normal than 20% of business out of the channel. So feel like we are really just kind of hitting on all cylinders when it comes to the enterprise right now. And I feel really, really happy with what we are doing and where we are progressing the business. Hope that helps, Matt.
Corey Dyer: Yes, so, Sam thanks for the question. What I would tell you is that our percentage of our sales from a legacy Digital perspective has continued to grow are well over 20%. With the Interxion that might moderate it a little bit, but I think it gives to your point, a huge opportunity for us as we build out the channel globally and we continue to take the same learnings we have had across North America throughout the globe. So, I think there is a huge opportunity for us. I think that was your question. Sorry, if I didn’t answer it.
Corey Dyer: No, Chris, you did a great job on framing up what it is, what I would also add to that maybe is, it really helps us have a point of view, and, some perspective for customers, as they think through the changing architecture what they are going to need is to go through COVID and get going into much more distributed world. And so you are going to have to start thinking about how you handle data, not just interconnection, alright, and the data that is going to matter to all of us. It’s what really drives all of our businesses. So if you have got some customers that are curious about it we have got a whole bunch of people and team members here that are more than happy to get engaged with to talk about how you can make take advantage of it.
Bill Stein: Hey, thanks, Jon. So to answer both of those questions, the lion’s share of the activity landed within legacy Interxion sites within EMEA. We did have a very strong contribution from the legacy Digital co-lo sites, but overall GAAP wise, it was call it less than 10% of the EMEA contribution. So, as and which should be expected, obviously, the legacy footprints are weighted, their legacy footprint in the EMEA was a fair bit larger than our legacy footprint in EMEA. And then on your question in North America versus EMEA, I mean, I think this kind of goes back to the first question Michael Rollins today asked about, we are certainly seeing outsized growth relative to our installed base in these non-U.S. markets, although I do at the same time, you have to put it in the context. We are coming off a quarter in North America where we absorbed a tremendous amount of capacity in North America, including Ashburn. So, I am not sure I had pointed in the direction that EMEA overall was going to be larger, especially in the plus megawatt category for some extended duration. But we are definitely pleased with the success of our combined EMEA platform. And I think for what I am seeing, we are not done for the year in that category yet as well. I know, another way we are differentiating ourselves with some of these hyperscalars is kind of continue to support them in more and more EMEA markets, not just the traditional flat markets, so some growth leading the flaps has been a great place to where we have had success in EMEA as well.
Bill Stein: Thanks, Sami. So, congratulations as yours are in order and some of the IR rankings, so good work there and we are glad to see that recognized. But to answer your question obviously, that those data points are pointing in our favor a bit in terms of our cash mark-to-markets. You saw that in the quarter basically flat to low 20 basis points negative in the less than megawatt category, but basically flat across both and flat overall and what we have put up in terms of renewals in the third quarter. We also improved our characterization of our mark-to-market in our guidance from a beginning we are down low single-digits in terms of our expectations for our cash mark-to-markets. And now we have, in the words of John Stewart, are slightly negative. So, moving in the right direction for sure there, I would put an asterisk or caveat just to be more transparent that you can see in the document here, the readings this particular quarter were overall much more in the call it most highly connected, network oriented megawatt or less type category. So that obviously blends in our favor. Those are locations, both legacy Digital and legacy Interxion with some of our strongest pricing power. And the overall sample set in the greater than megawatt category was certainly on the smaller side. So, I don’t think we are ready to put the victory flag up behind us on this topic, but I do – I am taking some conviction that we are moving in a better direction here, which is the product in some regards of not only the market fundamentals, but also the REIT characterization or complexion of our portfolio that is much more diversified across both the U.S. and non-U.S. markets, more connected and highly connected and now we are going into destinations. So, I do think those things, in addition to the market fundamentals, are helping us on the cash mark-to-markets.
Bill Stein: Chris, why don’t you share a little bit about what we are doing around Data Gravity and what that means for customers and also Corey, please chime in as well.
Bill Stein: And then Colby, just real quick on your second question, obviously, we are not pulling forward on call with our guidance for next year, call it 180 days or whatever it is. But I think the point – that point most relevant to the heart of your question was funding sources and thoughts. Greg touched it little bit, but I think I would kind of capsulate in the following snapshot, obviously, where it stand today at our targeted leverage levels and that’s with a substantial backlog of non-income producing assets that are going to be coming online and producing the EBITDA here shortly to kind of grow our EBITDA without much capital requirements to finish those projects. Two, as you saw, we have got about little more about – little over $300 million of cash sitting on the balance sheet, which is just the net of the capital raise relative to the data preferred redeemed. So, there is kind of cash sitting there, not earning anything as we speak, but obviously we will go towards our funding sources for the next 12 plus months. We have redeemed about $500 million of professional preferred in the last 2 months. So, we do have professional referred capacity and those coupons we have been quoted are close to 4%. Greg touched on potential dispositions in the call it – if we get to the high end of our guidance, let’s call it another $500ish million of size. So also those are un-levered, also contributing equity sources. And then longer term, I think we are going back to that question you just had raised of always continuing to expand our capital partners with sources of private capital where we can put in fully valued, maximized, fully leased long-term assets and retained management control. And we have also not been shy of prudently using the ATM on the margins here. So I think we have got a lot of arrows in our quiver here in terms of capital sources to fund some pretty attractive opportunities we see in the front view mirror here. Thanks, Colby.
Bill Stein: Thank you, Andrew. I would like to wrap our call today by recapping our highlights for the third quarter as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. First, we further strengthened our connections with our customers, landing a record number of new logos in the quarter with a book of new business remarkably well balanced across customer type and geographic region. We also delivered solid current period financial results, feeding consensus and raising guidance for the second time this year. We further extended our global platform, providing customers a gateway into Southeastern Europe and our runway for growth across the continent, with strategic land acquisitions and new development starts. Last but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet, with exceptional execution on $2.5 billion of long-term capital raises and we use the proceeds to retire $2 billion of high coupon debt and preferred equity. I would like to conclude today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty family and particularly our frontline team members in critical data center facility roles, who have kept the digital world turning in the midst of a global pandemic. I hope all of you stay safe and healthy and we hope to see many of you in person again soon. Thank you.
