Michael F. Foust: Oh no, I'm good. Go ahead, Jordan.Jordan Sadler – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  That's the question. And then as a follow-up, I was just curious if you could maybe talk about any large tenant requirements you were seeing in the market.
Michael F. Foust: Now in other markets, we've seen maybe prices, the rates tick up a bit in places like Dallas and Phoenix. Certainly internationally, in Australia and Singapore, pricing is very good for us and we're looking at healthy returns in those markets. But across the board in the U.S. markets, we're still on our spec buildings achieving 11% -- 14% unlevered return on costs. So that continues to be very consistent for us.Jordan Sadler – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Thanks. And just the follow-up on the large tenant requirements, are you seeing large tenants in any of these markets? I know you don't have a tremendous amount of availability, but I was curious in terms of what you're seeing out there for demand there.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, it's interesting. In New Jersey, we're seeing some very large requirements from major Wall Street firms. And those will be ones that we can accommodate either in our Powered Base Building product that we have built out in Piscataway. We have space in Weehawken as well, a little bit less, smaller space in Weehawken, a couple PODs there and we've got a combination of build-to-suit requirements in Somerset and other sites that we have that we've identified. And we're seeing a couple of very large requirements potentially in London, certainly in Dallas, a number of good medium-size requirements for Phoenix, Boston. So across the board, it's pretty active. What's interesting, especially interesting are the large requirements that are percolating out there, some maybe in early stages for the New Jersey area.Jordan Sadler – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.:  Thank you.
Michael F. Foust: And then in terms of the ramp, I think we're fairly steady now. I don't have a schedule in front of me that breaks it out by quarter, but I think we're relatively steady quarter-by-quarter at this point with the amount of activity that we have underway.Paul B. Morgan – Morgan Stanley & Co., LLC:  Okay, great. Thanks.
Michael F. Foust: And I think you'll probably see a similar uptick in margins compared to the fourth quarter of last year as well. And I think one of the things you have to remember is on fourth quarters there are a lot of reconciliations going on. And when you look at annualized year-over-year, our margins are holding or improving.
Michael F. Foust: Your portfolio is growing quite a bit year-over-year. And once again, really what's more meaningful is looking at the entire year of 2010 with the entire year of 2011 gives you a better idea because the operating margins are actually improving and there are just a lot of reconciliations that go on the fourth quarter. So fourth quarters are hard to -- it's hard to extrapolate from a fourth quarter alone.
Michael F. Foust: Yeah, we've actually added quarter-over-quarter,12/31/2010 to 12/31/2011, we've added over 770,000 square feet of occupied square feet and the great majority of that is turnkey data centers that are gross rents -- I'm sorry. It's actually over 1 million.James C. Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay, all right. Thank you.
Michael F. Foust: A lot of that's in the same -- in operating buildings, yeah, not all of that. And I don't know exactly the proportion, but a lot of that is in current operating buildings, yes.James C. Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Okay, I guess it will be useful to know what was utilized square feet year-over-year also in this presentation.
Michael F. Foust: If you look at our EBITDA margins year-in, year-out on an annual basis, we're going to be on an EBITDA margin basis 60% or a little better very steadily.
Michael F. Foust: Once again, we're adding properties because we're doing a lot of construction and, hopefully, a lot of leasing along with it. And we have a good backlog, as I mentioned earlier, that will be coming online, and a lot of that's in those same-store buildings. But I think we're going to -- on a percentage basis, we ought to be pretty steady.
Michael F. Foust: Well, land, you can't capitalize land under any circumstance. So our land holdings are really -- we're really in good shape in terms of kind of feeding demand, so our significant land holdings would be our next phase in Virginia, the smaller piece that we acquired in Dublin. We have land for development at our Richardson Datacenter Park, Dallas. So those three locations are probably where we have actual land. And then where we have re-development space, shelf space in the re-dev portfolio, if it's not under construction, we are not capitalizing. But the acquisition that should close this quarter has some land that we'll be able to use at a later date; about 10 acres and a lot of power.George D. Auerbach – ISI Group, Inc.:  Okay, thank you.
Michael F. Foust: Yes. And, Tayo, if you look at -- especially if you look at G&A as percentage of revenues, we're very steady there. So if you look at the G&A and our guidance on G&A, it's very much in line with the previous years and even ticked down a snitch, but we're very consistent as G&A as a percentage of revenues, which I think is a meaningful number, meaningful ratio if you look at how we're managing our business.Tayo T. Okusanya – Jefferies & Co., Inc.:  Okay, that's helpful. Bill, second question goes to you. As I look at your credit metrics, they're just really, really strong at this point. Just kind of curious what you think your chances are in regards to getting yet another credit rating upgrade.
Michael F. Foust: We're in so many markets now. Now, that's not to say on a build-to-suit basis, we wouldn't expand into some new markets, but yes, the latest one being with our build-to-suit operation with NetApp in suburban Portland, in Hillsboro, Portland, that's kind of an interesting market, so that -- but if you look around, we're in Seattle meaningfully, San Francisco, Silicon Valley, LA, Phoenix, Dallas, Chicago. You'll probably see us doing more in Chicago. We like that market a lot and we're virtually 96% leased there. We'll be doing more in Boston, expanding our footprint in the Boston market and expanding in our Needham facility and continue to expand the operations in Wakefield. Virginia, we continue to be very active, as we are in New Jersey. And I could see us perhaps -- we made a nice acquisition of income, stabilized property at Linton, and that's a market we'll look at potentially doing more in. But I think we've got the U.S. pretty covered from a major market per spec building, but that's not to say on a build-to-suit basis we wouldn't go to new markets in the U.S.Tayo T. Okusanya – Jefferies & Co., Inc.:  Great, thank you.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, certainly. In New Jersey, I think we have three PODs available right now, about 3.5 megawatts that's built out, ready to go, but we also have hard-based building, probably a couple of 100,000 feet that we have available that we can build out custom or build out more or leases as Power Base Building. The folks want to use their own capital to build out. And we are talking to customers about doing more customized build-to-suit within those buildings if you will. And we continue to look at new sites to accommodate some of these larger requirements that are out to there that are more build-to-suit-oriented. So we're definitely very busy in New Jersey right now.
Michael F. Foust: Just this week, we became aware of maybe another 20 megawatts of potential projects from major firms. So there's a lot going on potentially in New Jersey.
Michael F. Foust: We can build that very quickly in our existing Powered Base Buildings. So in Somerset, in Piscataway, and Weehawken, in all those places we have Powered Base building -- in the case of Weehawken, it's actually built out beyond Powered Base. We have one POD and one POD that is about halfway built out. In Piscataway and Somerset right now, we have space that we can build out very quickly, customized space. So instead of building out the spec POD, if we can deliver something in 12 or 14 weeks for a customer and we could do it on a more customized basis, it's definitely for everyone's benefit to do that. And we have the just-in-time product available for those who do want to move in, in 30 days. So we have the best of both worlds there.
Michael F. Foust: The opportunities that we're seeing right now that we think are executable are individual property acquisitions. And we're really not seeing other than speculation other M&A opportunities, though we always have our feelers out and we're always inquiring with companies about the potential for larger, more enterprise M&A type investments. But I really can't say that there's anything percolating at this point.William A. Crow – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay.
Michael F. Foust: The demand that we're talking about and that we put in our stats are projects that we're bidding on or that we have at least preliminary proposals out to or proposed LOIs at least. And then there are some very large potential build-to-suits that are out in the market with RFPs and RFIs currently.William A. Crow – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Thank you. That's it for me.
Michael F. Foust: It's interesting because the markets that we're looking at, where we're actively building, both the U.S. and internationally, are major markets. So whether it's London or Dallas or Singapore or Northern Virginia, we're not taking emerging market risk at all. So the initial risk that we think we mitigate very well with our processes and procedures is going into a new market, whether it's a new market domestically or a new market internationally. And we mitigate those risks because we have tried and true very specific programs on design, contracting, project management, commissioning, and property operations. And when we go into a new market, whether it's in the U.S. or in international, we have market leaders come in from other Digital regions to get things set up, trained, establish our program while we're training local folks. And a lot of our employees are international folks too who have a lot of experience. So there, for example, our folks in Australia and Singapore, our long-time data center experts and operators in those markets. So it's more of entering a new market rather than an international market because we're not going into emerging markets. We're staying in mature, where are a lot of our customers, frankly, especially a place like Singapore and London and even Paris are existing customers of ours and working with us in multiple markets, the same for Amsterdam as well.Lukas Hartwich – Green Street Advisors, Inc.:  That's helpful. Thanks.
Michael F. Foust: We're really good partners and we're doing work together all the time and new things all the time, including currently. So with our relationships and in terms of value that we bring, in being able to play in so many markets, it has been very value-add for them. We've got great relationships top to bottom throughout the organization. So we expect to continue to have a great relationship with them.Gabriel Hilmoe – UBS Securities, LLC:  Thank you.
Michael F. Foust: Are you looking at square footage?Jonathan Schildkraut – Evercore Partners, Inc.:  No. I was just trying to look at the revenue run rates, incremental lease commencements and then realized incremental revenue growth. You know what; I can take that question offline. I apologize.
Michael F. Foust: It varies. It varies widely. Yes, I'd say it's a range. There's still a significant amount of latency sensitive. Even if it's not necessarily trading, there are databases that need to be concurrently maintainable. And then there are a number of -- a significant amount of applications that are less latency critical, some of the more cloud-oriented, grid-computing types. And some of those actually applications we've taken with Wall Street firms down in Virginia and some other locations that maybe they can enjoy a little bit lower power cost especially. So it really runs the gamut. We're seeing a lot of consolidation, and we've been seeing this across the board now for a couple years and it's starting to accelerate where companies in general will have data centers in different departments. It's in the converted broom closets, the converted conference rooms, in high-rise buildings. And the IT departments are getting their arms around all these dispersed applications in different departments and bringing them under one roof. And that typically means coming into a new facility that's built for them. So I think we're seeing a lot of that. That does represent a pretty wide range of applications and equipment.Chris R. Lucas – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Okay, and then just talking about consolidation. There is money in the federal budget for data center consolidation. I guess I'm just curious as to what you're seeing in terms of actual movement along that front and then also sort of what your sense is to the ultimate size of that opportunity.
Michael F. Foust: Once again, thank you everyone for taking the time to be with us today and taking the time for a great turnout for the Investor Day as well. And I'd just like to thank all of our team members here at Digital Realty. Our team has done a terrific job, record-breaking year in leasing and developing our customer relationships more deeply. And the team here is doing a terrific job delivering those data center solutions across a wide range of market. So my thanks to the DLR team and we're looking forward to a really good 2012. Thank you.
A. William Stein: Paul, I can speak to the funding piece of it. The good news is we're coming into the year with a relatively low leverage. We're at 4.4 debt-to-EBITDA. We'd like to manage it up to five, higher if need be. So given the growth of EBITDA, there's clearly plenty of room for additional leverage, and our needs for equity are relatively modest. So given the modest needs for equity, I'm very comfortable that we can fund through the ATM. And one of the alternatives for us, which we demonstrated in August of last year, is that we're willing to go to the perpetual preferred market as well. And those rates, if anything, are more attractive today than they were when we issued in August. So we view that as extraordinarily attractive permanent capital.
A. William Stein: I've got the Q4 to Q3 comparison for same-store margins here and let's -- I'll pull up the same-store from the sub.James C. Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  And also versus 4Q last year, it seems like there were some pretty big spikes.
A. William Stein: In taxes or in the whole thing?James C. Feldman – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  No, like those are three of the ones that really stick out. Do you think all that space --
A. William Stein: Yeah, I think you need to ignore the utilities because the utilities are increasing 11.8% but the reimbursements are increasing 14.4%.
A. William Stein: That's still on pace. And I think for purposes of -- with the exception of that acquisition, when that acquisition happens, you'll see how much it is. Subtract it from our guidance and then I would assume mid-quarter convention for the balance.
A. William Stein: To the extent they come in later in the year, really don't move the needle that much for the current year FFO. It's more of a subsequent year FFO item.Emmanuel Korchman – Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.:  Yes, perfect. Thanks guys.
A. William Stein: Flat to the $30 million.George D. Auerbach – ISI Group, Inc.:  Okay. And I guess on the rental rate side, the gap spreads on the turnkey leasing were about 2% positive this quarter. But can you help us understand what the cash roll-down was? I'm assuming it was negative.
A. William Stein: Well, I think what we should do is look at the guidance for 2012.Tayo T. Okusanya – Jefferies & Co., Inc.:  I think it's the reconciliation I was just trying to do basically, figuring out if that guidance actually does make sense.
A. William Stein: And Vincent, we think that New Jersey is more so than other markets, a market where demand is characterized by corporate enterprise as opposed to Internet. And we believe that we've demonstrated that our product is well suited to the corporate enterprise market. And so, to the extent that you might hear from others that demand is not looking as strong in New Jersey that might be a function of whether their product meets the corporate enterprise market as well as ours does.
A. William Stein: If the right opportunity came along, we'd be clearly interested.William A. Crow – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay.
A. William Stein: Now we can.Jonathan Schildkraut – Evercore Partners, Inc.:  All right, I apologize for that. I had a question about New Jersey. Bill, you talked about tracking a lot of demand and demand from financial services, and we're tracking actually a bunch of demand from financial services as well. And one of the things that we are hearing is that some of these clients are very interested in dedicated backup systems, generators, and other equipment. And you noted that perhaps your facilities were better suited to fill some of the demand in the New Jersey market. I was wondering if you could tell us if that was one of the items that you were seeing. And if not, maybe you could elucidate us a little bit on what it is about your facilities that places you in a better competitive position. Thanks.
A. William Stein: I don't believe. If you look at our renewal overall, our overall renewals on a revenue basis, GAAP revenue basis, I think we're probably about 100%.
A. William Stein: Right now, our guidance or assumptions for currency exchange rates for guidance purposes are conservative, in the sense that I think the euro and the pound and the Sing dollar are all quite a bit higher -- not quite a bit, but higher than what we stated in our assumptions. So, at this point, if today's exchange rates for the balance of the year and there were no fluctuation whatsoever, it would add another couple of pennies to the existing FFO.Chris R. Lucas – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Great, thanks a lot. That was helpful.
