Matt Miszewski: Yes, hey, Jordan, it's Matt, and thanks for the question. In with regard to the quarter, of course, my team, my global team is very pleased with our most recent quarter coming in around $40 million kind of as you mentioned, not to mention the welcome revenue contribution of $8 million coming from our interconnection business. It is important to remember when we talk about the current leasing environment out in the industry that we aren't really new to this hyper-scale cloud game. In fact, while we talked in the opening remarks about the one deal that was an anchor in Osaka, we have done more deals in Q1 with hyper-scale cloud providers as well. And we have been addressing this demand for more than a few years now successfully and during that time period as well as Q1, we captured multiple multi-megawatt requirements from various, not just one, but various hyper-scale cloud service providers around the world. And from our perspective, these requirements may be a little less conspicuous in our quarterly leasing results given the diverse nature of what has become a consistent $30 million to $40 million contribution of quarterly leasing activity. So, for instance, this quarter, Jordan, about 30% of our signings came from the top three cloud service providers, about an additional 20% came from targeted cloud providers outside of those top three, and then a bit more than 30% came from our diversified stack of social, mobile, analytic, cloud, and content accounts. It's important that we keep in mind that in addition to our quarterly wins here in the U.S. we're also successfully landing requirements in our target global markets. Not simply in Japan, in London as well which tend to be comparatively bluer oceans, where our publicly traded domestic data center, read peers, may not have a dominant presence. And the final piece of my response would be that, my team, as you know, remains intensely committed to strong leasing fundamentals beneficial to shareholders while we keep our eye on driving this growing hyper-scale demand.
Matt Miszewski: Thanks, Jonathan, for the question. With regard to both Japan and Frankfurt, as you know, we have got an EMEA team as well as an Asia Pacific team and in Asia Pacific as we announced last quarter, we brought on a new Managing Director in Ted Higase to be able to help us make sure that we hit that market extremely well. His background in Japan will coincidently or maybe not so coincidentally help us out a great deal in making sure that the Asia Pacific sales team has a head start and being able to hit the demand in Japan. Similarly in Europe, Wendy Will is our Managing Director for the EMEA team and has the ability to help that team hit new markets including the new markets that we see in Germany. We've got a sufficient staff and leadership employees in EMEA from a sales and sales operations perspective to be able to hit that demand quickly and we have been monitoring the demand pipeline for Germany for quite some time and we've got a significant buildup pipeline that we are ready to clear.
Matt Miszewski: Yes, thanks and great question. And there was a good deal of leasing in particular in one of our markets in the Central region, one of our great campuses in Chicago, where it was power – we'll call it power enhancements, but basically driving additional density into the floor space that's already taken by an individual customer. We think these are fantastic wins for us. From an economic perspective, they're fantastic for us, from a power perspective, they are very good for us, even from a relationship with utilities that we do business with, it increases the utilization of the power that's committed by those individual utilities and we do see density plays continue to play out throughout our portfolio where we can increase the stickiness of those individual customers in our facilities by bringing them additional power. It's also a great signal that our customers are doing well. In this case, this customer's doing extremely well and is taking power at a rate that we didn't anticipate, but it actually ended up helping a great deal.
Matt Miszewski: Yes, I think it is a little bit of a combination of both of those. And it depends on which one of the hyper-scale providers we're talking to and how far along they're in their planned execution and then what type of visibility they have into their own demand. And that really is a little bit different obviously from cloud service provider to cloud service provider. A number of them have had advance plans and it meets with their advanced planning. A number of them have seen a radical shift in terms of the demand coming to them and so in their hot markets which happen to line up with some of our hot markets, they want to occupy as much space and power as they can because they know that they will burn through it and utilize it. So, it really does depend. I would say about half and half amongst the cloud providers in terms of the current large amounts of deployments that they're going through to hit their current set of demands, but also to make sure that they understand they can cover demand that they historically might have missed because they didn't have inventory in market.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah. So, hey, Manny, in terms of, just to clarify, actually I think the Japan lease will commence in late 2017. But, it's a good question, in terms of, is the demand that we're seeing not just with that particular and I assume your question applies to more than just the Japan deal and applies across the board with these types of deals that we're seeing. And how do the customers think about what their takes will be? And how do we respond to those? We've got a really good process actually in place to understand the production capabilities that we have and how those production capabilities match up to what our customers really need, I'll talk about what our customers need. Then I'll turn it over to Jarrett to talk about the production capabilities that we have. In terms of the way our customers look at this, they still sort of look at it as having a foot in each of these markets, in each of these buildings, in each of these facilities. That usually comes in the shape of at least one, what we used to call pod, but one scale oriented pod, sometimes two-scale oriented pods that they need in short order. One is generally the size that they need upfront, and then they need to have visibility, so that they're not going to outgrow their needs, and they're not going to outgrow the co-lo needs that they know their customers are going to need in the hybrid cloud environment. And I'll have Jarrett answer the rest of the question.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah. Thanks, Jordan. First of all, Bill and Andy won't let me build out the sales force to address that potential demand and I am happily compliant with not building it out. And just to be clear, right, it was – it clearly is a differentiator between us and other folks in this industry. So, it was not that we didn't have some trepidation in making the decision to address a large segment of the potential revenue in what amounts to an entirely different way for us as a company. So, that was not without personal risk on my side, but also just a little bit of risk on our side, but it's a great question. How do we feel confident that it's going – two main components make me feel confident – and the first, it always starts with our customers. I think during the last earnings call we had just come from a meeting with one of our top five customers, and the reception from us having a conversation with those C-level folks and talking to them about not competing with them and asking for their support and signing up for the partnership program and being actively involved in helping us pass leads back and forth and being true partners, gives me a great deal of confidence. And then secondly, nothing brings confidence like pipeline, especially in my particular world. And so, the guys this year said, in the first quarter have already generated $40.1 million in pipeline inside G&A to date. Now, obviously we do not close all of that pipeline and we're starting small and learning, make sure we get it right and we are growing the program as we move it forward; added another program to the reseller partnership program this particular quarter. We'll continue doing that with some of our key partners moving forward. But nothing gives me peace of mind like having $40 million in pipe in a brand new program.
Andrew Power: Hey, Jordan, it's Andy. So the tick-up was 5.2 times to 5.3 times, but I think I got the gist of your question. So our funding strategy for the year remains the same, the base case is to fund our development with our retained capital proceeds from our asset sales and our debt raises, which are largely finished now. With that funding strategy, we see our leverage throughout each and every quarter of the year between that targeted 5 times to 5.5 times net debt to EBITDA, so right around target levels. In addition right now we have less than $100 million on the revolver. Now, if the facts change and if we see an opportunistic investment opportunity, we will certainly look to issue equity similar to we've done in the past.
Andrew Power: Sure, Jon, this is Andy. So that change in the customer list, you saw a German bank disappear and you saw HP Enterprises gain some exposure on our top customer list. So essentially that institution transferred over to HP and is essentially outsourcing via that route.
Andrew Power: Hey, Colby, on your second question, and by far no one in this room is an expert on that topic, but essentially, the REIT sub-segment on financial exchanges is coming someone out of the shadows of being grouped with other financial services companies, such as the big banks and will be a standalone component of the indexes. There has been a lot of research reports out and market chatter with the thesis being that there'll be additional focus, attention and we hope capital inflows into REITs in general and especially in the Digital Realty stock.
Andrew Power: Hey, Vin, it's Andy. I think you're just seeing some of the power usage may be inflating it a little bit. I don't think we've seen any rent spikes in any particular market. We think our rents are still running healthy and support our development yields of the 10.5% to 12.5%. We see rents on a comparable basis kind of staying flat to having very modest increases right now.
Andrew Power: Sure. So, Vin, the guidance yields are roughly 10.5% to 12.5%. It's really just a function of when you bring on new projects, how leased they are and if the initial yields are a little lower, it depends on the market. But all in all, we see the yields kind of still with our bogey. In terms of the total size of pipeline, we haven't seen anything right now that's going to have a massive shift or increase in our pipeline. We still have that consistent amount of annual spend. The one point I would clarify though is, while we have $540 million of remaining spend for these projects, some of this is pre-leased, over half of it actually, and some of it is speculative. We're actually only contractually committed to finish roughly $380 million of that, so if the music did stop and there was oversupply delivered to any market, that would represent like 0.3 turns of debt to EBITDA, so our balance sheet leverage would still be in check. And as I mentioned before, we have $1.9 billion of availability on our revolver, so no crisis would ensue.
Andrew Power: And Matt, this is Andy speaking. So, the underwriting and returns piece of the equation really – mostly applies to bringing on new supply, where we have to build either buy land or build from the ground up. We've got a giant portfolio with pockets of vacancy throughout different markets, where it's not – whether the deal mix are underwriting hurdle, it's about marketing, finding demand and landing in locations. So, that settle the – underwriting is not always the governor for whether a lease lands or not.
Andrew Power: Sure. So, those are probably separate parts of our P&L, so same-store capital for NOI is not really pick up new development contributions. Reasons for same-store or our view of increased optimism on same-store drove the results in the first quarter and what we've seen going into the second quarter. I think that's both on the top line and the bottom line. You mentioned the bottom line is really – on a NOI basis, it's better operations at the property level. So, I think if you look through our P&L, especially in the same-store side of it, most of our expenses were flat or potentially down in some categories. So, we're running the properties more efficiently. And then on the top line, we did have some mark-to-market outcomes that were a little bit better than we planned, which is driving some of the increase in the same-store cash NOI growth.
Andrew Power: Sure. Sure, Manny, this is Andy. I think that's your third question, but we're going to give you a pass today, because I like you so much. So, the $1.35 was roughly around our internal projections, so we're right in line, so everyone trying to – kind of these step functions kind of mirror what our internal results look like. I would say most of these are flow through to the rest of the year, so Digital Realty NOI, Telx EBITDA. G&A, there may be some timing elements to it. Part of that's non-comp related travel consulting, fees like that. So, if people exceed budgets in subsequent quarters, they're essentially using a budget, they didn't use in the first quarter. And then the lower interest expense, I mean that's a product of two things, the timing of when we did our capital raises and actually our execution on the capital raises. The one thing I would caveat, it's not as simple as just taking the far right bar, and times it by four to get our full-year number. We do have some items that will reduce that full-year number and offset – are increases in revenue. One of those is that portfolio of datacenters that we have under contract and to sell, hopefully, in next month or so. That'll obviously be dilutive out of the gate when you sell $120 million-ish of assets that are income producing. And then the second item is, we basically had the revolver balance at $600 million or $700 million for most of the quarter and then did a $600 million Eurobond. Subsequent to quarter end – and that was a fixed-rate eight-year piece of paper, which is obviously good for the balance sheet, locks in long-dated FX hedged debt, but is not as low as floating rate revolver debt.
Andrew Power: Hey, (sic) Jonathan, this is Andy. I'll take the first part, and then I'll open it up to the team to answer. The Telx update integration, what you call it, we're making very good progress, as you can see from the numbers in the Investor Presentation. We're on track and it has to exceed our expectations from our initial underwriting. As previously mentioned on prior call about our investor committee improving Telx expansion under our Ashburn campus, we've now started the pre-sale activity and we should have the doors open there, come September I think you can expect some additional new market expansion done full – throughout the remainder of the year. On the West Coast, well, we've been fortunate enough to sign a subsea cable, which we think will enhance our Telx – the attractiveness of our Telx footprint and our entire footprint in that market. We're also looking – we're expanding our footprint in Atlanta, where we've been very successful at 56 Marietta. So far so good, as it relates to Telx. Just not to jump around, but from our interconnection revenue line item, we're tracking year-over-year on just that revenue component, north of 10%, I think it was close to 11%; and then quarter-over-quarter, I think it's well about 2%ish, just for interconnection revenue. And then, I'll turn it over to the team to answer your middle question.
Andrew Power: Hey, Ross, this is Andy. So, you're right, I think the main driver's Osaka bringing down the yield. The other element, I would say is, if you bridge between the last quarter and this quarter, and I think we highlighted in one of our slides, we did deliver, I believe, 13.2 megawatts across Dallas, Chicago, Northern Virginia that was pretty well leased at an attractive yield. And we rolled on some – really the last phases of our Northern Virginia project before we have to move to our next land – and some other new phases in Chicago and Dallas, which obviously are less well leased. And we include our underwriting estimate in this table until leasing actually comes in. And we typically outperform our underwriting, when we hit the leasing, you'll potentially see these yields go up. And then the other question was, Singapore timing...
Andrew Power: ...and cost. Maybe FX rates would be a driver there; I think we're either at budget or under budget there. I know we have the ribbon-cutting ceremony in May or June.
Andrew Power: Sure, Jordan. So, as a reminder, that top row was our initial underwriting when we announced the transaction back in the middle of July, the key and repeated number, $148 million plus of cash EBITDA. We are, I would say, ahead of plan for just the first quarter. Some of that beat was on the expense side that may have been a little seasonal and timing related, the timing for the annual SKO, or sales kick-off and marketing and sales initiatives around that event, actually moved. Last year it was in the first quarter; we actually pulled it forward and did in December this past year. So, again, that's probably not a number you can necessarily just annualize to get the run rate. We are ramping additional resources on the sales and marketing front there, but all-in-all we're making good progress on the revenue and the EBITDA line item and feel like we're on track to meet or exceed our underwriting estimates.
Andrew Power: Hey, Jonathan, it's Andy. So, we're seeing, I would say, increases in our occupancy utilization pretty much across the board. I'd say from a utilization standpoint, we're kind on track with our plan moving into the 70%s now. And I didn't mention we had some wins that signed that I mentioned for the undersea cable actually hasn't flowed through the utilization just yet ,and actually will probably be something that's more attractive to draw (65:29) customers to that location. I know we see a lot of demand pointed at our Telx location in Santa Clara. And we continue to see tremendous success, be it at Cermak or 56 Marietta in Atlanta, or the New York City Trifecta. So I can't tell you one asset is pulling far, far ahead in terms of percent change from another, so it's been kind of fairly broad-based. And then your second question was about CapEx, I think it's really just timing related, as you can see, from our AFFO reconciliation, if you take those last three line items before our AFFO, they sum less than $26 million of recurring CapEx and commission and compensation for the quarter. But if you multiply that by four that's like a – just a $100-ish million of recurring CapEx. And we have affirmed our guidance table North of $145 million for the full year. So, I think it's just a function of timing and didn't want anyone to think that that lower number could be truly run rated throughout the rest of the year.
Andrew Power: Thank you, Amy. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our first quarter highlights, as outlined here on page 15. First, we made significant progress towards extending our global footprint to our top two target markets with the acquisition of a land parcel in Frankfurt and the signing of an anchor lease on our first project in Japan. We also made headway towards a strategic objective of achieving operating efficiencies to drive accelerating growth in cash flow per share. And we delivered first quarter results well ahead of our own forecast and $0.07 ahead of consensus. We raised guidance by $0.075 at the midpoint on the strength of the beat in the first quarter. And finally, we further strengthened our balance sheet with the success of refinancing of our global credit facilities in January and the completion of our inaugural Eurobond offering in early April. In conclusion, I'd like to say thank you to the entire Digital Realty team, whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution against our strategic plan. Thank you all for joining us. And we look forward to seeing many of you that at May REIT in June.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes, and just to build on the architecture trends, we talked about multi-cloud and hybrid cloud. It's really important for these cloud service providers to have colocation and interconnection on the campus as well. So I think this is a trend that you're seeing, a value proposition that we can, that they LAN their compute engine and support the cloud, but then enterprises and partners can deliver private clouding connectivity right next door and that's a great value proposition.
Jarrett Appleby: Yeah. And I think, Manny, to build on what we just said, I think we talked about at Investor Day, the new agile product that we're rolling out globally. Once we really design two options, the power dense option that you're starting to see and the base option, which is the agility for the client. As well as once we have the shell up, we then can deliver pods, as Matt was talking about, every three months to four months. So, it gives us a lot more agility as we see demand in that market. And so, I think when you pair that, you can sell into a market and meet different customer needs on that timeline.
Jarrett Appleby: And hey, Jonathan, to give you a little more color on the West Coast activity. We've really integrated the efforts of the West Coast team that we have had historically at Digital with the West Coast team, especially on the business solutions side with the Telx Group and a number of the properties that we've looking at, end up having enough contiguous space to be attractive to the digital traditional sales methodology. Now the challenge with that is the Telx sales methodology has a tighter turn, a quicker return, and a faster rate of adoption. The larger deals that we see going up against the Santa Clara facility, as well as the Seattle facility, as well as the Portland facility that we have simply larger deals take a little bit longer for us to close. But the cooperation is working exactly as planned.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. Hi, this is Scott. Good questions on that. Japan, that represents phase one and that's 100% preleased with that anchor tenant. So, future development there would be subject to additional market demand. Germany, we want to develop in conjunction with market demand, although there's a pretty strong demonstrated pipeline of demand in that market. So, I think we would feel a little more comfortable pushing forward a little more aggressively there.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. So, as you know, there's a different set of demand drivers inside that European market and you sort of nailed it on the head. In the places where we see the most amount of demand, we found ourselves out of enough inventory to satisfy that demand. So, in particular, in Amsterdam and in London, where we are currently swinging shovels or swinging hammers or a combination of both – I don't know if you're supposed to swing a shovel – but it depends on what you're doing I guess. But we are satisfying that problem in London and Amsterdam; the same thing in Frankfurt, where we did have demonstrated demand, but obviously we didn't have a presence there as well.
Scott Peterson: So, in terms of the leasing results, what we do every year and as part of the process of making sure that we understand what our commitments are for the year, we have a very specific leasing plan that we publish and work to and we're pretty satisfied with the leasing plan that we have in front of us right now. And we're pretty satisfied that we can hit the goals that we've set out, both internally and the goals that we've set externally.
Scott Peterson: Hey, (sic) Jonathan, Amy, whatever your name is today, really quick on the first part of your question, hopefully to give you a little color on what Andy said and some pretty concrete examples of where we see the combination really coming together quite impressively. We've been to a number of events where we bring both teams together to address customers. I would say it started very actively with PTC, we've got ITW coming up and we've been at a number of events in between. And what's interesting is the reaction from our customers has been absolutely fantastic. So, not only have they thanked us for coming together, for giving them in essence, one throat to choke for all of their scale, co-lo, cross connect and other services' needs. But we've seen a number of them actually start to change their own individual organization structure to come to us in the same way that we are now coming to them all in one. So, we've seen – I've now seen this last week, the fourth large cloud service provider make a decision to consolidate their network folks with their datacenter folks to make sure that they're coming to market the right way. So, I don't know – I'm not claiming credit, if that's because of what we did, but I'm letting you know that it's landing pretty well, that Telx and large campus together. Let me get to the heart of what I think Andy turned it over to me for, which is why hyper-scale is coming into Digital Realty, in particular with our set of assets. There's a couple that Jarrett has talked about individually. One is, first of all, we get hyper-scale, we've been doing hyper-scale before someone truly turned it hyper-scale, we've been doing large deployments and we've figured out how to make a fairly profitable business out of it from the beginning. So, these folks are comfortable, that we know what we're doing and that we've got the size and scale, no pun intended to have a good counterparty on the other side of the transaction for their large compute-node needs. But they also know that their customers' needs more than simply the ability to provide cloud services through one datacenter, five datacenters throughout the world. They also need to have co-location availability, so that those folks have the ability to land what they cannot put in the public cloud, cannot – maybe put into a private cloud, we have to put into their enterprise class datacenter and then they need connectivity to bring them all together. We just came from our client advisory board and several of them came to us and said, we love the idea that we can now get this at one organization. They're looking for ease. They're looking to take the complexity out of the IT transactions that they have in front of them and we are able to act as that vehicle would takes that complexity away. I would say in the future, we've had some future-oriented conversations about where they're taking the business into the future with their platform-as-a-service offerings. And they are very interested in being involved with the company that has now 1,600 customers, many of them IT service providers, many of them providing the service component, they are putting together into the applications of delivering into the future and they want to be able to offer that to their end customers. And Digital is uniquely situated to be able to provide that value proposition where nobody else can.
