Gregory Wright: Yes. Thanks, Jon. Look, I think as Andy mentioned, look, last quarter, which we already announced, we were - we had our two stabilized joint ventures with TPG in Northern Virginia and obviously, GI and Chicago, which generated about $2.2 billion of proceeds. And we -- what we found in that process was demand was very robust to invest in data center assets in the private market, and the same holds true. We're continuing to see even more demand for stabilized assets. And I would go as far as to say it's even greater investor demand, when you look at the development potential development JVs. All I can tell you is we're working hard, and we hope we have something here in relatively short order to report. But right now, no more guidance than that. Other than that, demand remains strong, and we remain encouraged.
Gregory Wright: Yes. Thanks, Andy. Hi Michael, Look, I don't think it's right to say a 9% - you're selling an asset at a 9% cap rate versus what your implied multiple is on your company. In our minds, from a capital allocation perspective, those are two very different things. One is the assets we sold, they're noncore assets, right? One's in Watford, ones in Chantilly. Anyhow what does that mean to us? I mean these are non-campus assets with limited connectivity, right? And when you look at Chantilly, Wilson Nova, it's neither of the major markets of Loudon and Manassas, right? And so when you look at these assets, they're older, they're stand-alone assets. Now this is a very, very small portion of our business. But we call these assets out. So I don't think we can sit here and assess a cap rate on one or two non-core assets versus selling equity in the business. These are assets that are not part of our core business going forward and non-strategic to us, that's a very different analysis. So, I would just caution folks to say, Hey, here's a couple of assets that were non-core that were signed as a nine, therefore, that's not the right cost of capital play or the right capital allocation, because I think it is.
Gregory Wright: I mean no. Look, it's a good question, but the answer is no. Remember, when investors are out there making investments in different sectors, right? Everything is on a relative basis. And I think when investors look at data centers today, and they look at the quality of the facility, the quality of the customer base, the term of the lease, the strong organic growth in the business today. It's the best place for them to invest. In fact, I would argue that over time, you're going to continue to see data centers becoming more mainstream investing rather than a niche play investing when you look at the level of demand out there, whether it's through pension funds, endowments, sovereign wealth funds and the like. So no, I mean, it's also an interesting as there's pockets of capital that are driven - we'll do this unlevered. So they're willing to be patient and wait for leverage and wait for rates to come back down. And I think that also, to your point, Ivan, and I think that's what I mentioned earlier, there's even an outsized demand on the development side. I think the fact that we're in a higher rate environment is driving more demand, if you will, towards development. So - but no, we have not. In fact, I would go the other way. I would say that we've seen an acceleration in the demand for development JVs.
Gregory Wright: Hi Eric, this is Greg. The answer is yes, $750 is still a good deal. And yes, we are working on more than one.
Matthew Mercier: Yes, sure. Thanks, David. I mean I think we - and we kind of talked about this a little bit towards the end of my prepared remarks, but I think, as we've been - one, we've been pretty clear about a desire to deleverage, which we've made substantial progress on. We started the year close to $7 billion, we're at $6.3 billion. We're making progress on that like, I stated at the start of the year. And we're doing that through level of capital recycling asset sales that are going to have an impact not only on this year, but we'll have some follow-through into next year. And we're doing it at a time also where we're looking to take advantage of what we see is a great opportunity in the market, where supply-demand fundamentals are about as strong as they've been. And we see opportunities to deploy capital, but that capital is coming at a higher cost today than it was. And therefore, it's dilutive near term, until that capacity comes online. And we think it's the prudent thing to do, but that's part of the dynamic that we're dealing with.
Matthew Mercier: Sure. Thanks. So I think, first off, I think as a note, we feel pretty confident about the pricing environment right now and - that I think we demonstrated that with the continued increase in releasing spreads that we put into our guidance, where we said greater than 5%. And we've had - we called out some items this year that have been, we'll call it, slight outliers, but we'll - we still see a strong pricing environment that were. And we expect that to continue into the fourth quarter where, we expect positive renewal spreads across all of our product types. I think going into next year, again, not giving guidance, what I would say is come back to the environment that we're in. I mean, there's nothing that suggests that pricing won't continue to be robust and strong across all of our major markets, where things might be different. Again, that you were alluding to is the basis against which those strong pricings are compared against. We are not seeing the same, I still expect that we'll have positive renewal spreads next year, but we'll be able to provide more granularity in terms of the level that, that is once we give guidance next quarter.
Matthew Mercier: Yes. Thanks, Matt. This is Matt as well. So yes, we've had what - I think the important points that I'd call out here are two things. One, the majority of the increase that we've seen over the last couple of quarters in our accounts receivable has been tied to actually VAT receivables as a result of the increased construction that we've had, particularly over internationally in EMEA. When you look at our trade payables, which are really only actually roughly half or a little over half of that balance, we have increased trade payables over the period, but it's also been fairly much in line with our increase in revenue as well. And we've actually been able to bring down our amount of trade payables in the last couple of quarters as well. But again, it doesn't appear that way when the total receivables balance has increased. But again, I think the two sailing points are only - roughly only half of our - that balance is tied to what I call trade receivables, which are actual rent and other billings that are sent to customers. A good chunk is related to VAT receivables tied to our construction, which has been the part that's been growing more substantially, which also has, a liability offset as well.
Matthew Mercier: No. I think, Andy, you hit it. I mean the majority of our development pipeline increased the call roughly 60 megawatts. We had 100 megawatts of new starts vast majority of that was in North America and in Northern Virginia specifically. If you look at our supplemental quarter-over-quarter, our cost per megawatt, I think broadly globally has been roughly flat. So it's just a view of new development starts looking to get those completed as quickly as possible. So, if we can deliver on time for our customers and take advantage of the market that we're in.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Michael. So Jordan's got us playing by new rules to make sure everyone get at least one question on the call. So, we've got one question, but we'll try to get you on the next round for your follow-up. I think our actions are speaking louder than our words hopefully here, whereby we had tremendous success in the first half of the year or dribbling into the month of July on both non-core dispose followed by major hyperscale stabilized assets. And the fact that we haven't moved forward with any additional equity issuance of common stock, I think this speaks to our conviction on the next leg of private capital raisings with the development joint venture or joint ventures being the next leg of the stool. So - and I think those are things that will - are strategic and different for our company in relative to prior experience. Where we're going to share the non-cash flow period of these projects that are large, massive capital-intensive and long-term projects and allow some of these great fundamentals we've seen flow through to the bottom line. That doesn't mean we're 100% averse to ever issuing equity at the right time in the right quorum at the right price. But I think we believe we've got some incremental milestones or wins to put on the board here that are in the not-so-distant future, before we be ready. And this is on the back of tremendous progress. We've taken the balance sheet down, what 0.8 turns of EBITDA, literally in two quarters worth of reporting. So - and so I'm pleased with the progress, and I would say that we have more good news to come. Before - one last thing. I want to hand over to Greg because you made a comment on the non-core dispos, just - I think that we should clarify what that really means to us.
Andrew Power: Hi, thanks, David. So I mean, what's great about this quarter is not just the size of that bar, but just what really went into it. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we usually call it historically led off with the top line number, but I think it was even more important to start with a tremendous foundation. Less than a megawatt interconnection signing it was a granular of quantity of customers, broad-based across the regions, including interconnection was at a record. It was up dramatically, not just year-over-year, close to 28%, but 9% quarter-over-quarter and that is that flywheel success that we've been investing in and starting to see more and more harvesting the fruits of our labor. On the bigger portion of that, it was not one single deal, is our largest deal not even a third of the total signings. It was broad-based across the geos as well. And these are playing to a continuation of demand trends that have been here for a little while, but certainly not exhausted. When you look at the pace of how fast the cloud is growing, digital transformation, hybrid IT. You look at our new logo contribution largely enterprise base 117 from around the globe and artificial intelligence, which is something we've had a hand in supporting for many years in high-performance compute power densities. That is just starting to blossom in our numbers. And I think that is just an incremental tailwind of demand where it doesn't feel like the digestion period is anywhere near coming to the amount of capacity demands we're seeing for the industry overall.
Andrew Power: Thanks Michael. So I mean - this isn't new news. And I think I framed this at some of the investor meetings we've had through the fall or even on back to NAREIT. Listen, we are a large - the largest global player in the space here and we are taking a strategic change to how we're funding the business was one of my three top priorities. And what we're not going to do is tie ourselves to a partner for all time and reduce our flexibility. But we're going to be looking at targeted large-scale projects. These are projects that are supporting will support customers, we believe in their growth campuses multiple megawatts. So not non-core at all like things that we would invest 100% if we weren't looking to change our funding strategy to drive more bottom line growth. And I think you can think the concentration of those type of projects to-date are mostly in North America and Europe. Given our business is already in a shared in a venture in Latin America and was a little bit smaller in APAC. And I think it's going to be very targeted trying to find the right capital source that is like-minded in terms of their vision for the asset class and looking for a partner that wants to really invest alongside we think is the best-in-class in this industry.
Andrew Power: Hi, thanks Ari. So I don't - I think consistent with what I just shared reiterated on this call, we believe that this opportunity when it comes to our space, digital transformation, cloud computing, hybrid IT and now the advent of artificial intelligence really coming to fruition is so large, long-term, capital-intensive that really tapping into both private and public capital in different measures is the right way to maximize value for our shareholders. And we are certainly experiencing an inflection in our operating fundamentals that has built upon good results throughout the year. We've been doing a tremendous amount of deleveraging this year. We'll be, call it, rounding third base on the deleveraging next year, getting back to the targets Matt's laid out. And we also have headwinds when it comes to, call it, some - a modest amount of debt coming due in terms of refinancing. But we view that the development joint venture remains to be the right move to drive more to the bottom line. And again, as I said in a question or two ago, we are not tying ourselves to this strategy and partner for all time, right? This has allowed us to accelerate those earnings and then have be able to throttle the levers here as to how much we share in terms of development joint ventures with partners down the road.
Andrew Power: Hi. Thanks, Nick. So, I could tell you just yesterday, my team and I were on a called recurring check in with one of our top cloud customers. And that dialogue was multifaceted. It was obviously concentrated on how we can support their growth in their availability zones, how we can commence faster. There's operational elements, it ranges across all the theaters and it also had how we can drive greater consumption to their cloud. And their services from our 5,000 existing customers from the 100 plus we added this quarter and the next quarter, how we're integrating them onto our service fabric natively. And so, I think we are - and I think you're seeing those results paying dividends in that customer appreciation. And you're seeing that in the litany of, call it, magnetic destinations, be it the on-ramps we announced around the world as well as the pickup in the demand that we characterize as less than megawatt interconnection accelerating. So, I do see a connection there. I think we've delivered a tremendous amount of value to our customers, improving their top line and their bottom lines in a safe, secure fashion. And when obviously, I think some of your question was dovetailed also to some of the larger customers, I think that we're just being transparent and honest with these customers that we're really trying to build a durable business to stand the test of time. And that doesn't mean we try to win 100% of a hyperscales market share, but if we're in 50 metropolitan areas, there's probably 25 or 30 where we have something that they really need, and we can really help them like no other. And that's through our supply chain, our large campuses that future-proof their growth, operational excellence and other value adds and just being a one-stop shop for all their needs. So, I think that's a long, long-winded answer to yes.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Michael. So I think, I'd point you to our development schedule, which has now been in the double-digits category across the board for the whole portfolio, including an increase in, call it, 65 megawatts quarter-over-quarter. North America, where, I would say, is the current home to the largest deals is in double-digit by itself and has moved up dramatically. I don't - when we look at the risk award, there's obviously episodic scenarios where returns for big deals with hyperscalers couldn't go higher. But I think that the - once you kind of ascend into the double-digits, given the current state of, call it, cost of capital in general, I think you're in the proverbial end zone in terms of creating value on many ways. So I wouldn't bank on incremental stair stiffs of shifts beyond that. But I think, we're in a time in the world where the demand remains robust and diverse, outpacing supply. That dynamic does not feel to be abating. And I think we've got a great hand to support tremendous customers' growth around the globe and create a lot of value for a lot of stakeholders.
Andrew Power: Thank you, Andrea. Digital Realty had a strong third quarter. Our results demonstrate that our value proposition is resonating with our customers. We posted another quarter of strengthening organic operating results with record 0-1 megawatt bookings, strong re-leasing spreads and our best same-capital cash and ROI growth in over a decade. During the first nine months of the year, we've raised over $3.5 billion of new capital, enabling us to meaningfully delever while reinvesting to support our customers' growing needs, and we are not done yet. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today and express my personal gratitude to our dedicated and exceptional team at Digital Realty to keep the digital world spinning. We look forward to updating you on our progress and meeting with many of you at NAREIT in L.A. in a few weeks. Thank you.
