Michael Foust: Well, I don’t think we’ve seen anyone pull back in requirements. In fact, we are seeing the actual amount of enterprise requirements, especially in major markets like New York and London actually growing. There are large requirements in many cases. And so we see the potential – funnel of potential requirements actually as larger now than they were previously. So, – but it is saying a longer timeframe, when you are working with larger enterprises and that certainly offset by the leasing we are doing with smaller requirements, they maybe big companies and with the managed services and cloud providers, who are often times, move more quickly than some of the larger enterprises.
Michael Foust: No. On the contrary, we’re seeing more potential demand from the large enterprise users, especially looking to create more efficiencies and lower their operating costs, often times looking to get the data centers out of high-rise office buildings or suburban office locations into proper mission-critical facilities that have the power backup, mechanical system backup, and resiliency that they require and also be to allow them to be able to expand as I need to expand. So, I’d say it’s more and this is kind of real – I’m putting my finger in the air here as to timeframe, so maybe where we saw a 6 to 9-month timeframes. Those timeframes are can be 6 to 12 months working with customers. And that’s a guess, but yeah, we are seeing larger potential requirements that we are almost uniquely positioned to acquire, because we have the professional team with the engineering staff, the design staff, construction, technical operations facility staff. So, we are really well-positioned to serve these large customers.
Michael Foust: Sure. For the – regarding Solyndra, that’s a two building property, very highly improved clean room manufacturing. And so they are pretty highly improved facilities. So, we think that this is an attractive facility either sell to a user or lease to someone in Silicon Valley who can utilize this kind of space. So, we think this is a pretty valuable space and we can be positioned to lease that out at very competitive rates for the improvements. In terms of other, we have very, very few terminations. I mean, I think, we had one or two this quarter of data center tenants and those that we initiated those in order to put in longer term tenants. One was a – we have a tenant in Dallas who wasn’t fully utilizing their space, and we had no space in Dallas. And we had another, a brand new customer who wanted to lease space with us in Dallas on a ten-year basis. We were able to trade out two years remaining for a ten-year lease at significantly higher overall rents. So, I give credit to our asset management team for being really creative and being able to take advantage of – and the work to negotiate really interesting deals and allow us to add to the overall value of the portfolio, pretty significantly in that case. So, it’s not very typical that we would do that, but where we can add significant value to the asset, we’ll be creative about doing those kinds of transactions.
Michael Foust: No. No, that’s rarely the case. It’s very expensive and awkward in most cases for customers to move. The switching costs in other words are high and it’s very disruptive to operations. And also tenants have had a very good operating history with us and that five, nines of uptime represents a very high level of resiliency and security in the operation. So, we continue to have a very high level of renewals.
Michael Foust: Sure. Focusing on Sentrum, actually the operating margins are high in that portfolio. There are very efficient buildings. So, while our current NOI margin in our broader portfolio is in the mid-60s. Off the top of my head, I believe that Sentrum NOI margin is in the mid-70s I believe. But I would have to go back and get the exact number. But it’s definitely higher than in the rest of our portfolio, so definitely have a positive uptick in that regard. We are clearly expecting to achieve additional leasing especially at the Woking property, which is the largest of the three buildings and the latest one to come online were we have potentially a couple of 100,000 square feet of space that we can build out for four new users and there is definitely a funnel of customers for that space with whom we are in discussions currently. I have to go back and look at what the revenue – operating revenue was from the Sentrum, I don’t have that number at the tip of my figures.
Michael Foust: It just wasn’t, it wasn’t part of forecasting process because of when it closed, it probably will be in the next quarter.
Michael Foust: Sure. The Hong Kong, as you might guess is really one of the major financial hubs of the world and thus one of the major financial datacenter markets in the world. So, we see significant opportunity there with Savvis as our partner. So, Savvis can deliver over the managed services and cloud services out of the datacenter, which are definitely in high demand and we can also be leasing space on a more wholesale basis, if you will to the enterprise. And we’re essentially a 50-50 joint venture with them. Certainly, we welcome the opportunity to do more in the region on that basis and we think that’s going to be a really great project for us, we’re redeveloping an existing industrial building and I think we’re going to even be able to add on more power capacity by adding another load to the building, which is a real track of value add opportunity for us that our team is able to put together and working to finalize the entitlements of permit on that. Overall, we’re not giving out the amounts of budgets on this project specifically it is a bit proprietary at this point and also the fact that we are in a joint venture with Savvis. We want to be a cognizant of their sensitivities around disclosing information from the joint venture. So, at some point we will provide more details on this project as we’re about to bring forward the first part for lease.
Michael Foust: Cost maybe a little bit less in Hong Kong on the actual construction. Land is always a challenge – we’re on long-term ground lease, but we may be a little more efficient on development costs than in Singapore.
Michael Foust: Yeah, we’re actually a little bit ahead of our original pro forma timelines. We’re about 65% leased on the data center, the Jurong township data center. And really good – really good funnel of prospective tenants there and as it my guess, similar to the tenants that we’ve already signed up and it’s a nice mixture of international financial institutions as well as the international managed services and some network providers as well. So, we are very bullish on the Singapore market. I think between Singapore some of new leasing prospects in both, Sydney and Melbourne, Hong Kong, Asia-Pac, is going to be a really exciting region for us and we’ll have a good material addition to our growth in the coming years.
Michael Foust: I think it’s important note, the amount of increase year-over-year has been pretty steady and so the revenue growth and earnings growth continues to be good and it might be delay and it might be our people fully taking account the additional shares and the timing of that.
Michael Foust: Sure. Well, in Europe we always focused on these major markets, where we see a lot of enterprise activity and activity from the IT services world. Certainly in our minds, right now, London and Amsterdam, and to some extent, Dublin, because of all the international companies, many U.S. companies in Dublin are interesting places for data center. Certainly, London being the largest potential market, Amsterdam next, Dublin after that of markets that we are in, where we see potential for growth. Paris, I think will be a good market. We are taking it more slowly. We are almost – we are virtually fully let in Paris. We’re going to take a little bit slower tact on that market to see how things progress economically over the second half of the year, but Paris is a nice market, because there is a lot corporate entities, including financials, but not necessarily financials that make up the typical marketplace there. One market that we are not in, that we would like to be in would be Frankfurt. And that common theme of very important financial center, where we are seeing demand for data centers, especially as the financial institutions are consolidating out of office buildings, out of older facilities that they are not capable of expanding, and so Frankfurt would be a very interesting market that we are not in that we would like to be in Europe. Asia-Pac, like most markets, it’s, from a competitive perspective, it’s very fragmented. You don’t have, while these are mature economic markets, they are not mature from a data center perspective, so I think we have a good early mover advantage in these markets, especially being positioned as we are to be able to finance and execute instantly on these very large projects without having to look for secured debt, and that puts us in a competitive advantage, especially vis-à-vis you’re more kind of private developer type competitors that pop-up market-by-markets. So, we think we’re in a very good position both from spec leasing perspective with spec projects as well as very well-positioned for potential build-to-suit opportunities with some of these larger institutions.
Michael Foust: Sure. San Francisco is the very important market for us. Dallas is growing. St Louis, I think as a regional market, we are going to see a lot of traction there. In Boston and New York Metro, those would be the most active markets where we are in. As a reminder, we are doing colo in existing buildings of ours that are network-rich buildings, usually the internet gateways, like in Dallas, 2323 Bryan, where we have space and power capacity and network capacity.
Michael Foust: Yeah. I mean – and this is a very rough qualitative comment. We are seeing 1 to 2 megawatts to start is pretty typical. That might be 10,000 to 20,000 feet maybe a little larger on a rentable square foot basis, but boy, it can run the gamut of 5,000 feet to 30, 40, 50. But I would say if there was kind of a median probably around that 1 to 2 megawatts.
Michael Foust: No. I think it’s just kind of the way the construction projects, development projects have been commenced and scheduled. I don’t think it’s not tied directly to leasing.
Michael Foust: Well, in many cases, we are developing product, so we have product to lease and for revenues next year is a lot of what we are up to.
Michael Foust: I think it’s a latter. I think it’s more general with large enterprises. There is a lot of different constituents, because it’s not just the rent, it’s not just the lease, it’s the IT applications, their design, network, you’ve got budgets coming from different departments often times into these projects and because of the high ticket, especially after the recession, capital expenditures and operating expenditures are being scrutinized at higher and highest levels of organizations these days. So, even if the budget is already in place, there is often times additional approvals, in many times at the board level, even with those large, very large organizations, because these are so impactful and they are such important strategic decisions that there is often times a lot of different departments working on these and that’s where it comes into play. The fact that we have a dedicated leasing team that’s focused on working with the enterprises, working with the IT departments, and the treasury CFO office that puts us in such a good position to win these types of large important deals, because we have made the big investment and we have made the big investment on our engineering and design teams, because this is very much a solution sale, consultative sale. So, our investment in our professional staff and infrastructure positions us really well to meet this – what we see as a growing funnel of potential demand from the enterprises and especially its financial institutions.
Bill Stein: That wouldn’t have been affected by the Solyndra lease termination. I think there might have been one or two deals in the quarter that had some free rent that affected the free rent in the quarter.
Bill Stein: Jamie, just to be clear to, the facility in the East Bay and Fremont that we leased to Solyndra is not a data center. It was a not data center. It was owned by GI Partners prior the IPO. So, it’s a legacy property. And I think at this point most it’s likely to be disposed.
Bill Stein: We upsize the equity offering from $600 million to $800 million so, the $0.08 reflects the additional $200 million of equity that was raised so, they will probably be another – probably $0.10 of accretion if we had issued just a $600 million worth of equity.
Bill Stein: That the line of credit. That’s fine, I think as a practical matter sometime in the fourth quarter probably mid-quarter we will be going to market in the sterling bond market to hopefully issue 10-year debt and I think the rates will be same it was at least that’s what they look like today.
Bill Stein: There are a couple of acquisitions that I guess it’s fair to say under our LOI. So, we would hope that they would close and I think there are roughly a $100 million maybe a little more than $100 million and the CapEx I think.
Bill Stein: Off the line initially, I mean that the debt to EBITDA as I said – is in pretty good shape, so, I don’t see any additional equity this year unless we do another large portfolio acquisition. So, it would be off the line and then a combination of various fixed income instrument, so sterling bonds potentially U.S. bonds as we have enough balance on the revolver. And the preferred stock market continues to look attractive as well, the rates on the preferred stock.
Bill Stein: Well, firstly all of that it is in the second quarter or second half, I'm sorry not the first half. There was one deal in the first half that delayed, that actually we thought was going to commence last year, and that was with a large bank, much like your own, but not yours. I would say virtually all of it is second half.
Bill Stein: I don’t have that handy in terms of when in the quarter and I can’t really tell you what the specific delay is for these commenced leases, but this was bottoms up approach.
