Matt Miszewski: Thanks, Jordan. This is Matt. Yeah, I think Bill nailed it in his opening remarks and good focus on the hyperscale activity, because those requirements really sort of form the foundation of what the demand was in Q4 and is and will be as we move forward in 2016. We see that demand as well as our regular demand accelerating, but we do have to keep an eye on the hyperscale requirements and the lumpy nature of those requirements. We saw $36 million of revenue as a healthy pace for space and power in Q4. When you throw in connectivity that gets up to about $43 million in the quarter. And I think all of that is still a reflection of our desire to remain disciplined not just in challenging times, but to remain disciplined in good times as well. It's important to remember that we're seeing successfully signed deals at attractive cash returns. And as Andy mentioned in his remarks, we were happy to land one of those very large cloud deals at a 15-year term in Q4, and we expect to see that continue in the first quarter.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah. Hey, Colby. It's Matt. And just to pile on a little bit to that answer. It's really quite the opposite, in fact, in some of the names that you mentioned, we saw upticks not just in last year's leasing, but also in the pipeline moving forward to 2016. Important to remember that these customers, especially the customers that you mentioned that are on our top 20 list, these folks are flexing into new opportunities, moving from a capital-heavy to a capital-light perspective, and flexing towards focusing on their core objectives. And the great part for us is that, we've got long-term leases in place with these particular customers, but we also have incredible relationships, and we've developed strong partnerships over all of 2014 and 2015, so that we know exactly what direction they're moving in and how they can use our facilities to benefit from that.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah. So, hey, Manny it's Matt. I would still expect that the normalization will come out at that six month level. Remember the impact that Telx hit inside the quarter and that certainly had an impact on the 4.5 months
Matt Miszewski: And keep in mind, Manny, that when you say, the question about whether Telx will normalize to 4.5 months across the entire year in 2016. There is also these hyperscale environments that may extend that period a little bit. So, we do still feel that six months is the accurate timeframe.
Matt Miszewski: And just adding to that, Richard, I'd like to answer your question, so we're all going to jump in. In terms of timing, in particular, the revenue optimization procedure that Jarrett just described, we're expecting that to start to take effect at the end of 2016 into 2017.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah. I'll be happy to answer that, Matthew. So, in the two agreements that you mentioned, the AT&T agreement, the IBM agreement. The AT&T agreement contains two main components and one of them is fairly far along; that's the reseller portion of that agreement. That has been significant and we've actually done joint trainings with our sales forces at our sales kickoffs and through – on multiple continents. And so, the progress being made on the AT&T side is fantastic. And the progress on the IBM side is incredibly promising. We have a unique situation with IBM where we happen to have the core compute nodes located on our campuses. We happen to have colocation space and colocation experts in Telx right next to those core compute nodes. And we have the magic of Telx's interconnection as well as a number of products that are in the funnel to bring to market in the future to provide our customers with the ability to securely and privately connect at lower than 1.5 milliseconds, which is incredibly important for them, and we think that we are one if not the only folks who can provide that environment for our customers. One small thing to clear up, NetBond is the second part of the AT&T agreement that we have; we don't manage NetBond as part of that process, but we do have a partnership with them, so that they can land NetBond assets on our connected campuses.
Jarrett Appleby: Hey, Jordan. It's Jarrett. We are tracking our cross-connect growth consistent with the colocation pull-through. As Matt indicated, that incremental interconnection business, the connectivity, we gave you some guidance on what that incremental $8 million was that contributed to the sales. And we're continuing to evaluate and roll out more details on the interconnection business. But, as Bill mentioned in his opening comments, we're very excited because it's very complementary, it's a great add-on and it's fundamental to the connected campus to drive those connectivity solutions.
Jarrett Appleby: And Colby, one final point from a legal standpoint, many of these leases require our consent in order to be signed.
Jarrett Appleby: And just to add on that, couple of things. We're now in a position to leverage the Telx product capability, on the Digital side, to monetize that at a higher level than we've done in the past. And we're now mining the data to who's connected to whom really to leverage the interconnection business and start scaling that and that will take a little bit of time, but it's definitely the SMACC focus that we're taking and the networking and the cloud providers are definitely interconnection-rich, as you see in the industry.
Jarrett Appleby: Sure. We're not giving guidance on the churn, but I'd say we're pretty much assuming in our projections that it was in line with historical averages. I don't want to give you all percentage, (47:11) but I thought it was like 0.6%, so relatively low. And then on your second question, I don't know if Matt, you would...
Andrew Power: Hey, Matt. This is Andy. So, I mean that the signings number, obviously, as you know, don't all come in the first day and kind of roll into the next period. So, it's not a direct correlation. I think we feel good on the guidance or the numbers that we laid out for Telx from a revenue and an EBITDA perspective, and it's going to be a combination of leasing up some of the unutilized space and selling incremental cross-connects and getting flow through on the revenue contribution.
Andrew Power: Yeah. So, colo, space and power could be a month to two months for deployment; interconnection would be overnight.
Andrew Power: Sure, Vin. You were correct in your first statement, so, of the $1.5 billion, $550 million was done in the first week or second week of the year, when we closed our bank facility, and that was incremental five-year and seven-year term loan. The next leg of it, or just under $1 billion, could be a potential $500 million Euro bond. This would be – we've been to the Sterling bond market now twice and obviously, been to the U.S. dollar bond market many, many times. This will be our first entry to the Euro bond market, it really aligns well with our investments on the continent over there. We've done some pre-work in terms of meeting with different folks over there and fixed-income investors. It's really opportunistic, so as you can see from our debt maturity schedule, it's really would be capital that would term out a portion of our revolver balance, that's pretty far out there in general. So, we're kind of playing it day by day and we want to make sure there is a stable and receptive market to go to, so you'll probably see us re-engage and looking at that even harder in the coming months.
Andrew Power: So, Telx, Manny, has a shorter time to commencement, that goes back to, maybe I think it was Matt's question, as he asked about. I said one month to two months from when they signed to take the space.
Andrew Power: Hey, Jordan, just to add one thing. Going back to, I think your first question, I don't think we hit the nail on the head for what you were looking for. The cross-connects at Telx were over 55,000 just by itself, so Digital contributes about 5,000 to get over 60,000 combined. And on a year-over-year basis, that was about 7% growth in cross-connects on Telx standalone.
Andrew Power: So, I just quoted you growth on actual cross-connects about 7%, I believe, the year-over-year rate growth is kind of closer to 8%, so it's combined pretty strong growth. I'm not sure, it's going ramp above that combined rate growth volume kind of in the mid to the high-teens, so I'm not sure that I can – I have a good read on the quarterly guidance, but we do see strong growth in terms of volume growth in the 7% range and rate growth are in the 8% range.
Andrew Power: Hey, Jonathan, on the JV front, really not much for me to report there; we have several great partners from different types of capital sources. There is no real activity underway there.
Andrew Power: I mean really the outperformance was just based on our internal estimates that kind of drove our underlying guidance. I'm not sure there's a one decisive thing that kind of calls out over any of the others, and I'm not sure all (51:42) that can be normalized into the go-forward projections either. It was a handful of things that kind of – going into a quarter where we acquired a company, went through integration, we definitely didn't think we'd come up light on the G&A front with overlapping teams in the midst of reorganizations, but we did it a little bit better than expected.
Andrew Power: I think, basically we're looking at the occupancy going into the year, Ross, and seeing we have some renewals, we have some space that we've been seeing from coming back to us in the form of some PBB space, that was either dark space as a consequence of a former telco merger, there are some silver linings in that, because we're seeing some of our cloud service providers really engaging around taking that space. And we are just being conservative on our occupancy forecast throughout the year.
William Stein: Well, I'll take the second one first. I mean, I think we thought that the signings from a scale and a colo and interconnection point of view was pretty good performance, and we see that run rate kind of continuing throughout the year, maybe a little bit of increase, as it relates to the colo and the interconnection piece. And then going back to your first question and I'll let others on the team jump in. I mean, holistically, the best way is obviously to mitigate this are through diversification of your customers, your locations, your leases, maturities. We're always in constant dialog with our customers, making sure we understand their business and where it's going and trying to help them with their space needs. I don't think there is anything on the horizon right now, either with a Rackspace, AT&T or a CenturyLink, where they're actually looking to contract from our specific footprints. I think some of the noise you're seeing in the market or on the news rags is more about folks, who some of them, excluding probably Rackspace, focusing on their core businesses and selling non-core businesses.
William Stein: So, we're quite fortunate that Scott and his team got going on this and worked diligently, really ahead of the game here. So, as you notice, we sold one property before the end of the year; we sold another one just beginning of the year. And in this portfolio, that you mentioned, is under contract without a financing contingency. So, I think, we got ahead of some of the supply coming to the market, in terms of data center assets. And I think we've got a good buyer for these assets and realistically, I think that, that would be roughly 75% of our – the $200 million or so in our guidance. So, we're pretty much through with the bulk of our DSBOs.
William Stein: On the large, hyperscale cloud deals that we've signed to-date, including the one, in the last quarter. They were, well, within our 10% to 12% range. Now, they're obviously closer to the lower end of that range, but they still kind of met our overall hurdles.
William Stein: Yeah. Jordan, thanks for jumping back into the queue. We like the position that we have in New Jersey. There is an interesting transition happening that continues to have the growth that we have in the financial services, which – what we established ourselves in the New Jersey. But with the addition of Telx, in particular, our focus on content and cloud in that particular market is starting to add to the pipeline in a way that we hadn't seen before. So, I'm hoping that the pipeline is developing right now, will allow us to get to that good balance between supply and demand in New Jersey.
William Stein: Yeah. So, to go through strength of the markets. And as you know, Jordan, I look at that from a forward-looking pipeline perspective. We continue to see strength in Northern Virginia, incredible strength in Chicago, especially over the past few quarters. And in Dallas, continued support in Singapore, especially with Sing 11 (42:40), the new property coming online and maybe partially due to China demand moving over from the Mainland into the rest of Asia-Pacific. And then some continued strength coming out of London in the social, mobile, analytics, cloud and content markets. We do have a significant amount of those market ready, but more importantly, shell available inside New Jersey; and as I said, I'm looking that as an opportunity for us. And then we've identified a number of strategic assets where we've had opportunities to lease in the past and we've increased our marketing focus on those markets, so I'm hoping that our increased marketing focus will have a very positive effect, not just in those particularly strategic assets, but in our cash position as well.
William Stein: Hey, Jordan, adding to the list of weak markets or weaker markets, you could probably put Houston on that list. And I think Phoenix is on the bubble.
William Stein: Hey, Jonathan, thanks for getting back on the call. We certainly don't like to pick amongst the non-SMACC verticals, because we're very big fans of the SMACC verticals. But in particular, financial services for us, and to go one click deeper, financial technology, we think is one of the places that holds a lot of promise, not just for large scale deployments on our scale team, but colocation requirements on our colocation team and then multiple points of connectivity. It's actually probably one of the best cases you can think about, where these fintech companies have to connect to other providers, have to connect to other institutions and have to connect to consumers, so fintech within finserv is one of the exciting places that we found. The Internet enterprises is another one of the verticals that we really like to have a focus on, not just because of our historical performance in those particular verticals, but because of the necessary growth that's coming out of some of the activities. So, some of the both – the M&A activity that we see happening here as well as some of the divestitures creates for us an incredible opportunity. When one of our great customers decides to split into two large companies, sometimes we get double the opportunity. And I know I wasn't supposed to talk about anything inside SMACC, but we think the mobile vertical for us is one that's incredibly ready for us to continue to exploit, and with the expertise of Telx now on-board, we're well situated to be able to do that.
William Stein: Okay. Just let me go back to your first question. Because I think, I might have missed a piece of it. Just to make sure, we're all on the same page, the decrease in the total portfolio's occupancy by a 140 bps or so, as of this quarter, that was due to look through on Telx. So, 11 or 12 locations were 100% occupied at 3Q 2015, and when then, we bought their business and they were not 100% utilized within their four-walls, that was a step down there. So, I just want to make sure, we didn't miss-communicate on that front. Going back to cost of capital, the base plan, which we put out on our guidance, roughly seven weeks ago had sourcing usage plan that was funded through retained cash flow, a little bit from DSBO proceeds and CapEx below our 5.5 times debt-to-EBITDA; while at the same time, funding a pretty large investment in our development pipeline, that's the base case plan, it doesn't require equity. I think you could expect us to follow our past track record, if an opportunistic investment came about, whether it's some large scale increase in our development from landing a hyperscale deal or some M&A or other acquisition, we look to go the capital markets to keep our levered stats in line and equity is – time again been a part of that.
William Stein: Hey, Colby. It's Bill. So, I think – and Andy said this in his remarks, but we think we've made really good progress there, on the Telx integration, we've obviously retained the talent that we thought was critical to retain. We have over $15 million of synergies there, coming into this year, which is great and we've established a joint go-to-market plan, and we've moved inventory from various Digital locations to Telx, both 365 Main, we're going to do that at 111 8th. And we've approved in our investment committee, the Telx side of Ashburn campus. So, all that's great. We're laying revenue synergies groundwork here for 2016, and we expect to realize that in 2017 and beyond. I mean, I think what should be clear to you is, this is really a continuum. There is no clear point in time when you can say, hey, green light, we're ready. We make progress every day. We actually has a leadership team, we review that progress once a week on Monday, and there is work to be done. But at the same time, we're open to look at other investment opportunities, other M&A opportunities and the criteria is what we've said from the very beginning, getting back to Ross's question, we wanted to be strategic and we wanted to be accretive. And of course, we'll finance it in a prudent manner, keeping the leverage neutral.
William Stein: Thank you, Denise. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our fourth quarter highlights as outlined here on page 18 of the deck. First and foremost, we closed on the acquisition of Telx and what was truly a transformational transaction for our company. Telx checked all the boxes for us. It was highly strategic and extremely complementary to our existing platform. It was accretive to FFO and AFFO per share in year one and it was prudently financed. We reported fourth quarter results that were well ahead of the high end of our guidance range. The quality of our earnings is improving with the burn-off of straight-line rent and the contribution from Telx. Growth and cash flow is accelerating and we are poised to deliver double-digit growth and AFFO per share. We also took deliberate steps to secure our supply chain with the acquisition of a highly desirable land parcel in Ashburn. We also entered the Frankfurt market, a longstanding target. Last, but not least, we also raised the dividend for the 11th consecutive year. We've grown the dividend each and every year since our IPO in 2004 and we remained committed to delivering superior risk adjusted total returns to our shareholders. Finally, I'd like to say thank you to the entire Digital Realty team, whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. That concludes our fourth quarter call. Thank you for joining us. And we look forward to seeing many of you in Florida over the next several weeks.
