Matt Miszewski: Thank you, Scott. As shown on page 14, we signed new leases representing a little over $37 million of annualized GAAP rent during the second quarter. Social, mobile, analytics, cloud and content accounted for over 80% of our second quarter lease signings. Existing customers represented just over 90% of our second quarter leasing activity, and we added 16 new logos in the quarter, bringing the full-year total to 35. Our colocation segment contributed $3.7 million or 10% of our second quarter leasing activity. This was at the low end of the segment's recent quarterly run rate, largely reflecting the success we have had supporting the growth of existing colocation customers and some larger footprint requirements of greater than 300 kilowatts. You may recall that earlier this year, we revised our definition of colocation to less than 300 kilowatts, to better align our sales force with our customers. We haven't traditionally called out colocation re-leasing spreads in our earnings, but it is worth noting that the mark-to-market on colo renewal leases was up 10% on a cash basis during the quarter, and re-leasing spreads were positive on over 90% of the colocation deals we executed during the second quarter. We commenced leases totaling $65 million of annualized GAAP rent during the second quarter, a record high for lease commencements. The backlog came down by roughly $30 million as a result from $104 million last quarter to $73 million currently, which you can see reflected in the chart on the top half of page 15. The weighted average lag between signings and commencements also reached a record during the second quarter at 2.5 months, as shown in the chart on the bottom half of the page. Turning to page 16, cash re-leasing spreads were positive on Turn-Key as well as Powered Base Building renewals during the second quarter. We still have a few above-market leases scattered throughout the portfolio, but the overall mark-to-market continues to steadily improve as market rents are on the upswing and we are gradually cycling through peak vintage lease expirations. We leased a total of 21 megawatts during the second quarter, more than offsetting deliveries and explorations and generating 3 megawatts of positive net absorption within the finished inventory pool. As Bill mentioned and as you can see from the chart on page 17, the finished inventory balance is down by nearly half since our last Investor Day in November 2013. We remain keenly focused on maximizing the utilization of our existing asset base, but we are also taking steps to be in position to support our customers' future growth requirements, particularly on campus environments in core markets. In addition to our land bank, our investment in shelf space enables us to move quickly in response to demand and meet our customers' needs. Turning now to supply on Page 18, the positive net absorption we have registered in our own portfolio has been mirrored in most major markets. As you can see, Houston is the only major market that registered any meaningful uptick in new supply over the last 90 days. As you may recall, we have limited exposure to Houston at less than 2% of total NOI. In contrast, Dallas and Phoenix, where we do have a more meaningful presence, both tightened noticeably during the second quarter. Face rates have yet to register significant improvement, but the supply situation remains rational in virtually all major markets. Data center demand remains robust, concession packages are firming and net effective leasing economics are continuing to trend in the landlord's direction. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Andy Power to take you through our financial results.
Matt Miszewski: So, thanks Jonathan for the question. In terms of supply and demand dynamics in Europe and APAC, we're looking at supply and demand dynamics that are roughly equivalent to the report out that we gave last quarter in terms of the supply. The supply characteristics in London remain in balance for us. And we feel that we've got sufficient supply for us to hit the demand on both our Crawley campus in terms of land bank that we've got, as well as shell that we've got available to us in our Woking campus, as well. We continue to have significant supply available to us in land bank in Amsterdam in Europe. And in Asia-Pacific, as Scott mentioned, we recently closed on an acquisition in Asia-Pacific in Singapore, so we continue to have a considerable amount of supply to hit the needs for the demand in that region, as well.
Matt Miszewski: Yes, Jonathan, this is Matt. In terms of development pipeline that we've got, you'll notice that we've got about 80% pre-leased in terms of developments that are happening, and we've experienced a great amount of participation in terms of reacting to demand with our just-in-time development. So we think that's working well in our favor.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah, Jonathan, this is Matt. Thanks so much for the question. And my team in particular looks at moving amongst those top 20 with great interest as well. We're thrilled to have IBM at the top of the list and, in particular, with regard to the workloads that we're landing with them. I talked a little bit in my prepared statements about the continued persistence of the SMACC-oriented workloads and movement amongst the top 20 is really sort of testament to the ability of Digital's great operational team to be able to provide solutions that match the needs of those SMACC workloads. IBM is a great example of that. A good deal of those workloads happen to be soft layer-oriented public cloud. Oracle also was very happy to break itself into the top 20 this quarter with their public cloud offerings as well. And on the social side, we continued to expand our presence with LinkedIn. What's great about these particular types of clients, Jonathan, is not that we get one-time wins with them, but they have a tendency to be repeat hitters and continue to grow with us, not just in one location, but in all of our portfolio assets throughout the world. So it's a great win for Digital.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah, Jonathan. Great. It really was sort of, again, testament to the combination of these two organizations making a heck of a lot of sense. Our ability to connect the cloud workloads that we've got in terms of IC core with Telx interconnectivity is absolutely incredible. So if you look at the number, the number of customers that we'll now be able to work together with, over 1,200 customers, to take from Telx's facilities, connect them into our cloud workload, it sort of reminds folks of several of the things I've said on a number of the past earnings calls, which is the hybrid cloud environment and connecting those cloud instances with enterprises is the magic that Digital can bring. And now Digital can bring it faster and better with the combination of Telx.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah. And, Colby, just really quick on your second one and I'll turn it over to Andy, too. Recall that we raised guidance on leasing last quarter, and we feel real good about the remainder of the year.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah. Dave, so in terms – we've had a focus on reducing the gap from book-to-bill for some time. And we certainly think we've gotten to a sweet spot. I think that the 2.5-months gap is a little bit of a mix of customers in this particular quarter. I wouldn't suggest that the 2.5 months will stay that way ongoing, but we should be in a sweet spot in that 2.5-month to three-month range.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah. Vin, we've had a great relationship, as you know, with Telx as one of our major customers and with the leadership over there being so ingrained with ours over here, we had a great relationship in the past and we look forward to continuing that relationship a little more directly in the future.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah. And Jordan, we see our customers coming to us with a multiplicity of demands and now we're able to hit them together. So, I know it's been said before in M&A transactions, but combination of Telx and Digital is better together. We think that the value we are able to hit as one organization will increase the value to our customers and that we'll capture that value here at Digital.
Matt Miszewski: Yes. So Jon, we had had some conversations with Google when they had an interest in expanding their presence inside Manhattan. They've done that in an alternative way, so they may be a little bit more open to the conversation than they were, say, a year and a half ago.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah, happy to answer both of those, Stephen, and if Jarrett's got some extra color, he'd be happy to add that as well. Interesting, inside the sales force at Telx, while they've been primarily a domestic organization right now, they do have an awful lot of sellers with international experience. So, we're excited about that because our intention is to take the incredible assets that Telx has and expand them, expand them internationally. And so, it's good to have some more talent. The second thing is that their vertically oriented sales force is not a regionally – only a regionally experienced sales force, so we'll be able to take that vertical experience and apply it across multiple regions both in North America as well as worldwide. Customer reaction has been fantastic. And in fact we're trying hard to keep everyone calm as we're getting towards the actual closing of the deal because people are interested in having lots and lots of conversations that we're not having until the deal closes, but I can tell you that the customer response has been fantastic.
William Stein: Well, I think we're actually in the low 9%s with that. We were at 8% and I think we're now at – if my math is right in my head, about 9.2% – 9.5%. John's giving me the 9.5% sign here.
William Stein: Pushing 10%. That's right. And obviously, we think that the Telx deal will be [audio skip] (33:31) for the long haul.
William Stein: Well, that was obviously all part of the underwriting process. One of the things we looked at was the churn that Telx had. And it was – their customers are incredibly sticky at roughly 0.6%. And the average life of their customers is over nine years. So, while the contract duration is short compared to ours, their customers do stay with them, and that was an important piece of our underwriting in terms of looking at potential downside. We've also – I mean, Matt mentioned that the re-leasing spreads on our colo business were up 10% this last quarter, and that gives us some encouragement as well in terms of how to underwrite the rents on this business. We'd underwrite them as up 10%, I think we underwrote them – I'm looking at Scott here, probably flat. But – he's nodding. But the point is, we're seeing a lot of demand in the colo business and pressure on rents.
William Stein: Thanks, Denise. I'd like to wrap up our prepared remarks by recapping our second quarter 2015 highlights, as highlighted on page 23 of the deck. First and foremost, we picked up another 20 basis points of sequential improvement in our return on invested capital, following the 100 basis points we've delivered over the past five quarters. We tightened the commencement lag from 3.7 months in the first quarter to an exceptional two and a half months. The balance sheet remains positioned for growth with debt-to-EBITDA at five times. We beat the second quarter consensus estimates by $0.05, and we raised 2015 core FFO per share guidance from $5.03 to $5.13 range to $5.05 to $5.15. Finally, we made the exciting announcement entering into an agreement to acquire Telx, a leading provider of colocation, interconnection and cloud-enabling services. In short, we continue to consistently execute on our top priorities that we set forth early last year and have since updated as the way forward for our company in 2015. We believe we have a unique and competitive footprint that can be leveraged further to the benefit of our shareholders. I would like to thank the incredibly talented team of Digital Realty employees around the world who were responsible for delivering yet another solid quarter. Once again, I'd like to remind all of you to mark October 6 on your calendars for our upcoming Investor Day. Thank you all for taking the time to participate in today's call. That concludes our second quarter 2015 earnings call. Thank you for joining us.
Scott Peterson: And then on the CapEx side, Jonathan, yeah, that consists of cabinets, cages, installation expenses and commissions (36:08) those sorts of things.
Scott Peterson: And just a bit on two concrete examples of that. If you take their network strength, Jonathan, in markets like Ashburn and Dallas, where we traditionally have folks connecting through other locations into our sites, we're going to go directly and offer that product directly into our sites into the cloud compute engines. So you get the power of what we have in power and compute engines directly connecting into our sites.
Scott Peterson: Colby, I'll take the first one on global expansion. We are looking to expand globally really in early 2016. Some of the markets that we outlined there as Phase I, London and Singapore and Dublin, are low-hanging fruit for us. And we're doing development projects in other markets. In every single data center campus now, we're building our colocation and interconnection capabilities. So you'll see that expansion start in 2016.
Scott Peterson: And I think I would add to that, at a 68.5% utilization rate, all we have to do to protect the downside is maintain that. We have an awful lot of potential growth if we just fill up the space that's already built and available.
Scott Peterson: No, nothing changed. It was in the heat of pulling everything together quickly, there was an error in the sheet, and so it was just – it was a mistake in the numbers.
Scott Peterson: Well, first, in terms of commitment, we are really focused on serving many of the same clients. We're very focused on the service provider community and strategic channel partners. What we didn't want to do is pivot our company in a heavy enterprise direct focus. So, we've aligned with Matt and the Telx team on really selling through and supporting their strategic channel partnerships. Colocation is very complementary to support the ecosystem, and folks need smaller footprint, so we needed the product and service capability there. But you won't see us getting in the line of business like others, moving into the managed service phase and competing with our customers.
Scott Peterson: So, I think the pace has been on target. It's been a little slower in some areas because we've pursued some value-add opportunities on a number of these projects, which are now coming to fruition; we've seen a lot of benefit on that. The Kato Road building that we leased up 100% is a good example of that. And the lease extension that we just signed for the single-tenant office building is another great example of that. So, it's taken a little longer, but I think the benefit to our shareholders has been very significant. I think what you'll probably see is that the remainder of the assets will largely be executed by the end of the year from the sales perspective.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. We didn't really look at it. I mean, we do look at it on an asset-by-asset basis, but we don't really do a full valuation on an asset-by-asset basis. We do projections, rollups for every asset in terms of generating our revenue and EBITDA projects. But we didn't really do a full analysis on each one. I will tell you on Marietta, though, we did spend a little time thinking of what the potential value of that asset might be. And you can get a very interesting array of outcomes on that, and some of which are quite impressive, to be honest with you. And hey, Jon, by the way, I want to get back to you on the 111 8th Avenue lease for Telx. It has an expiration date of 2022 with two five-year renewal options on it. So that takes you out to 2032 there.
Andrew Power: Hey John, this is Andy Power. I can speak to that a little bit. I don't think this was anything about saving capital. We kind of looked at funding the Telx acquisition on to itself and have laid out now the equity done and we'll look to go do preferred and bonds in the latter half of the year. Sitting on the Investment Committee over the last three months as a new participant, I think it's just been very focused on getting the timing of our investment as lined up as close to our – where we see demand. I don't think there was a purpose kind of preservation or capital there.
Andrew Power: So, first of all, a great question. First of all, we're treating it as a line of business, both as an asset or a campus, tethered into our campuses, taking their interconnection hub and connecting it to our data center campuses. And because of the prior relationship as they were a client of ours, we have that already set up in most of the markets out there. So our first stage is connecting that. The second is we've looked at the assets as a combined entity, as a line of business for the product. So for colocation and interconnection products, we want to integrate that, all our legacy colocation properties into the portfolio and productize it. And then we're going to leverage the product expertise they have in colocation and go to market around that and the interconnection and networking services. So the first step is give them basically our capability, integrate it, and then we want to launch it as we were saying on a worldwide basis in the major markets where we can add colocation to their portfolio.
Andrew Power: Sure, Dave, this is Andy speaking. We feel quite comfortable now that we've got the $700 million approximately of equity off, pro forma for the Telx acquisition, which will likely close later in the year, we are below our 5.5 times target. Based on some of the things we've already said, we do think we're buying a very attractive business with some embedded growth in it. So it spurs some of the EBITDA which will bring us down, as well. But we think the balance sheet remains positioned for growth pro forma for the equity we just raised.
Andrew Power: Sure, Vin. The synergies that we've underwritten, the 1% and 3% to FFO and AFFO respectively, they include roughly $15 million of expense synergies, of which roughly $10 million flows through our P&L. The other $5 million is really the capitalized items. They do not include any revenue synergies. While we think the revenue synergies could be quite significant as we've already discussed, we have not included them in our underwriting for 2016 financial impact.
Andrew Power: Hey, Ross, this is Andy. So, Telx has roughly 49% or 47% from colocation, equal parts from interconnection. The colocation is clear good REIT income, as is the interconnection, and we already have a private letter ruling for the interconnection. There's a small percentage of income, really fees paid on the installations that represents a couple percentages of the revenue that will have housing our TRS and offset by expenses at the TRS to minimize any tax leakage.
Andrew Power: Sure. So the page in our supplemental, that far right column, that is Digital-only, it has no capital or operating assumptions related to Telx. So essentially, we decided to increase our guidance by roughly $250 million at the midpoint. That incremental debt raised will be used to repay our revolver and hence we'll have a lower revolver balance and a higher percentage of fixed rate debt by the end of the year. As it relates to Telx, separate from what's on the page, the plan is the same. We've completed the roughly $700 million of equity that will close concurrent with the closing of the acquisition. The remainder will be funded with a combination of preferred equity and investment grade bonds.
Andrew Power: I don't think we have that in the disclosure, but I believe with extensions in 111 8th Ave, it's roughly 10 years remaining.
Andrew Power: We haven't gone out and try to extend it as part of this process. We made sure we're good from an assumption basis. As we move closer to that expiration, we'll obviously have to evaluate that with Google. And I think Matt has something....
Andrew Power: Hey Manny, this is Andy. I can jump in and help on this. So, we're at 9.3% kind of our NOI, our cash NOI over our total gross investment book value, at first quarter, 9.5% second quarter, that's NOI, not EBITDA. When you look at our underwritten EBITDA, which we've kind of put out there of $148 million and you add back the G&A which you can get from looking at the pro forma that was in our filed 8-K, we see that investment closer to, I think, definitely north of where that 9.5%, so we see it slightly accretive to our existing return on investment. But, again, the other piece of it is we're not buying the stabilized portfolio as well, like when we deliver a development at 10% to 12%, and it's pretty much fully leased. We're buying a business which still have embedded growth and additional cash and upside to continue to grow that return on investment from the initial 20 assets in the portfolio.
Andrew Power: Hey, Manny, this is Andy again. I'm getting a lot of points (1:01:38) handed off to me today, maybe this is my – because this is my first call. We had some – as part of the script, we had some early commencements. I think two tenants took – we've completed space, finished all of our landlord1 work, and we handed over the space and they took over possession early.
Andrew Power: Sure. This is Andy. So, I think the best place to start -- you can look at our pro forma that has the incremental EBITDA or you can take the core EBITDA from the 8-K and divide it by the revenue start. Obviously, on paper, the margin is going to look better because part of leases associated with their space to us get eliminated upon the transaction closing. I think we have to think about increments to it. First piece is the underwriting expense synergies, $10 million of the $15 million will flow through the P&L, so that will obviously be incremental margin enhancement off the bat. We're underwriting to deliver those for a full-year 2016 impact, so we'll work through our execution on achieving that through the end of the year and have that in place for a full year by – come December. And then on top of that, I think that there will be pretty high flow-through revenue contribution as we lease up what we see as an underutilized portfolio that has a significant amount of recently delivered space, and also as we kind of put to work some of Digital's talented team assisting on some of the West Coast assets as well. I don't have a number for you right there because we really – we haven't, in our underwriting, put a firm revenue synergy, but I think that will have a contribution to the margin as well.
