Mike Foust: Well, we kind of tend to look across the Turn-Key Flex and the powered base buildings. And the powered base building renewals tend to -- and I think as we mentioned as, we talk about renewal activities those generally are up probably around 10% on a GAAP basis and 3% or 4% on a cash basis. Generally, when I think on the Turn-Key Flex, our experience has been those increase on a GAAP basis a little over 5% and last quarter they were down 6%. But I think we are generally seeing that they’d be down on a first-year cash basis on average more like 3% going forward on the Turn-Key Flex. So overall we are looking at projecting somewhere in kind of the high single-digits to 10% on a GAAP basis going forward and on that first year and on the first year of cash, about 3% overall.
Mike Foust: Sure. I think probably, I don’t know $5 million or $6 million of revenue was items that drifted. I think from fourth quarter to first quarter and the remainder, things that were closing in the kind of the natural course of business. So, overall, we are very encouraged by the amount of leasing activity and it includes enterprises, financial services, our cloud and managed service providers, even some of the large social networking and Internet commerce companies. So we are seeing a really good general [growth] in demand. And I think the trend for outsourcing of enterprises is definitely driving that continued trend upward and signings this quarter.
Mike Foust: Emmanuel, there was one deal in particular that involved a tenant in a high-rise building. It was an anchor tenant and it involved not only a renewal but a relocation. They were in two different locations in the building. So one was an eight floor location and one was a second floor location. So the second floor suite was located adjacent to the eight floor, and there was also expansion associated with that. And just because of the nature of the building, it was very expensive to relocate them. And I guess, additionally, this is a tenant that we would hope to do additional business with on a global basis support. It’s a strategic customer for us.
Mike Foust: Well, our development costs are going up actually as a result of more projects. So on a unit basis actually, Jim Smith, and our team have really driven down unit costs on per KW per square foot. So the increase in the amount of construction we are doing and our guidance is a direct result of taking advantage of more opportunities that we are seeing in the market around the U.S., around the globe. So it’s (inaudible), so we are building more.
Mike Foust: Those are our small footprint customers where we are just designating. And maybe big companies with a small footprint requirement and it might be an existing customer that has a smaller requirement in a particular geographic market and that’s where (inaudible) program really comes into play, to be able to serve that broad range of customers. And so we are really focused on expanding those opportunities, (inaudible) our customer base broadly. So that’s and we are pretty -- we are very bullish actually on being able to increase that opportunity. So we can capture the broad range. Our returns are probably somewhat higher than on our larger footprint leases. If you look at unlevered return on costs, we are clearly on a higher returns. So we like that business all around.
Mike Foust: Yeah. So at 365 Main that was just -- we just built out more space in that building. So, we’re taking advantage of the opportunity to add values. So our folks are really clever and creative and we’ve been able to capture space. Add our UPS power and be able to expand there and certainly we’re deploying a significant amount of capital either directly to building out that colo business if you will. I don’t have it at my fingertips, but significant portion of our $850 million to $950 million projected CapEx for this year is devoted toward adding value at our assets with the colo program.
Mike Foust: We’re looking -- we’re definitely looking at opportunities both in Europe as well as Asia Pac. And we’re at a point now in Europe where we’re pursuing a couple of opportunities on the continent to add to our portfolio. So while the capital spending actually, I think is probably going to go up a little bit as a percentage in Europe. Right now, we are projecting about 9% of our CapEx spend to be in Europe and the CapEx spend in Asia Pac was probably mostly due to the timing going down from 21% of the total bucket to 16%. But the bucket has grown also. So you are probably looking at almost the same amount in terms of dollar investment.
Mike Foust: Well, in terms of income producing assets, we are projecting I believe in our guidance 7% to 8% roughly.
Mike Foust: And we were able to achieve somewhat over 9% in the fourth quarter with a combination of Sydney deal and a Paris deal. So we think that our guidance numbers are conservative. But there’s going to be a range there and clearly it’s averaging somewhere between that 7.25% and 7.75%. It’s hard to make a sweeping statement about regions like that because every market in the U.S. has different characteristics and as well as in Asia-Pac as well as in Europe. A lot has to depend with (inaudible) are. I think it’s safe to say that generally for investment properties across the board, cap rates have declined over the last couple of years. For datacenter buildings, we are not seeing a rapid decline for the properties we are looking up. And also there is properties that trade at 6% to 6.5% that we just don’t bid on it. There is a property - a couple of things that we’ve taken a look at in Europe that have been potentially 5.5% to 6%. So we are looking for those opportunities where we can either create value or be in a position to underwrite tenants in buildings and releasing risk that other core investors are going to have a difficult time doing. In terms of lease rates, we are generally seeing lease rates have stabilized in most markets in the U.S. and they’ve been flat, pretty flat year-over-year, that we did have an uptick in the fourth quarter of 2012 that was encouraging. And broadly, every market is a little different in Europe and Asia-Pac. Europe is pretty steady at rates that have declined. I would say London is pretty steady. Paris doesn’t have a lot of activity right now. Amsterdam will continue to be a healthy market. And we are still seeing a good activity in London. So, I think flat rates would probably be the norm. In Asia Pac, lease rates are very healthy, demand is healthy generally and we see really good pricing power in the Asia Pac markets.
Mike Foust: That’s a really good question and actually we’re seeing both of those companies in particular continue to see good demand and very good growth. It seems like the market did not like CenturyLink’s decision to use cash flow and to shift that cash flow from dividends to stock repurchase. I think that in my opinion had a very, very big effect on their stock rather than our operating results. If you look at CenturyLink’s enterprise market both network and enterprise market data hosting which are our tenants, that would be your -- generally your Savvis and your historic Qwest. Operating revenues in their hosting business was up almost 13% year-over-year on the quarter. Colocation revenues were up almost 10%. They are seeing quite a bit of increase in their geographic expansion including and expanding further into Germany and they have got adding to their portfolio of cloud services. So it’s a very attractive growing business which is why CenturyLink brought them on onboard. The enterprise network market, those revenues were up almost 6% quarter-over-quarter to $671 million. Their other revenue is up 4.5% year-over-year. So that business is showing good growth too. Those are the businesses that would -- that do occupy and continue to take more space in our facilities. If you look at CenturyLink overall, they have operating cash flow of U.S. $7.7 billion and in the quarter it was up -- it was $1.9 billion, which was an increase year-over-year before and net income was up. So their business overall and cash flow from operations and those sorts of health metrics look good and as I said that the enterprise hosting and enterprise network are doing quite well. Rackspace, it appears the market didn’t like that. They only grew 57% quarter-over-quarter instead of 65% quarter-over-quarter revenues. So their revenues and new business is still growing tremendously well. And they need more space in many markets. So I think a natural adjustment and sometimes when stocks get a little frothy on valuations, but their business is extremely healthy and growing.
Mike Foust: Phoenix is very active. We’ve seen a wide range of large requirements, multiple megawatts, as well as growing smaller footprint requirements. And it’s a combination of enterprise, web-based commerce, retail, hosting, managed services. So a pretty good mix of customers in Phoenix. Phoenix has always been historically a very tech market, broad based datacenter market for enterprises and financial services companies. And we already have a big stable financial services companies in Phoenix and particularly in Chandler.
Mike Foust: Well, I think in 2012, there is a lot of (inaudible) going on about outsourcing. And a lot of internal strategic planning around capital allocation in a lot of the big -- and in many, many big enterprises and especially in financial services. So I think our indications are that a lot of these plans have been formulated and they are ready to be implemented. And we see almost across the board, the plans include outsourcing of new space and consolidation of space. And outsourcing that is more of a leasing model as opposed to build-and-own yourself model. And we think that’s going to add significant new business in 2013 and 2014. So we are really encouraged by that. And I think financial services are going to lead the way in that. Other verticals are already looking down hard at healthcare. I think it will be another vertical that we will see more business coming out of. Certainly, the cloud services, computing, managed services. They are already focused on outsourcing and I think that’s a very positive trend for us all around.
Mike Foust: Well, our colo offering does not include managed services. So, if they overlap, I think we see very little overlap because most of our folks -- colocation in our vernacular is just a small footprint. We’ll provide the remote hands, the rack and stack, the cabling, these are normal typical datacenter services that we do for the large customers as well as small customers. Actually we do more of that type of -- the large footprint customers than the small ones in reality and actuality. So, we don’t see a big differentiation around our product type. We don’t see a lot of overlap but we’re going to go ahead and continue to work hard to fill our buildings and serve our customers who have a wide range of footprint requirements. But I think in actuality, there is not much overlap between our customers that are providing a broader set of managed services and interconnect network services offerings.
Mike Foust: Well, we certainly have more markets in the U.S. So the U.S. is always going to drive more volume, but we’ve also had success with significant lease requirements in London for a build-to-suit, in Singapore a smaller TK Flex requirement or an international bank. New York Metro was one of our larger Wall Street customers, some office space in Philadelphia. So it’s a pretty wide range of requirements. I think that’s reflective of the amount of activity, leasing activity we’re seeing across the board whether it’s Singapore or Sydney or in Phoenix or Northern Virginia or Chicago. So it’s Dallas -- I mean certainly all these markets, New Jersey, we are seeing good activity. So it’s pretty broad based, which is great for us because we have stock customers -- customers who want to be in multiple markets with us. And we will be able to take advantage of that throughout the year as well.
Mike Foust: Thank you. And thank you everyone for spending the time with us today on the call. As you can tell, we are very positive about the opportunities for our business and for our customers’ business as well. The secular demand drivers that we reviewed on Investor Day continue to be in play and are only pointing towards greater demand as we had. We’re probably in better position to capture that demand than anybody else in the market. So thanks everyone and we will be speaking with you again soon.
Bill Stein: Sure. So in the case of the G&A, that was predominantly a reversal in the bonus accrual for the year because we didn’t make the high end of its internal targets and that’s what accounted for that. In the case of the capitalized interest, there is a catch-up associated with this and there’s new methodology as well. But as a result there was a $3.5 million catch-up, as I said it would normalize at around $5 million going forward.
Bill Stein: Yeah. Asia is (inaudible) on an absolute dollar basis and Europe was up I think by about a third in absolute dollars.
Bill Stein: And, Rob, one thing I would like to add to that is that in Europe on the acquisition side, there are situations where the seller of the asset is seeking liquidity and there is limited liquidity in Europe today. So in those situations, we can really achieve a pretty attractive risk adjusted return.
Bill Stein: We bought a pretty large portfolio in July, which was the Sentrum Portfolio, and that would account for a significant component of that. It was US$1.1 billion, Tayo.
Bill Stein: We don’t have the book value for you in Chicago. We don’t have the other information for you right now. We can talk about that offline.
Bill Stein: Okay. So the 10% to 12% would be taking all of the commencements over the course of the year and basically establishing a run rate on 12/31, divided by investment capital deployed. And the 10% assumes that some of the investment capital doesn’t lease. So that’s the reason for the delta between 10% to 12%. You can see the 12% is pretty close to what we achieved in 2011 and 2012 but in fact adjusting for the 50 basis point reduction due to the Sentrum earn out, the 9% -- you could argue that we are expecting to do better this year than we did in prior years. The 11% to 14% is where we expect yields to fall. So some yields will be at 11%, some yields will be at 14% and some actually could be higher than 14% and in fact have been higher than 14% in prior years, particularly in Asia. So, the 11% to 14% is really a range of outcomes and it just so happens that our results as adjusting for the Sentrum earnout, the 12.5% is really an essence right in the middle of the 11% and 14%.
