Andrew Power: Jonathan, thanks for that question. We restructured our sales team in early in the first quarter, as Bill mentioned in his beginning comments. And what we did there was we decided to organize our sales team to sell to our customers in a way they buy, cloud service providers buy differently than enterprises and differently than network solution providers. What we've done is trained our sales team around these solutions. We've also hired skilled resources onto the team in order to make sure that we're providing expertise and solutions to our customers' opportunities and problems. And we're deepening those skills throughout the year. We saw some positive impact from that in the first quarter, as you can see from the strong sales numbers that we turned in. But we also expect that as our skills deepen and our relationships deepen and the strategy itself takes hold that we'll see continued progress as a result. It's not an overnight dramatic doubling of sales kind of an impact. But it, over time, will be the right strategic move. And again, we saw impact from that in the first quarter that we thought was very positive. I think it's important to note that we did do the restructuring at the beginning of the first quarter. It was a major restructuring and integration of the Telx, Digital and Telecity assets. And yet still turned in a strong quarter, which we feel very good about.
Andrew Power: We do. So, first of all, the mix that we had in the first quarter, Jonathan, we were very comfortable with. Other than the fact that we want to grow our channel opportunities significantly over time, this balance of about 60% of scale business and 40% of colo business is one that we're comfortable with and we'd like to maintain over time. As it relates to channels and alliances, Bill mentioned in his opening comments as well that we did low single digits of the business that we did – booked in the first quarter through our channel partners. That is something that we're very focused on changing. I'm not going to give you a, necessarily, a percentage target of our sales right now that we'd like to generate through the channel, except to tell you that we'd like it to be meaningfully higher than that and I think it's probably safe to say that at some point in 2018, to make it double-digit portion of our bookings, the percentage of our bookings in 2018. We think that we can get there. Change of focus on channels and partners and alliances is a meaningful endeavor and takes new processes and methodologies for working with partners. The leader that we've hired from a top IT managed services provider, who has extensive channel experience, has that reengineering of our channel organization underway. And, I think, starting in the fourth quarter and certainly in 2018, you'll start seeing impacts that really matter in those areas, which will be positive.
Andrew Power: Jordan, this is Andy, maybe I'll speak to give you a little more color on the quarter, then let's see what you can get out of Dan on our pipeline. So if you look at the total amount of signings for the quarter, the – we had a similar concentration in kind of that SMACC vertical, which is cloud and other parts of the digital economy, which is about 65% of the total volume. What was a little bit different this quarter is that about – of that component, it was more heavily weighted to other parts of the digital economy relative to just the top cloud service providers. We still had a significant portion, I think, a third of that chunk I just described was top cloud service providers but there's a lot – there's a whole bunch of other parts of specialty clouds, other parts of companies that are part of the digital economy and have their businesses over the Internet, were a driver. And then rounded out, the other 35% of the total demand, was a combination of IT service providers and a host of other customers, which I'd probably characterized as enterprise. So, we really attacked enterprise customers two ways with our – a great group of IT service providers and also enterprise that come to us directly. That mix has been fairly consistent. But it did pick up a little bit at the end of the last year and into the first quarter. And I'll turn it over to Dan, if he wants to touch on pipeline.
Andrew Power: Sure. So, we intentionally wanted to make sure we didn't have any surprises here because we do have a little bit of a funky quarterly distribution of our core FFO per share this year. So we did have a little bit of a pull forward of some good news on the revenue and NOI front during the quarter. We had a positive outcome on a property tax accrual. So, we do see a quarter-to-quarter step down, due to some of those good newses not repeating themselves. And the G&A is going to pick up, based on timing of when we did our promotions, merit increases and stock grants. And then we do have a decent portion of our backlog that comes in back half of the year. I think, I'm not sure if that's included in our prepared remarks, we signed our – a lease for the second phase of Osaka, which is – that property is essentially now fully leased and we've also purchased a land parcel for expansion of that campus. Both the first customer and the second customer that will be landing in Osaka are late back half of 2017 revenue event. So they'll be coming on in the fourth quarter and providing some growth going into 2018.
Andrew Power: Sure. Maybe I'll just highlight some of the components that got us to north of $50 million signings this quarter, which I do think lend itself to additional strong quarters in 2017. Although I – we can't promise and I can't promise north of $50 million every quarter of 2017. I mean, you're 100% right. One way to generate incremental revenue is to do that in incremental footprint. And I think you saw that in a few pockets of our portfolio in the first quarter. I already talked about our wins in Osaka. If you hop over to Europe for a second, I can tell you that we had a fairly large signing within a new customer to Digital in Dublin. We had a similar – existing digital customer that anchor our scale campus deployment in Amsterdam. We also had some wins on the colocation front. So we had expansion in both U.S. and Europe in terms of colocation signing wins. And I can tell you, Frankfurt is coming online, from a campus perspective, at the back half of 2017. We haven't signed any major leases there to date, but we have had smaller wins in Frankfurt, including a digital – long time digital relationship, a colocation customer that was seeking colocation footprint. We are able to place them into one of those eight assets we acquired last summer with a 250-kilowatt or 240-kilowatt colocation footprint. But they came to us, not just because of that, seeking that deployment, but also our relationship and the fact that they could see the growth into our campus down the road in the future. So lots of positive momentum. New places to sell that could lend itself to continued steady-eddy growth in our signings. And that's obviously what we're seeking. And I don't know if anyone else wants to chime in here on that front.
Andrew Power: If you're able to kind of exceed our internal lease expectations and kind of hit the right-hand side of that guidance table on, call it, page 5 or 6 of our financial supplement, I mean, we see tremendous flow through and you see that by the fact of our operating margins at the property level or EBITDA level. So those will certainly be indicators that pushes through the higher end, if not, above the higher end of the guidance. But again, it's only – we got three quarter – three months, one quarter done, so we got a long way to go still.
Andrew Power: Paul, we try to stick with the precedents, and the precedent here has been to give annual guidance and not provide the quarterly granularity. And we certainly help to work with modeling questions off-line, if anyone would like to discuss. We just – given that a little bit of a pickup in G&A, pick up in G&A was like roughly around 6% of our revenue. So, obviously trending towards the low-end of our guidance range. That's going to be a little bit of a haircut. And we also have some capital stack items, which have been not there. The last leg of our forward equity offering will close out in that 2.4 million shares to our share count. So those items, in particular, are obviously going to create a little bit of a step down from the first quarter to the second quarter for core FFO per share. But we see that being offset with additional revenue from our properties in the back half of the year.
Andrew Power: Sure. So we sunsetted that slide with kind of the year one completion of our underwriting and meeting and exceeding them on all of our financial objectives. Broadly speaking, integration from the Telx transaction is really down to a limited amount of items. The teams fully are integrated. That unification of the sales and marketing team under Dan's leadership was the final piece of that. We do have to sunset the Telx accounting system, which we'll complete later this year. But from a people, process and systems standpoint, we're almost really close to the finish line, if not there. In terms of financials, that's really been a part of our success in, on – in the North America colocation and interconnection business. You've seen that's had a – we've had a tick up in our signings volume, you've seen a tick-up in our interconnection revenue line item, be it quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year. We've grown the North America colocation footprint. I believe the total colo footprint is now about a 17% expansion relative to prior to when we bought the Telx business. So we've grown them in Ashburn, and had some wins with new customer there. We've grown them in the Richardson Campus. We've expanded their footprint in 350 East (44:58) Cermak and we're also seeing some strong demand in our 600 West 7th asset in LA. So off to a start, (45:08) pretty much through the chute on integration and continue to track along and be a key contributor of our business despite the slide not being in the deck anymore.
Andrew Power: Yeah. It's a piece of the colo numbers, obviously, Europe, the addition of the eight assets in Europe. But you can see in our table, the signing numbers are broken out. So they're – and you still do see a step-up in North America volumes. I think our colo interconnection signings were our highest signings numbers since we acquired the Telx business, a little – about two years ago almost. And I think in the history of Telx, it's a top two, yes, top two performance. I think we saw, not only continuation of traditional customers growing their footprint or connectivity packages but we saw a lot of new wins, be it new customers to the colocation footprint or an existing customer going to a new market, both of which not only spur – that case type not only spurs demand for space and power but incremental connectivity. So I think those are some of the elements that kind of drove the results. I'm not – I think coming together as one unified team under Dan's leadership certainly played a part in it. But I think having more time with the full multi-product offering across the globe certainly helps us as well.
Andrew Power: Sure. Maybe, Colby, I'll speak to Dallas first. So I can tell you that we've had – I know we had some decently sized wins in the Dallas market last quarter, in the fourth quarter, one with a partner that landed a healthcare company on our campus and then this quarter, we had a digital economy name with a decent kind of meg-plus deal landed on the Richardson Campus as well. And I know we have a – and that market specifically kind of has some attractive opportunities that we're working on right now with some of our largest customers looking to grow their footprint. I think, obviously, we're not alone in Dallas and we're competing with RagingWire and others. I think, those are the types of markets where you have to really differentiate yourself and bring more to the table of the customer, be it multiple U.S. markets, multiple geographic regions, a public company, investor-grade track record and 10-plus years of operating excellence. So there's a lot of things we do to differentiate our value prop with each customers and to have – and differentiate our relationships with the customers to win over some of them, may be in one or two markets, be it just in the U.S. In terms of the flow through, yes, we are quite pleased with the sign to commence creeping down to just under three months. I think you nailed the reasons in your own question, actually. We do have a range in the revenue line item. We do have some churn, which I highlighted but I would call churn with a silver lining because it's opportunities to, where we can reposition space and make incremental or are making incremental returns on that space and that's, I would say, that's part of the reason that we went with a $0.05 increase to the bottom end of our guidance and kept the top end constant.
Andrew Power: Hey, Richard, it's really all predicated on our success here. So we've taken an approach to incrementally grow our colocation footprint what we thought it made sense, be it in our Internet gateways, where we already had a dominant presence right in the (01:01:16) room, had a connectivity and ecosystems stronghold and could build out incremental pods for – to sell colo into all new places, where you put the flags, be it in Ashburn or Richardson and Franklin Park is probably the next stop on the North America campus and Dublin is probably the next stop on the European campus. And I know Singapore is probably the next step on the Asia campus. But we're doing it very incrementally, call it 0.5 meg to 1 meg increments. We're not going to build a 5-megawatt, 10-megawatt colo all, and just waiting to fill it up over a longer time period. And the other thing I'd say, you have working against in the pie chart is that we do have – I mean, we're still doing pretty strong larger footprint scale wins. Scale was 61% of total signings during the quarter. And we have – that part of the pie is growing at the same time. So I wish I could tell it's going to be exactly this but we're trying to make sure we have the offering for the full product suite, the cage or (01:02:17) cabinet up to the multiple megawatts halls. And depending where demand and customers grow, that's going to (01:02:23) get bucketed between a colocation or a scale customer suite.
Andrew Power: Two trends, I would say, bigger the deployment, longer the term. If a customer wants to do a massive deployment, with us at least, they want to go 10, 15 years and we – that's something we appreciate and we want them to go 10, 15 years given the concentration risk of when that one expiration comes due. So anything kind of call it, 5, 10 years or north, we're trying to push for longer and the customer usually is also pushing for longer customarily. Secondly, you'll see our Powered Base Building renewals, that's – those are – just to remind you, those are places where we own a highly improved shell and the customers put on their own dollar the full build-out of the last, call it, 70% to 80% of the infrastructure. They've got lots of dollars sunk in the space and you can see those renewals when they do come through, they have customers contracting for a longer time period than a fully built out suite.
Daniel W. Papes: Sure, yes. Jordan, thanks for the question. Our pipeline for the second and third quarters, which I tend to look at it over multiple quarters at this time, looks to have a similar mix to what Andy described that we saw in the first quarter and then what we've seen in the past. I will say that the demand in all areas, in interconnection, in colocation and in our scale business, looks to us to be very solid. And it's our job to go out and capture that business but we're pleased to have the opportunities out in front of us to go after and try to capture. So the demand funnel looks good and again, will drive those results that you'll see in the coming quarters.
Daniel W. Papes: Yeah. Thanks, Michael, it's Dan Papes. So, just to add to Andy's comments. I talked about the balance that we had in the quarter, the contributions from interconnection, colocation and scale. And Andy had mentioned that our – the deal sizes in the scale side of the business were in this 2-megawatt to 5-megawatt range. We do think that that combination, that healthy balance of sales across our portfolio should provide us, over time, the ability to provide sort of less lumpy kinds of quarters. But it's the nature of this business, given the fact that some of those larger transactions happen, the 5 mega – when you get towards the 5-megawatt transactions, there'll still be some up and down over quarters. But I think over time, you'll be able to draw the line in the bar chart that shows a consistent upward trend. And again, I think the balance that we have across the portfolio really helps us a lot in regards to that.
Daniel W. Papes: Yeah, Vincent, this is Dan Papes. The conversations, I think continue to be around growth. The cloud service provider demand, to us, looks – continues to look strong. As kind of as far as the eye can see, I don't see it diminishing. We do see an interesting mix of deals that are in this 2-megawatt to 5-megawatt range that we brought down in the first quarter and some larger transactions. I see it, I see the trend continuing the way it's done in the past. And it's one of the things that we feel good about as we look forward at the opportunity before us. Andy, I don't know if you'd add anything to that. But...
William Stein: Mike, one thing I'd like to add is, to the extent we are doing this business outside the U.S. and because we match fund, the interest costs are lower outside the U.S. than they are in the U.S. right now. So there's an incremental effect there.
William Stein: Yeah, I think there was some commentary around New Jersey in particular. I'd say the New York market for us is a little bit bifurcated. We still have fairly dominant positions with their Internet gateways into the city, which is obviously focused on performance-sensitive colocation and interconnection points. We continue to see strong demand, be it 111 8th, 60 Hudson, 32 Avenue of Americas. Out in New Jersey, we're not – we don't have a ton of available space. We've not been a active developer really in that market given the retrenching of the demand for a while. We did do a handful leasing, but I think you'll see our 2 Peekay Building in New Jersey, that's – occupancy has picked up in the last quarter. But I wouldn't – relative to other things or wins we had during the quarter, I wouldn't say that was a standout market for us.
William Stein: Hey, Vin. I would say, we've done a pretty darn good job at, what I'll call, supply chain management, and a lot of that we owe to Scott and his team's success of procuring the long lead time items, be it land, at our many campuses, locations and whether it's in Ashburn, Virginia or in Franklin Park in Chicago or in Richardson in Dallas. We either own or control a significant amount of acreage typically adjacent to our existing campus that really lends itself to our value proposition of having these customers being able to come to our campus and we can show that they can land and expand and not outgrow our footprint. So we do not see any scenarios where we're really sold out, especially in our kind of core active development markets such as the core four in North America, our Ashburn (49:18) Silicon Valley. Silicon Valley, which is probably one of the tightest markets, we're bringing on incremental space at the end of this year in terms of new capacity. And we see a similar scenario in London, Dublin, Amsterdam, Frankfurt and Singapore. Osaka, Japan, now that we had success there, we do have the land, it will take us a little bit longer. So we won't be bringing on incremental capacity in 2017 or early 2018 for that property, but shortly thereafter, with that recent acquisition. So I think we're in pretty good shape in terms of being able to meet near-term and long-term demand.
William Stein: Yeah. Hey, Matt. One thing I want to emphasize, though, is, I think it's important to have space in all of these markets to satisfy our customer's requirements. Our top 20 customers, of those, 95% of them are in multiple regions. And another 70% of the top 20 are in Europe and the U.S. And then frankly 25% of them are in Europe and in Asia. So, yeah, it's just important that you have space, we think, where we have it to meet their demands as they arise.
William Stein: Thank you, Denise. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the first quarter as outlined here on the last page. One, we retooled our sales force to better align with our customers' buying behavior without sacrificing current period results and we delivered robust bookings during the first quarter, up over 50% from the previous quarter. We delivered solid current period financial results, beating consensus estimates by $0.06. We raised the low end of our guidance range by $0.05, reflecting the out-performance during the first quarter as well as our growing confidence in the outlook for the balance of the year. And finally, we further strengthened our balance sheet by paying down high coupon debt and preferred equity. We finished the quarter with our debt to equity ratio below 5 times, fixed charge coverage above 4 times and Standard & Poor's revised their outlook on our BBB flat credit ratings to positive. Last, but not least, I'd like to say thank you to the entire Digital Realty team whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. Thank you, all, for joining us, and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in June.
