Bill Stein: Sure. Jon, happy to provide a refresh. First of all, we don’t comment on M&A speculation, particularly as it relates to specific opportunities in the marketplace. But to refresh everyone’s memory, we try to do only strategic deals. And by that, I mean, we’re looking for investments that enhance either our geographic footprint or our product offering, thinking about specific deals. When you look back on Interxion, I think, we were fortunate with there we were able to do both. We were able to enhance our geographic penetration and add significantly to the colocation mix in Europe. We -- as it relates to --and the CyrusOne situation, which I think is what you probably were alluding to. We think that’s a good platform. We have all this respect in the world for both Bruce Duncan and Steve and Dave Ferdman. But its gives us more of what we already have. And so I just don’t think that’s something that would be of interest to us.
Bill Stein: I can say that kind of ties to both the questions. Coincidentally, Singapore REITs have been the buyers of our two biggest portfolio sales. They’ve not been the only buyers. We’ve also done other one-off assets sales to other private buyers that were non-core. As relates to any vehicle that we would do like that, we would only think about that in the core contacts, if we’re going to extend our brand and sponsorship to it. So I think -- I can’t comment on what that specific rumor was kind of pointing to, but it kind of is interwoven with both concepts a little bit.
Bill Stein: Yeah. Jordan, I guess, when I think about -- so what we’re trying to accomplish here and certainly in recent history, I mean, you saw the press release today, right, where we bought a piece of land in Seoul Korea and we already own a carrier-neutral data center in downtown Seoul, and now we’re going to build a campus out in the suburbs. And what we’re trying to do is replicated and so what we’ve created in other markets in the world -- and around the world to the connected campus with a carrier-neutral dense network that you can tether the campus back into. And I think that when you look around the world today, they’re just aren’t that many platforms. I mean, there is not an Interxion in Asia. And I think that would you going to more likely see from us is what you’re seeing in Seoul, we are in fact pursuing similar models in other parts of Asia and in other parts of the world where we’re going into new markets and planting the flag with both network dense facilities and campuses. So just to repeat what our criteria is, yes, it has to be strategically important to us in terms of either geography or product additive to both, it needs to be, we’d like it to be accretive to our near-term earnings idea and certainly accretive to growth, which is what Interxion was and Ascenty. And importantly prudently financed, so a capitalization…
Bill Stein: But to put a finer point on it, we’re not going to lever up these assets to make the number works -- numbers work.
Bill Stein: I don’t think, I won’t kind of go through my victories piece here. I don’t think we’re fully out of the woods, but where the trend is moving in our direction and we benefit from an incredibly diverse platform and as you look at our expirations going into this year, rest of this year or 2022 and beyond. The mix just is improving, right? The bars have gotten shorter. The concentration in the greater than megawatt is become more international, places where we’ve had greater pricing power. So, not fully in the clear, but I feel like we’re inching our way into better territory every day.
Bill Stein: So, two data points. One, we are increasing the guidance, net of the $0.12, right? So the $0.12 is a non-cash deferred tax hit. Sensibly, we revaluing a liability that due to the U.K. changing its corporate tax rates by 600 basis points that $35 million or $0.12 flows through one-time and it’s non-cash, does not hit AFFO, which you can see that I think the lowest payout ratio we’ve had in five quarters now. So, by the fact that we’ve increased the guidance notwithstanding that $0.12, it’s essentially would have been a raise. And if you backed out the $0.12 to the midpoint of our new guidance you’re close to, what would be 6% year-over-year growth on the core FFO. The reason it doesn’t all the beat in this quarter to heart of your question like it doesn’t all flow-through some of the beat which is OpEx timing, so timing relative to some of the OpEx spend which got pushed out from 2Q into back half of the year.
Bill Stein: Sure. Michael, why don’t I try to tackle those in reverse order? So in terms of maintenance capital, obviously, the older facility, the more you propose end of life on various components. But that’s no different than any piece of infrastructure or real estate. So, we’re placing the roof, placing a chiller, you kind of get to these 20-year, 30-year end of life and one by one. Now, the good thing is, we’ve built this portfolio over many years and essentially keep adding newer product to the mix at the same time. So, we’ve been able to keep our -- recurring CapEx at a pretty modest hit to our AFFO. We actually dialed it back slightly just this for the year our guidance table. So, I wouldn’t say any material upticks and we do a lot of maintenance throughout the year in terms of fixed repair, preventative and to ensure that there is no looming infrastructure headaches call on the horizon. From a pricing standpoint, obviously, there is a smaller nuance, whether it’s PV efficiencies or power densities, which we certainly are innovating and bring to bear a new technologies in terms of legacy facilities. But net-net, the biggest drivers supply and demand in the market, a data center that becomes available for us in Santa Clara or Singapore or Frankfurt or markets that are compelling demand outpacing supply, customers are creating the availability and not looking for the birth date. So, I think that’s more of a driver of the pricing activity. From your first question, I mean, on call it, 2022, I mean, we’re only called halftime here, so not ready to rollout season two or wherever. But I would say, a couple of things that set us up for accelerated growth overall. One, I just talk a little bit to the cash mark-to-market position and it’s been improving this year relative last year and see horizon where it could continue to prove. Two, this year, we took significant -- relative to our certainly -- actually we took back significant amount of capacity that we’re chopping wood on releasing. So that we’re having downtime from that baking capacity in our numbers this year, you can see that our occupancy as well. And you’re going to see that kind of come online as we refill that and have a greater contribution to revenue in 2022 than it does in 2021. So, I think those elements and the fact that I think we’ve now put up I should count this, but I think it’s close to eight pretty darn good quarter of consecutive leasing, right? You obviously have to adjust to our pre-Interaction days relative to our denominator, but the leasing has been pretty darn consistent for some quarters now. So, I think, all those things paint the picture, as well as a pretty attractive development pipeline, which will obviously create as contribution to 2022 to 2021.
Bill Stein: Let me try to give up that question, because I think there is a couple of great points in here. Maybe, Corey, you want to pick up on enterprise demand? I was really pleased on that front of -- north of $90 million in EMEA, zero to 1 megawatt close 30% of our bookings, before I could speak to that and then maybe Chris and I can handle inflation impacts on our customers and our supply chain.
Bill Stein: Yeah. No. Thanks, Corey, and I appreciate the question, Simon. I think from a supply chain and what we’ve seen in the industry, we haven’t seen any material impacts or delays at this point in time. We work extensively with our customers to understand their needs and the requirements for the infrastructure in their deployments and so we align their orders to manufacturing dates. There has been some delays, but most of the time we can signal that right in the beginning of the sales cycle to ensure that they can order them and not miss any kind of delivery dates from that perspective. But again it’s something we constantly watch with the different types of manufacturers out there. And I think, Andy, referenced this earlier, our VMI program with the infrastructure that we leverage and delivering our own services. We’re way ahead of that and I think we’ve really differentiate ourselves with the weight in the market that we can execute I think beyond most of the other companies out there. So, it’s something that we watch closely, but no material impacts to-date.
Bill Stein: I mean, in any given mark -- quarter, there is always certain markets that I call it tighter on the inventory standpoint. I mean we spoke about that how we went into that Ashburn, luckily, it was a good time for us to run into that in Ashburn because the market has softened. What comes to mind right now, Erik, are a few markets that are certainly a little bit on the tighter side. We have -- I don’t think we’ve done a much activity in Santa Clara for several quarters now, because that market has been so tight and we are waiting for a new capacity to come online. In Atlanta where we’re really solely focused on colo connectivity of 56 Marietta, which is both highly connected data center in Southeast is 100% full. We’re waiting for an annex building essentially to bring on the call it several megawatts of colo capacity. Outside the states, Frankfurt, has been a bit of a Tetris game in terms of fitting the customers in, in certain markets. And then Singapore, that’s a market where I don’t think we’re fully sold out, but it’s -- we’ve raised our rates, given the supply/demand -- tremendous supply/demand imbalance. We do look at -- any turn will have in that market, where we look to reprioritize for enterprise colocation and connectivity. Those are the ones the main we want to come top of mind. But I mean, across 47 metros and developing a new capacity, at least half of them. I’m sure there’s one or two else that will be similar.
Bill Stein: I don’t see anything close to an air pocket in Europe. So, as a reminder, Europe had a pretty phenomenal 4Q and a pretty strong 1Q. So you are coming off two quarters of pretty good leasing and what we’re seeing in the back half of the year. I think that trends going in the north of megawatt territory is going to continue its broad phrase. It’s certainly flat oriented where we’ve talked about Paris and Frankfurt is to extend our markets, but we’re also seeing some great demand outside the flat markets and we now have a European platform that’s across 10, maybe 12 European countries. So we’re servicing the hyperscalers and some larger enterprise requirements in many of them. But I think -- the thing -- what -- I hate, Europe didn’t have a great, what -- north of megawatt quarter because had a really fantastic less than megawatt quarter over $19 million and had numerous markets through major contribution in that less than megawatt interconnection category. So net-net, still really pleased with Europe
Bill Stein: Yeah. One, I would say, the customers are not seeking shorter contract durations, because we price those at higher rates. And you saw the activity, the Singapore rates are clearly shown through our APAC rates, which you can see our up again quarter-over-quarter. I don’t -- Singapore is one part of the world that I have a high degree of confidence. What goes up may not come back down. I mean, one, it’s an island state. It is incredibly government-controlled. Everyone’s operating under long-term ground leases with the government and they take a very thoughtful and measured approach to supply chain overall, who gets land, who gets to bring data center capacity online and they’re really trying to curate it, so they have the right providers and do so in a more environmentally friendly way. That’s the genesis of this, right? So that’s a market I do not see, in addition to the fact it’s an island. So, you quick -- more quickly rather the natural resources in Singapore.
Bill Stein: Thank you, Andrea. I’d like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the second quarter. As outlined here on the last page of our presentation. One, we continue to enhance our product mix, with record bookings within our sub-1 megawatt plus interconnection category demonstrating the progress we’ve made in offering the full product spectrum to our customers globally. We are also committed to delivering sustainable growth for all stakeholders and we provided additional transparency with the publication of our third Annual ESG Report. We’ve also raised full year revenue and EBITDA guidance for the second quarter in a row, setting the stage for accelerating growth in cash flow. Last, but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet, redeeming high coupon preferred equity and raising very attractively priced long-term fixed rate financing to support customer growth around the world. I’d like to wrap up today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty family, whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. I hope all of you stay healthy and safe, and enjoy the rest of your summer. We hope to see many of you in person again later this year. Thank you.
Andy Power: Thanks, Jon. So I think there’s two concepts kind of interlinked in your question. So non-core capital recycling, we’ve been doing a fair bit of that, most recently executed on portfolio in EMEA close to $700 million. That was not core or strategically digital. And it’s kind of similar to a transaction we did back in, I think, 2019. So call it, folks in our portfolio, we see the most robust and diverse customer growth. So that’s one leg of the stool that you can see will continue on, we activated this year, again, in terms of funding our business plan by recycling that capital into more strategic projects. We’ve also done what’s I will call it private capital partnerships. So similarly with that same transaction back in 2019 with Mapletree, we raised 80% stake and $1 billion of core assets, assets that we never really want to part with and we maintain operational control of as a minority partner. And so, I think, you’ll see us continue to do both. But there’s a big difference in our minds. Non-core things that we’re willing to call it 100% and we wish the new owners well, and core really keeping those assets as part of our collective platform and just trying to recycle capital of the slower growth assets. Both of which I think at the end of the day, hopefully, accelerates our growth and allows us to redeploy that capital into higher return opportunities.
Andy Power: I think the second or third part of your question was, can you drive pricing power to market share, which I think episodically there is opportunities to do that. I think if you look back to our DuPont Fabros transaction that was a market share moving transaction where we up-tiered our relationships with many customers to kind of to control near-term supply. And I think that concept maybe works in more overall supply-constrained markets predominantly outside the U.S. or even like a Santa Clara for that example. I do not -- I’m not confident. I think your line of thinking would be other domestically-focused larger footprint players is that, does that M&A create better pricing power and today’s backdrop, I don’t see that same events playing out, but again life such in America.
Andy Power: Yes. I think there’s definitely potential for fewer out cash mark-to-markets to be a positive tailwind here. I mean, we -- if you look at our -- the diversity of our product here we are -- it’s a very sticky product. We’re typically doing renewals in many markets better than new rates on new deals given the propensity inertia for our customer to stay. Our interconnection capabilities kind of further that stickiness, these markets where we’re even bringing on new capacity are running up to physical barriers, whether supply of power, access to land, connectivity, government moratoriums are popping up in certain countries. And then the whole concept inflation and its impact to newer incumbents and overall cost structures. All those things point to a world of higher pricing power in this aspect and certainly more so for Digital relative to a new entrance.
Andy Power: Yeah. I’ll just add on real quick on the larger hyperscale customers, strong Americas quarter, which is really largely, we did have a top five CSP land with us in Sao Paulo, but the lion’s share was Hillsboro in Toronto. So, some great wins from hyperscalers in that market. Top five hyperscale landed both in Paris and Frankfurt, grew with us in Paris and Frankfurt and then over in APAC as mentioned in prepared remarks at the leading Japanese social media platform landed with us in Tokyo in addition to a top five CSP. I think we’ve now set as the anchor to Tokyo -- our Tokyo campus on the prior call. So, I think, dramatically two things are playing out here. One, the hard work in terms of creating this global platform for these hyperscalers across approaching 50 metropolitan areas on six continents and really trying to be their trusted partner of choice around the globe is certainly benefiting our leasing or signing activity. And I would also say, we’re making some great inroads to whether you call it next here or next-gen hyperscalers. We made -- I think couple of quarters ago, we had a hyperscale win with a Singaporean-based technology company. I mentioned the Japanese social media company. We mentioned Korean company NAVER. So, definitely penetrating a broader cast of customers than just top five CSPs that we have done.
