Andrew Power: Hi. Thanks, Richard. So I would say in the greater than 1-megawatt category, we're seeing a continuation of the trends we've been playing out for the last several quarters. The biggest customers are desiring, one, contiguous capacity blocks that are very large; two, they want them right now or as soon as possible; and three, the desire of fungible markets, i.e., markets where they can service certainly GenAI workloads, trading ultimately inference, but also if they miss the measure, they can support their cloud computing needs as well. So we have not seen a -- the ease in terms of the demand for those attributes in the market.
Andrew Power: Hi, thanks, Irvin. So I think the one big deal or the one market you were pointing to is just the North America greater than 1 megawatt. Now just a mix of composition of deals. This quarter, in particular, Dallas market really led the way. It's had outside strength and this is actually a quarter where we didn't actually have any signings into our Northern Virginia market, which was not a lack of demand for that market, and we still have some great options for customers available at large capacity blocks in two parts of that market, but we just didn't penned anything in this particular quarter. So if you look more broadly, I think almost all the other, call it regions in both segments had an uptick in rates and that's always on apples-to-apples that the mix in the region could be different metros like that one example I just gave you, but that would be only outlier is the one that I just discussed.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Michael. Maybe I'll kick it off and then Greg can expand upon this. So this topic is not new. I think we have embarked on this journey at least 18 -- or at least a year and a half ago and made great progress, call it accumulating north of $10 billion or call it hyperscale private ventures with numerous parties. You've seen that few places, which we called out in the prepared remarks, we've seen our fee revenue having a step up of a recurring revenue basis in the P&L. Two, you've seen that in the balance sheet. Those private capital initiatives have obviously certainly moved our balance sheet from a defensive posture to an offensive posture and allow us to now pull forward some of these great projects in our land bank that's north of 3 gigawatts of runway of growth for our customers. And maybe I'll ask Greg just to give you a slightest preview of what's next in that evolution when it comes to our private strategic product accounting initiatives.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Jon. So I mean, we are -- if you almost think it was like a continuous conveyor belt of trying to deliver timely product for end customers' needs, that's certainly playing out in our enterprise colocation markets model. And now apply more than ever on the larger capacity blocks. This quarter and -- this quarter the book to sign a commencement was elongated out to about 20-ish months. That was based on one particular customer that we serviced and they had a very locational sensitive need than a radius restriction. And the only thing where we had in that radius was the land state. Luckily, it was on a cadence where we own the land and we were ready to get moving on. So that obviously elongated to be called delivery timeline for that particular signing. We excluded that, where we were basically call signing commencing like 4.5 type months. So we're continuously obviously delivering capacity and adding new capacity, whether it's from land to sell active suites and making sure we're maintaining our production slots and vendor relationships from that time of delivery in our 50 plus metros around the world.
Andrew Power: Then Ari, on the second part of your question, I would say, we remain very focused on our core markets, north of 50 of them around the world, nearly 30 countries on six continents. Those markets we continuously see robust and diverse customer demand. I'm talking cloud commute from the numerous CSPs, enterprise, hybrid, IT, and service providers in markets where we see really long-term barriers. And to be speaking to our actions on those, a sizable piece of our activation in shells moving from our 3-plus gigawatt land bank into shells and ultimately to be delivered in suites is all in those same core markets.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Dave. So obviously posted apples-to-apples from a 50% contribution last quarter to this quarter is probably closer a quarter of our science. We would say, we really pin on AI use cases. But I would caveat that in a few ways. One, that's in a quarter that's not our record quarter, but I think the top four quarter overall signings, great contribution of both 0 to 1 and plus 1 megawatt, as well as a near record in interconnection signings. And that means we're still winning with the traditional demand drivers of digital transformation, cloud computing, and the like, that though that demand is not nearly exhausted shelf or played out. I would also say that there was certainly a deal that I didn't count in the category of AI that is certainly pushing the envelope on power density and post-ink drawing, already thinking about evolving that capacity block or signed with them in towards what will ultimately be supporting AI down the road is my guess, which I think speaks to the modularity of design and how we're able to scale infrastructure to the demands of our customers as they needed. The second part of your question, let -- first off, I don't want to confuse the word offense with M&A. I think we've not done any real M&A or external growth for several years now. You can maybe save the resolution of the Cyxtera relationship, but that was I think making lemonade out of lemons more than anything. And when I use the word offense, I mean, that's converting this 3 plus gigawatt land bank, which we've assembled over the years, i.e., we didn't just go buy that yesterday and turning that into a great product for our customers to land and expand in -- at great returns on our investment. And you've been seeing that play out now with our ROIs and development schedule, crescendoing into the double-digits. You've seen that in the pricing power and you've seen our value proposition really resonate in all of our customer segments across our core markets. And lastly, our eye is on the price of accelerating the bottom line. That's where we reoriented our strategy 18 months ago about our value proposition, integrated, innovating, bolstering, diversifying our capital sources. And all those things were about, call it making sure we're driving per share -- FFO per share growth that's accelerating and it's going to be continuously compounding for years to come. So there is been no divergence in that conviction of what comes next for the rest of 2024 and what we've said about 2025, next year.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Eric. I mean, I would outcast that market rent growth is continuing to move in our favor. You've seen two elements happening, the most precious capacity blocks in the key markets like in Northern Virginia continue to set new records in terms of rates. And you've also seen a catch-up phenomenon where other markets in North America or outside of the U.S. are catching up a fair bit in terms of their trajectory of growth. Listen, I look at this, you've got these waves of demand being cloud computing and digital transformation, hybrid IT, and now AI that are just getting going in some of these. They're large and dynamic and it's happening in a supply constraint backdrop from numerous avenues of supply constraint. And those elements are ultimately resulting in the increases in rate that we've been able to execute on for several quarters and I believe will be three quarters in common. And I also believe they will likely outstrip the -- whatever inflationary cost we see in terms of build costs and at least maintain these ROIs, if not continue to notch it up slightly higher.
Andrew Power: Jim, I think that there is a few phenomenons happening. One, we're getting closer, I mean, some of these constraints popped up now a years in a rearview mirror. And we're obviously inching our way close to destinations of resolutions, be it in Northern Virginia, which I think 2026 is supposedly above or within like in Santa Clara and there is other non-U.S. markets as well. At the same time as we approach the power constraints, there is obviously a good potential that the delivery dates may not deliver on time. These are multifaceted projects that require easement, substations, construction projects. At the same time, the demand didn't standstill while the power was constrained. The second phenomenon I think they're seeing is -- this is becoming a more pervasive topic. It was very focused on one cloud center of the universe market with Northern Virginia and we're hearing more and more about other markets. And lastly, I wouldn't pin it just on power. Yes, the power has got broader generation issues in the economy that we're trying to green. It's got transmission issues that navigate municipalities and substation deliveries and transmission lines cutting through the backyards of folks that rather not have them there. But there are also other elements of sustainability concerns, moratoriums in certain parts of the world. And so I think that this is a multifaceted supply constraint, which I would also mention that even if it does get fixed, has a propensity that could -- history could repeat itself here. So I think this is going to make our value proposition with what we deliver to our customers even more compelling and valuable at the end of the day.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Michael. So the -- just to clarify, I would say, CapEx is the core and I think it's how we funded, which I think the same concept you're outlining in your question. The CapEx intensity is being pulled forward, right? We talked about this of greenlining more shell capacity, ultimately suites in a super highly leased -- pre-leased development pipeline at very attractive returns. So we're seeing the CapEx intensity increase. We're intersecting at great rates, great returns for our business for good -- and supporting great customers in numerous markets. And we've now positioned ourselves in a balance sheet position of greater strength, not only just from our leverage standpoint but from our liquidity and our diverse sources of capital. And what we're trying to do is essentially use the levers of using our public capital and our private capital to get back to, call it mid-single digits, call it floor to our growth next year and then it's further acceleration on top of that. And do that in a consistent year -- method of compounding that growth for numerous years to come. So it's really those levers of using public and private capital to drive that bottom line to new levels and on a consistent framework.
Andrew Power: I think Dave - you got to remember that our portfolio is not all -- just call it hyperscale. And the hyperscale portion of this business can literally be 100% leased in many buildings or markets, right? And my gut is that chart, which I think data center walk, which they're doing the best they can, is very much about more of a hyperscale lens. I was actually pretty pleased on the occupancy front. We're up 100 basis points in the same-store occupancy quarter-over-quarter and we have a big same-store pool. It's not mountain. We're also actively taking it one step backwards sometimes on occupancy to take two, three, four steps forward when vacant -- when suites come back and scale and we convert those to Colo and really support our customers' Colo growth as well. So this was the year we said that with occupancy, we're going to be moving the needle and we have been moving the needle. We got more to do in that arena. So I think we'll be seeing -- see it move up. And if you look at, you can also look to get a number of apples-to-apples. If you look at their occupancy, we show by markets. There are certain markets of way less than 60% vacancy that are just very much heavily weighted towards our hyperscale business. They just have a much, much smaller a footprint like Northern Virginia, where if you parse through it, especially on a megawatt basis. I wish, I had that type of vacancy to sell right now and we just don't.
Andrew Power: Thanks. So I mean customers are -- especially when it comes to larger capacity blocks, they're really trying to future proof and that's where our 3 gigawatts of growth comes in handy. So they certainly -- the nearest-term deliveries are precious, but I think in the years ahead. Now that particular example, as I mentioned, the 20 months was elongated because that customer -- one particular customer had very much their eyesight on a particular market and then various restrictions about where they could grow and where we can support that growth, we are literally their capacity. So that we were able to do deliver as fast as we could, but it certainly elongated. Look, excluding that one outlier, we're close to 4.5 months. And I think you'll -- I wouldn't count on those outliers consistently popping up, they'll be more sporadic.
Andrew Power: Thank you. Digital Realty posted another strong quarter in 2Q with record leasing in the first half, demonstrating how Digital Realty is positioned to support the elevated level of demand we continue to see for data center infrastructure. Fundamental strength continued through the second quarter with robust leasing volume, healthy pricing, and record commencements poised to drive an acceleration in bottom line growth. We continue to innovate and integrate with the rollout of HD Colo 2.0 and the addition of new cloud on-ramps to PlatformDIGITAL in the quarter. Then we have repositioned the balance sheet by recycling capital out of stabilized assets, diversifying our capital sources, and reducing our leverage. All of this was done with an eye towards improving our growth profile while supporting our customers' growing needs. We are excited about this quarter's results and remain optimistic about the outlook for data center demand and our position in the market. I'd like to thank everyone for joining today and would like to thank our dedicated and exceptional team at Digital Realty, who keep the digital world turning. Thank you.
Matthew Mercier: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Jonathan. So in terms of lease expirations, so what I'd say is less than half of our or greater than 1 megawatt leases have options with total fixed increases on them. But I would call that significantly less than that are typically renewed pursuant to those options. And that's generally for a few reasons. One, our customers must provide us notice of renewal within the proper period and that doesn't always happen to -- renewals must come in essence without any changes. So if there's any additional space, term, anything changes that opens up the contract. I think as we've talked about in the past and third, some of those customers also end up churning. So that all gives us an ability to be able to bring those contracts to market for the majority of what ends up rolling within a given period. On your second point on impairment, yes, we did have -- we did have impairment associated with a few of our non-core assets, which are part of our disposition plans and those are all located in the secondary market. We -- and I'd also put that in context to the fact that we've generated, call it, close to I think over $1.3 billion of gains from the capital recycling efforts that we've done over the last year.
Matthew Mercier: Sure. So what I look, what I call it is -- if you look at the greater than 1-megawatt leases that are expiring, call it the next 18 months, the rate -- average rate on that in the 140 to 145 area. But then it steps down pretty gradually to as low as 111 by the time you get to 2029. So I think you're going to see a continued positive trajectory on our leasing spreads, not only in the greater than 1-megawatt category, but I think also across all the categories. So I think you'd also recall within our 0 to 1 spreads have been positive. I think throughout our history, those are typically more regular steady inflationary type increases or better. So I think this puts us in a -- I think in a good position considering where market rates are, where some of the supply constraints are to where we'll see market rates now continue to remain positive and grow and continue to accrue benefits to our releasing spreads as we go through time.
Matthew Mercier: Yes, sure. So thanks, Matt. So in terms of the dividend, look I think it's back to kind of what we've said historically. I think we've got a unique opportunity here to take advantage of what we see as a tremendous growth opportunity throughout our global portfolio and one of the easiest and cheapest forms of capital within that is internally generated funds. And so we continue to look to try to maximize our cash flow as part of our funding strategy on that front. And on top of that, we're also -- I think as we've also mentioned throughout this call, we're keenly focused on growing the bottom line and accelerating that growth in outer years. So as we grow the bottom line, which is going to benefit and accrue benefits to not only core FFO but then on to AFFO, we then look to keep our dividend growth in line with that bottom line per share growth as well.
Matthew Mercier: Sure. I don't -- look there's a -- I would, again, I'd probably focus kind of on the bottom line. If you look at -- if you look at where we are halfway through the year, we're a little less than halfway through the midpoint of our core FFO guidance. And we talked about -- we expected this quarter would be -- would have a little bit of pressure because of the capital recycling efforts that where we've concluded with closing CH2 and having the related income from that come out this quarter. And so look what we're going to see is in the second half, growth we're expecting to improve and accelerate as the backlog of deals and signings come online. And as we expect -- as we haven't changed the guidance, we've obviously given a wide range. But if you look at -- I think where we are this year and the expectations for accelerating in the back half, which I think will set us up very nicely for 2025. We feel pretty good about the midpoint of guidance and being able to achieve that.
Colin McLean: Yes. Thanks, Ari. I appreciate the question. Andy highlighted strong performance over 1-megawatt -- pipeline overall for 1-megawatt trends to -- is trending positively below 1 megawatt, which we deem as important as heading in the right direction as well, record pipeline driven from digital transformation, cloud, and AI. And you saw that trending positively in our results, both directly and indirectly. Indirect execution has picked up the last quarter and we're now 23% of our pipeline being indirect, which we think is a positive sign on value proposition there. One of the things that Andy highlighted is the key value of metros. With the demand cycle, we're seeing enterprises and hyperscalers like zero value of proximity and the metro play that we have in key metros across the globe being particularly important. Finally, the ability both for enterprise and hyperscalers to grow in scale and capacity is of keen value really across the spectrum of low and above 1 megawatt.
Colin McLean: Sure. Frank, thanks for the question. I'm not sure I'd use the word prioritize. We definitely want to emphasize a full platform to have an offering set. So as highlighted in Andy's opening remarks, performance in Q2 was particularly strong 0 to 1, fourth consecutive quarter over $50 million, which I think was -- which is in also the third highest ever from 0 to 1. We think this consistency is really driven from our ability to serve the full spectrum of requirements for our enterprisers and service providers across the Global 5000 focus of customer set. New logos are also pretty strong as well, most solid ever in terms of 148% with 40% of that coming from the indirect side. Channel also which I highlighted earlier was a particularly strong point with over 20% booking contribution from the indirect side overall. So we view this segment as continuing on our value proposition out to our client set. And a lot of the drivers Andy talked about around digital transformation, cloud, and AI are also playing out in 0-1 segment across enterprises and service providers. And Andy highlighted a couple of those key wins on opening remarks, namely Fortune 5,000 clients, excuse me, offering their virtual desktop requirements and the global manufacturing win we had on the enterprise side. I also want to highlight the particular highlight of the Microsoft ExpressRoute launch into Dallas, which we feel like is a presumably strong representation of our platform.
Colin McLean: Great. On the new logo question, a couple of trends just maybe to highlight in that question. So first, we really believe it's in the hybrid world. So we're seeing that continued trend in the new logo base, hybrid work, cloud, data that our new logo requirements really are served well across our global platform. Number two is the mix of that 148 was very much split between commercial and Global 5000 accounts. So we're seeing continued interest in the platform across the larger customers who buy with more frequency in the smaller area of the spectrum. Not sure that we can necessarily point to a growing density in that particular base of clients yet or capacity. But I can tell you this particular base of clients sees real value, as I mentioned in our global platform, which really serves well across their requirements.
