Michael F. Foust: Sure, yes. We think this is going to be, really, a big benefit to our customers who are either requiring network access, customers who are carriers themselves who are ISPs, customers who are providing peering and cross connecting as we'll be able to pull more customers to them, as well as leasing more in our properties. In terms of revenue, we think that there's going to be, certainly, a material uplift, especially after we get all the infrastructure in place next year, by the end of this year and will realize in the end of the year in 2014. We haven't fully defined our product set at this point. A lot of the financial benefit will be from making our buildings much -- even more attractive to a wide range of customers, including cloud providers, infrastructure, ISPs and carriers. So it will help to ramp up our leasing activity. And we expect to be able to rent more space in our network pops, in our spaces, in our buildings. John Sarkis, I'd like John to comment on kind of the overall program and the benefits.
Michael F. Foust: Yes. I mean, the operating expense will be pretty low and on the increment, because it's spread across almost our entire, portfolio. We'll probably be -- on the capital side, we'll probably be investing somewhere around, oh, probably no more than $25 million over the next 9 months or so. But then that's -- once again, that's spread out over a very large number of buildings.
Michael F. Foust: Well, it's really for us to be able to put in the infrastructure so our current customers and new customers can more readily offer their services across our portfolio and be able to connect, have the infrastructure and to connect everyone. We're not going into the carrier business at all. And John, I'll let John comment a little more on that.
Michael F. Foust: In other words, you can get to from, hopefully, any building in our portfolio to virtually any carrier, any Meet Me Room, any cross-connect peering platforms, any cloud infrastructure provider. And in that way, should be driving more business for everyone who resides or has facilities in a Digital Realty portfolio property.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. We think there's opportunities for us in several locations in Mexico. The investment that we're making, it haven't fully closed yet, is a very small minority investment, about 8.5%, in one of our customers in Mexico City who's a metro fiber provider. And we've done work for them on data center design and project management. And what this will let us do, making a small investment, but gives us the ability to have a good lens into the growth and evolution of the Mexico market in Mexico City. Guadalajara, Monterrey, so we can have a good idea, kind of a front-row seat, if you will, on how that market is growing and where demand is for our wholesale products. So that's kind of the genesis of that initiative.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, and that's probably really kind of reflects first quarter seasonality, if you will, on deploying capital. And I think we'll generally be in line with our projections over the course of the year.
Michael F. Foust: We've had good activity. We did the Bouygues Telecommunications wireless company in -- outside of Paris and that was in December. This is the second sale-leaseback that we've done with Delta Air Lines. We're talking with other corporations as well who are interested in freeing up capital from the balance sheet so we're actually -- both in Europe and in the U.S. So it's hard to predict how many of these sorts of deals we'll be doing this year or next year, but we've certainly seen increased interest from corporate owners. That's for certain.
Michael F. Foust: Well, I think we've been seeing, certainly over the last 3 quarters, more interest, I think. As we came out of the recession and demand started to build in the second half of 2012, we're seeing companies looking at some large requirements out there that tend to be more of a build-to-suit nature and more of a custom-design nature. I think that the relative breakout this quarter between Turn-Key Flex and Custom Solution wasn't unusually large. I mean, we're dealing with a very small data set. So I think over the course of the year, it's going to even out more, where we'll be leasing more -- relatively more Turn-Key Flex space as we get further into the year. But certainly, the Custom Solutions is -- because we have the ability, the design, the project management, the engineering expertise, really gives us the ability to address a big part in the market that a lot of folks don't have ready access to with whom we compete.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. And I'll let John jump in on this. In terms of timing, we probably should've done it 2 years ago in anticipation of this growth -- great growth in cloud. And -- but we think that we have an opportunity now. We're not late, but -- and as we're seeing more and more with new data centers coming online, our customers want the ability to have a ready solution from a range of carriers and ISPs and cloud infrastructure providers. And we want to be able to present that to customers, either existing customers as well as new customers coming into new buildings. And we want have that package of services in a very organized, well-defined manner. And I'll let John embellish on those odds.
Michael F. Foust: 1 11 8, we really didn't have much of a drop. We had one customer who moved into one of our other buildings. And then we're re-leasing that. I think we've already re-leased that space. So...
Michael F. Foust: Commencing second quarter, this quarter. So yes, you just caught that building kind of in between re-leasing. So that space at 1 11 8, it's actually 100% occupied now. And in terms of mark to market, we talked about how we're seeing renewals over the next couple of years being flat on a cash basis, a very high rate. So historically high rates based on the cash uplift that we've been enjoying in the leases on average. So we think that mark to market on a GAAP basis is probably -- and this is really just a projection on my part, you're talking 5% to 10% probably, or maybe at least I would think in that case, on a GAAP basis, maybe even slightly more.
Michael F. Foust: And in terms of our China initiative, we are speaking with -- as we have been over the last couple of years, and meeting with different service providers, both managed services, network providers, cloud providers with whom we might be able to strike up a partnership. So at this point, we're still on an early, relatively early stages of the discussion, but we have targeted a couple of prospects, potentially would be good partners with us in a JV. We feel very strongly in China that to be successful, we want to be partnered with folks that are providing data center services in the marketplace and have the proper licenses for power and fiber, which is so important. So it's still relatively early days but we're definitely interested in that market. I mean, it's many markets obviously in China and probably the 3 most likely forays would be Shanghai, Beijing and Shenzhen. But we're not at a point where we have site selection or agreements drafted or anything like that.
Michael F. Foust: So a lot of it is diversification within a region or across major markets, but not necessarily going to tertiary areas, or at least based on the customer base that we're seeing growing quickly for us.
Michael F. Foust: Well, I mean we've got a lot of information in supplementals about the rolls. I mean, it's spread out across a lot of different markets. So it's hard to make a broad characterization other than, on average, we think we're in a good position broadly on the renewals and folks want and need to stay in our buildings. So it's difficult in this call to draw broad conclusions because we are in so many different markets, and as you know, we have different product types. Bill, I...
Michael F. Foust: Yes. New Jersey, it's definitely good market because you've got the financial services and many large corporations in the region. The challenge is there's a couple or 3 competitors who are very aggressive on pricing and have had challenges getting traction with their developments and thus are being aggressive in that market. So I think that's probably the market where we're seeing a little more downward push on rents, but I don't think rents are going down further. I think they stabilized probably last quarter. But there is, in that particular market, probably a couple of folks who are trying to grab market share and trying to get absorption, and they've had some challenges.
Michael F. Foust: Great. Well, thank you very much, and then thanks, everyone, for your time and good comments and questions today. And thank you to the Digital team. It's another quarter well done, and we're really excited about our Digital Realty Ecosystem. I think it's going to make -- bring a lot of value for our customers and for new customers. Thanks very much.
John Sarkis: Okay. Thank you, Mike. Yes, I guess in looking at the size of our portfolio, we have very large amount of buildings, and there's attractiveness on the wholesale and the retail side. By putting an ecosystem in place, all our buildings can accommodate both ends of the spectrum for our offering. So any new buildings that come online will automatically fall right into the ecosystem and operate seamlessly across the entire portfolio.
John Sarkis: Yes, we are not, and I like to overemphasize the word, not becoming a network provider. What we're doing is we're making it easier for carriers and service providers to deliver their services to our customers across our entire portfolio. And that is what our customers have been asking and looking for. And our carrier partners, as well as our data center industry partners there are looking for ease to navigate through our entire portfolio. And this ecosystem will provide them with the seamless cost efficient and secure environment that they look for.
John Sarkis: And that was a very good question. As you can see the evolution of the business and the market, bandwidth has created a dependency on the data center provider. It's become a much more critical component than just space and power. By providing our customers the ability to access their networks and the size of the bandwidth that they require is what the driving component here to get this rolled out as quickly as possible, though we've seen a lot of questions come in about very large bandwidth demands and structured deployment in a customized solution across our data center portfolio where we have one location would act as more as a production environment, whereas some of our other locations would act as a disaster recovery component or less critical equipment. But the two need to be tied together. So by providing this ecosystem, we will now be able to do that for our customers in a one-stop-shop format.
John Sarkis: Yes, I just like to add one thing to those comments. In when looking at a market, you have a different buildings that are gateway buildings and non-gateway buildings. We will be re-leasing the ecosystem to level the value of our portfolio buildings across the entire platform, making some of our properties much more valuable than they are outside the ecosystem. So if you're looking at a market where there are the 3 major gateway buildings and then we have a number of other buildings outside the gateway, those buildings become that much more desirable and offer the, what I mentioned earlier, the customized solution of splitting a footprint across the region and our building. I hope that answers the question.
Arthur William Stein: Rob, it's not accounting driven at this point. It's cost to capital driven. Lessees just seize an opportunity to either obtain capital less expensively from us than from their banks.
Arthur William Stein: Hey, George, I don't know that there's been a change per se other than we went to the rating agencies in the fall, and we talked to them about running the company at 5.5x versus 5x, and they were comfortable with that. And we think given the scale of the company's operations and the diversification across various verticals and tenants around the world that, that was totally appropriate. Frankly, if you look at -- where most REITs, BBB-rated REITs, run their leverage they, I think, 6 is probably more typical than 5.5. So 5.5 is still on the conservative side. We ended up at end of the quarter 5.5 but, as I said in my remarks, we very consciously did a preferred, we weren't sure whether we're going to do it at the end of the quarter or at the beginning of the second quarter, and that took the leverage back to where it was at the end of the year which was 5.2x. And because we are managed to 5.5, that doesn't mean that we won't go over occasionally. But we're targeting a 5.5x debt to EBITDA, and we think -- oh, and your question 2 is, I guess, fixed charge coverage. And our target there is to stay in the high 2s or above. And so the fixed charge did go down in the first quarter and that was primarily due to the sterling bond offering that was done in January, which had a 4 1/4% coupon.
Arthur William Stein: So Mike, relative to the earnout. The earnout is a function of both the rents achieved, the absolute rent level runs, the timing for those rents and the capital deployed to achieve those rents. So that's what goes into the formula to determine the -- whether or not it's a plus or minus. Last quarter, it was a plus. In this quarter, it's a minus. But most of the changes here are going to be accretive. But we don't consider that core. I mean, it's just -- again, it's noise and we have another 2 years and a quarter left of that. And the amount of the adjustment will -- because it's a present value calculation, the amount of the adjustment declines with the passage of time as well. So there will be less as we get closer to the end of the earnout period.
Arthur William Stein: Well, I'm not exactly sure what your question there is, Michael. I will tell you that our philosophy is to, to the extent we can, we'll put more debt against the foreign assets to provide maximum natural hedge. So -- and right now our largest market exposure is the U.K.. We're a little over 50% there. Most of the Asian countries are in the 90s right now in terms of debt as a -- local debt as a percentage of the net asset in that region. So it sounds like we might have a different philosophy than Prologis, if I understand your question correctly.
Arthur William Stein: Yes, I mean, I think in terms of broad brush, it's safe to assume that the Powered Base, as I said earlier, is going to have a pretty substantial uplift as they renew. And there's several factors that are driving that. It's not just where the rents were struck and the timing for the initial rents, but typically that was 10 -- those are 10- to 15-year initial deals, so they were some time ago. It's also because the tenants have invested significant capital in that space and have a -- and they tend to be quite sticky as a result of that. The Turn-Key rents started out at a much higher level. If it once again -- I mean, the tenants although they didn't invest in the data center infrastructure the way the Powered Base customers do, they still have significant investment in their space. And we covered this on our analyst day, relocation costs are significant even for our Turn-Key customer. And for that reason, we think it's with certain exceptions. We had one of those exceptions this quarter for a major customer that was under attack in a market where there's been some weakness. On a percentage basis, it was small overall. But with certain exceptions, we would expect that the cash rents on Turn-Key would be roughly flat on a mark-to-market basis across the portfolio regardless of region.
