Bill Stein: So, NOI, we expect that Q1 NOI will be slightly higher than the run rate at the end of Q4, but the reason that hasn’t flown through the bottom of FFO is because there is probably around $0.15 of financing costs, $0.15 per share.
Bill Stein: Hey Ross, I want to give you a little detail on the 60 bps in the 210 bps. So if you look quarter-over-quarter of the 60 bps, 100 bps of decline is due to delivering vacant inventory into our pool. There was plus 60 bps of increase in same store for new leasing and then there was a 30 bps decline due to terminations in the quarter. If you look at Q4 2013 versus Q4 2012 the 210 basis points we have an office building out in the East Bay which that’s the Ardenwood property we’ve had at base since our IPO. And we had a couple tenants leased in that period last year so we had 110 basis point decline in occupancy in 2013 because of that. Again we had vacant inventory delivered that generated 40 bps decline and then terminations delivered 50 bps decline year-over-year 30 bps of that was data center and 20 bps of that was office or non-tech.
Bill Stein: Well what’s interesting about a lot of our customers in the mid market space is they are not necessarily taking one or two cabinets, they are taking 2,000, 3,000, 4,000 square feet at a crack. So it’s we are ramping up very well because there are some really interesting requirements out there that this team is able to address in addition to our traditional large cloud and large enterprise and network customers. So we are very pleased on how far our prospect funnels built overall we’ve gone from 2 billion square feet of real prospects to over 3 million rentable square feet as we stand today.
Bill Stein: George, specifically the two states involved are California and Texas that are taxing both realty and personally. And in the third quarter, the incremental effect was 2.4 and in the fourth quarter the incremental effect was little over 3. So as Mike said, we’re appealing those and hoping to win them. And that’s net of reimbursements from our customers.
Bill Stein: Yes, so great question. Within the content world, obviously content continues to be king across all of our customers, not just the CDNs and the ISPs out there, but other providers of content and continues to be a heightened focus for us especially given the digital Open IX initiative, as well as the digital ecosystem initiatives. But within the Fortune 500, there is an uptick in activity in several verticals, energy being one of them. Inside our Q4 results we saw some impressive TKF numbers coming out of the energy vertical, incredible numbers coming out of the cloud vertical, which we talked about today on the call, continued performance out of financial services, but in the mid market in particular a new focus on smaller companies in the financial services industry who are interested in leveraging technology. But due that I’d like to sort of highlight for folks are little more complicated, but our pipeline is full with opportunities in as a mid-market space, as well as a large enterprise space in retail, where base data initiatives are really the light spot of retails’ cash performance. And then healthcare internationally not in the personal identifiable health information space, but in the diagnostic space, which is something that we didn’t necessarily anticipated, but we’re happy to find both in the U.S., as well as in Continental Europe. And if you look at G&A, we’re projecting because of our scale and our efficiencies; we are looking at G&A as a percentage of revenues as a percentage of EBITDA to stay pretty steady over the next couple of years.
Bill Stein: It’s very dramatic looking at folks in cloud, financial services, IT services are various which include cloud doing multiple market, multiple continents we’ve been very, very active in 2013 and continue to be very, very active in 2014. It is a huge differentiator for us that we are really the only folks that can provide that consistent program, consistent quality of product services, contracting across so many different markets.
Bill Stein: Let me follow-up a little bit on that, not directly responsive, but the ROA on the company as a whole on a portfolio level will also be possibly impacted by the lease up of our existing finished inventory, which is fairly significant and as we lease up datacenter shells and we add additional thoughts. We no longer have the drag on the vacant shelf space, so both of those items will contribute to an increase in ROI on the entire portfolio.
Bill Stein: You could see in the supp and I think you referenced it Dave, for the year 2013 we are showing $111.5 million and our guidance is $85 million to $90 million, so it is down.
Bill Stein: So, we’re fully built out in our, as of early February in all of our markets here in North America our major markets. We’re fully built out in London, there we have some interesting new opportunities at variable cost to add to that. And that connectivity in London goes right into the continental networks. So, essentially we have connectivity to our continental data centers today back to the major pairing points especially in Amsterdam, Paris and London. In Asia-Pac, it’s a little bit different [technology] of networks. So, we’re really focused on the international, inter market connectivity and for example between Singapore and Hong Kong, between the Sydney and the Melbourne bringing that connectivity between these markets.
Bill Stein: And I will say that in Singapore with our flagship, the property there, we’ve developed quite a bit of new metro fiber connectivity through different carriers in that market. So we have a very good network architecture now of metro carrier serving our Singapore facility.
Bill Stein: I hold that match, but we will definitely have a different mix, because we have so many different major markets and it varies quarter-by-quarter as to the particular market mix in any particular quarter.
Bill Stein: We haven’t closed on that contribution yet Tayo, we expect to do that by the end of the first quarter and I would rather not comment on the cap rate at which it is being contributed till after we closed.
Bill Stein: Well that’s correct, at least in the case of the U.S. dollar -- we have U.S. dollar bond deal in our planning and we have the swap lock expires basically July ‘15 so we would do something in the mid June to mid July timeframe to make sure that hedges appropriately effective. We would do either a sterling or preferred I suspect sometime from mid March until or blacked out in early April so that would the window for that financing assuming the markets are open and conducive. And then the final financing it could be then, it could midyear or just could be towards the end of the third quarter and that’s going to be really a function of markets.
Bill Stein: Sure, okay. With respect to the financing, we’re assuming and again this is all subject to change based on markets. But we are assuming a preferred and a Sterling offering in the first quarter essentially. And then the U.S. dollar deal as I said would be midyear since where we’ve hedged it. In terms of -- and I think you’re looking for amounts to, so for preferred we are assuming upwards of $300 million of Sterling debt, $480 million and U.S. dollar bond deal $250 million. So, that’s our best estimate today. But again, that could change. And then you’ve asked for NAV….
Bill Stein: Right now all of the new capital is going to pay down the revolver. That is obviously are very modest rate, (inaudible) so that’s where the dilution is. And then revolver has been taken up over the course of the year as we complete our construction program which is what’s in the -- was about in the guidance.
Bill Stein: Right. So there is about $26 million of increase in annualized NOI growth from Q3 to Q4. There is $14 million increase in NOI in the fiscal year ‘14 backlog. There is $500 million plus of CIP related asset value. And that’s really the upside potential slide that we’ve presented and then there is a $300 million increase in debt which would obviously from the NAV.
Mike Foust: Well, and this is Mike. And on one hand, the financings are occurring later than we had anticipated. And we’re also being conservative in our outlook since it is early in the year.
Mike Foust: No, we expect leasing was higher on Investor Day than it is today obviously, because we leased up a lot of space in the fourth quarter.
Mike Foust: Sure. What’s interesting to note that while we had a slight tick down in occupancy overall, if you look at the amount of space that’s leased in the portfolio, it continues to go up every quarter. So we have had occupied square-footage of 19.8 million overall this fourth quarter compared with the previous quarter of 19.55 million. So we’re bringing on more space and as that’s inventory so that inventory goes into your denominator and then as that space gets leased up we will increase our percentage occupancy. So, the good news is we continue to have net positive leasing and we’ve never had more occupied space than today. And so we expect that we will start catching up and continue to absorb that existing inventory we mentioned earlier and that will raise that occupancy.
Mike Foust: We are kind of looking at, I will let Bill jump in. And if you compare the 12 months ended on the RNM item, we are looking at 86 million versus 88 million. So it’s very close. 
Mike Foust: We discussed the property taxes on the last call, where we’re actively pursuing against the assessments, appealed against the assessments, so what happened in both Texas and California, we believe that we’re being charged twice for property tax and having property taxes included in the real estate tax. So not only are we -- assess value, so not only are we getting taxed twice, our tenants are getting taxed for the personal property and then us getting taxed again as real estate, which is not correct. And so, we are actively appealing those. But you have to pay them until you go back and get those. And we’re pretty confident that we’re going to be successful, but you have to go through as you can appreciate a long process and those appeals, again so we perceive and our tenants perceive as double counting if you will.
Mike Foust: Sure. As to Yahoo, that product in our competitor is very different from our POD 3.0 architecture. So, it’s very much of shared back claim for the power train or UPS and panels and electrical switchgear and also HVAC is not as modular as with our POD 3.0. So, our customers historically, and this is true in Ashburn as well, they really strongly desire the fully dedicated, UPS dedicated power and cooling. So that’s a huge product differentiator for us. We don’t believe that this sublease face will have much of an impact at all on our customers; And I think that’s -- and the customers we’re pursuing, and I think that’s reflected in the current good funnel of prospected tenants that we have. Comcast is growing tremendously, as we can -- even before their merger announcements. And we’re seeing quite a bit of business that we’ve been the beneficiary of from Comcast. They are very big customer for Digital Realty. And we see them and their subsidiaries growing and hopefully growing with us quite actively. The kind of issues around net neutrality are probably inevitable as we need more and more bandwidth, we see Netflix is entering into agreement recently with Comcast, and I just read yesterday where they’re negotiating with other large carriers like AT&T and Verizon. So that appears to be an important trend in order to deliver low latency, very high quality customer consumer experience as we want more and more gaming, content, films, TV shows et cetera over broadband.
Mike Foust: In our conservative view, we’re looking at incremental income from commencements in the low 60s millions, annualized obviously that would be much higher.
Mike Foust: I’ll let Matt jump in. It’s been a tremendous boon. I mean it really has changed the landscape. Our buildings are already well connected by networks and now with the network ecosystem in place in all this major markets, we are able to provide a whole another level of connectivity and interconnection for our customers. And we are seeing in virtually every market customers utilizing that or we’ve got the metro providers utilizing it to deliver lift services to our customers. In fact I just came from London last week and we’ve already sold 23 pairs of dark fiber to customers and virtually every new customer in the London and connecting to Europe markets are taking dark fiber with us. So, it’s been a tremendous addition.
Mike Foust: So, we do see a good uptick in repeat performance. If you look at the fourth quarter numbers in the details of who we lease to, we’re very happy with what we call multisite customers. We anticipate that will increase, I don’t have concrete data on the exact share of wallet that we have in each one of those accounts, but our focus during 2013 was expanding that share of wallet and actually targeting on the front side enterprises that had international growth ambitions and or even domestic growth ambitions outside of their headquarters activity. So, multisite for us is one of the competitive differentiators because we have a 130 plus properties and we’re in 33 markets throughout the world. When we target customers that have multisite opportunities we do much better.
Mike Foust: So, I would say that we’re pretty well stabilized across the domestic markets. And we’re seeing very good pricing in Asia-Pac markets today. So I would say staying stabilized in the European market even at this point. I mean we’re not seeing blips up and down, Asia-Pac continues to be extremely strong.
Mike Foust: Yes. And Phoenix is going pretty well. We had a lot of leasing early last year we had kind of a quite period the last of couple of quarters and now the pipeline of prospects that we’re pursuing actively has grown pretty significantly.
Mike Foust: We are pretty pleased what we have been achieving. Certainly overall, if you look the leasing in the last quarter, so we are looking at stabilized returns between 11.5%, so we are on average and that’s unlevered that’s based on projections for the individual leases. So we look at this lease-by-lease look fully loaded. Certainly as the mix expands in Asia-Pac that will increase. And I think as we see kind of the more stabilized situations and we are fully implemented in POD 3.0 which is a very efficient way to construct, while we have flexibility that adapt for different customer requirements. We are coming in at pretty good price on this brand new round of projects. So I think that combination will put some upward pressure on yields.
Mike Foust: Well it’s somewhat of a reduction from what we invested in the properties in 2013, and these are wide range of improvements replacing windows, replacing roofs, elevators adding UPS, additional UPS and additional capacity to buildings, those kinds of upgrades so it’s a wide range of activities at the properties that are non-recurring and either adding more space or replacing items like windows and roofs and elevators et cetera.
Mike Foust: Generally speaking, the large majority of our business is Turn-Key, I mean that really is -- not exclusively, but I would say 80% to 90% of our leasing is fully fitted out Turn-Key data center space. And that’s both the TKF in the custom. So the customs often has other ancillary facilities like office space and testing space along with it. So I think it is safe to say that 80% to 90% of our base building development is going ultimately toward Turn-Key. If you look at the Turn-Key in custom that’s under construction now that’s data center construction, 79.4% as we say is leased currently over 550,000 feet. And so we’ll continue as we continue to build out POD 3.0’s pod by pod that will be built out in these base buildings and continue to add to that finish inventory.
Mike Foust: And Jonathan, the connectivity in particular in Asia-Pacific is coming as a result of customer requirements first and foremost. So again my comments about Sydney and in particular Melbourne as well as needs in Singapore and Hong Kong are really sort of developed directly from customer requirement. It had been the plan on digital ecosystem to make sure that Asia-Pac was covered to this fiscal year and we’re blessed to be able to do that at the same time that we’ve got customer request asking for that connectivity.
Mike Foust: Yes. So like I said as I take a look at current fiscal year forward looking pipeline I saw healthy pricing power in each of our markets but regionally there is pricing differential. So we need to keep that in mind but I didn’t see a disturbing trend in any of the major markets we’re involved with.
Mike Foust: Yes, so going in was a 9 with the debt restructuring because to make it more efficient for the JV, that cause turns it into an 8. And then…
Mike Foust: Just to be, it is not a hire. We have engaged Wayne, he has a firm here in San Francisco. And so we have engaged his firm. And he is going to, I think basically significantly upgrade our corporate information system. A few thing in portfolio reporting area right now basically the back half of itself that you see, a lot of that is excel based and our expectation is that data will be pooled from Yardi, which is the automated economic system that we use and use to populate the back half of that report. And in addition some of that data will be summarized on a very frequent basis to provide real time management to exports for the executive team and the board.
Mike Foust: Well it starts the first quarter of this year. And at least over the course of this year the lowest amount of capitalized interest would be in the fourth quarter.
Matt Miszewski: Yes, this is -- thanks Jordan for the question. This is Matt Miszewski, happy to give you an update. We have added since the Q3 call all three of the mid market vice presidents and their staff and so we will have additions of the 15 sales assets in all of the relevant markets from a mid market perspective. So we see as though we are very close to fully staffed in the mid market space for 2014, again, we’ve got a three year target in terms of hiring rents. So there will be some additional work to be done in 2015 and 2016. But we are very close to fully staffed on the mid market side from a staffing perspective. In terms of total pipeline, I think that I am comfortable with a number of dynamics in the mid market space coming off of a very strong $7 million plus mid market performance in Q4, I am pretty satisfied with the positioning of the pipeline coming in to the last month of Q1 to be able to hit our goals from a mid market perspective and I am also very satisfied right now with where the rates are looking for both the mid market space as well as large enterprise space not just for this quarter but for the balance of fiscal year ‘14.
Matt Miszewski: Steve, this is Matt Miszewski. We’ve been very involved with obviously both Comcast and Netflix as well as the number of other content distribution networks and other providers of content. So, the Comcast, Netflix business terms were interesting. I believe that the market from time-to-time confuses what’s going on with Comcast, Netflix as a net neutrality conversation. And it’s a little bit different if you look at the actual terms of the agreement. But the one thing that it does point out is that when content providers are looking for purring arrangements, they’re looking to get out of a current set of situations that they are with the current proprietary internet exchanges that exist which highlight sort of the new Open IX initiatives starting up amongst the country in Northern America. So, we don’t think that the Comcast, Netflix business arrangement signals anything with regard to net neutrality that’s concerning but it does signal a move towards the more open internet exchange.
Matt Miszewski: Yes. And Jonathan, throughout -- we got an early start in the European market with regard to network ecosystem but also throughout 2013 in North America have primarily finished connecting up the campuses internally, connecting the campuses together. I can tell you from a sales perspective, it takes one of the concerns away from our customers in terms of easy network connectivity and then on the bottom line, it has a demonstrative impact on opportunities in the pipeline right now where customers are comparing two properties, one that is connected by digital ecosystem and one that’s not which has a multi-million dollar effect under total cost ownership. So the ecosystem process in Northern America and definitely the ecosystem process in Europe have both been tailwinds to the leasing process.
Matt Miszewski: Yes. Vincent this is Matt. I did, I pull the report daily to make sure we’re on track and I look at our current fiscal year pipeline numbers in terms of pricing power and compared to the 2013 across the board and what I can characterize it is I was pleased at the result of the data that I called, now this is pipeline data so it’s certainly as we get into the negotiation process I fully expect that the pricing I am currently seeing in the pipe will constraint it’s up a little bit but even given that understanding I am very happy with where the pricing is today and given our past performance where we expect that to lend, we’ll get in leases.
Matt Miszewski: Yes. Vincent, we have a number of prospects that we’re pursuing in [Chickie] and Chandler in Phoenix currently and I don’t see any pricing trends that give me a great deal of concern in any of those deals that we’re chasing in Q1, Q2 and Q3.
