Andy Power: Yes, Nick. So – I mean, we all – we’re always trying to take a holistic approach to these relationships. And as you see from our top customer list, our largest customers can be with 20, 30, 40, 50 different locations. At the same time, the pricing is dynamic to overall supply/demand dynamics. And as inventory in various markets become more and more precious, we’ve seen that pendulum pricing move in our favor. We try to be straight shooters with the customer. We try to bring all the – everything to the table in a holistic fashion. We’ve done this before in terms of bringing renewals and new business, expansions, all-in-one holistic approach. And I think this is not new. These are – these big hyperscale customers are seeing cost of doing business going up. Many of them self build themselves and see inflation in construction costs or labor. So I think the understanding that the pricing dynamic is shifting a little bit towards the providers is playing out in a natural fashion.
Andy Power: And then, Jon, just around your second question about call it competition from private back, one, that’s not a new phenomenon. We’ve been competing against private players for some time now and the ones that have been taken private they’ve been private for, call it, multiple years for some of them. I think what’s changed is the ability to deliver this business for our customers has just gotten harder and harder, and at a global scale. And whether it’s power, constraints, staffing, supply chains – and certainly, cost and access to capital has certainly not been a friend of some of our competitors. And I think our largest customers in the hyperscale arena turn to us given our permanence in our space. We’re not here, gone tomorrow, we’ve invested for the long run, we’re future-proofing that growth, we’re constantly building for that growth with our suppliers and I think all those things probably make it leave a little bit more advantageous versus some of those private bank names in an environment like today.
Andy Power: Thanks, Jon. I mean, we do an incredibly granular market-by-market assessment here. So, it really depends on the market and the relative risk fee rates and risk premiums. I would just by and large, and this is not something that just showed up in our approach this quarter, three quarters ago almost, we basically took a posture that we need to raise the bar on capital allocation and prioritize our most strategic projects, call it, highest return, not only highest return, but also projects to generate the high long-term growth as well. So I don’t have a single number answer to get – to give you there, but I think you will see that come through our development returns at table as those numbers are inching into higher territory, and I can tell you more strategic long-term growth projects.
Andy Power: So Mike, a good outcome is we essentially get the, call it, $2 billion of funding completed and the range is wide, but the majority of that capital, the range is not that wide. The wide range is due to some of the noncore asset sales as well as the development, which is, call it, 25% of the $2 billion, right? But if you look at the majority, the 75%, which is stabilized joint ventures or development, development, those were zero yielding projects. On stabilized joint ventures, I think, the cap rates are in the low single-digit type category based on what we’re seeing called six-ish type territory. And I think that’s based on not what we see externally by third-party transactions. What we’ve seen on recent transactions with partners that we can recapitalize with our portfolio and through our progress on these capital recycling and joint venture efforts. Holistically, more longer term here, we are looking to become more balance sheet efficient. What’s not new is, call it, finishing out the noncore dispose, what’s not new is joint venturing majority states in stabilized hyperscale-oriented projects that have lower long-term growth rates due to the credit quality and size of the customers, be it through rent bumps or pricing power. What is new is sharing a piece of both of our North America and EMEA development as it relates to hyperscale projects. And we’re doing that with a view that these projects keep getting larger, and larger and larger. That non-income producing drag it remains a headwind, even though it is a significant long-term value creation. And we believe there is ample partners to work with us on those projects which will ultimately make our balance sheet more efficient and more rapidly accelerate revenue and EBITDA drop into our bottom line.
Andy Power: The simple answer, Michael, is we’re looking to partner around large-scale development projects where there will be incremental spend that we and our partner will jointly fund over time. So that it will – we’re looking for – these are large projects, large swaths of acreage, large quantities and megawatts. Hence, the quality of capital or spend is not the entirety or near the entirety of where the project ultimately will be over time. So they would fund alongside us through the coming quarters.
Andy Power: So Michael, I mean, again, I think this ties back to the first three strategic priorities I laid out in the prior call about really strengthening – demonstrably strengthening our customer value proposition. We took advantage of this call to remind folks that this is not something we started with me becoming the CEO four months ago. This is something that’s been in the works for roughly eight years through both inorganic and organic measures, putting together critical puzzle pieces, expanding across the globe in terms of where the customers need our capacity, adding connectivity hubs and innovating and bringing more to our customers, adding – we’ve changed up our go-to-market motion over time. What we go from here is, again, accelerating from that success. A piece of that – delighted to have Steve Smith on board to lead our essentially newly created Americas region. Steve comes with a tremendous background of really driving the – one of the only U.S.-only focused interconnection and colo platforms in a prior – previously a very formidable competitor. And I think he’s going to be very added to that our team, our leadership table. The incremental things that we’re doing in terms of continuing to innovate and bring more value to our customers. Chris touched upon ServiceFabric, which I still would characterize as just out of the bar in terms of where we’re going in terms of bringing more partners onto that platform, and drilling more value to our customers. We are – there’s a whole host of things that I’d say we’re doing behind the scenes to continue to accelerate our growth. And I think the fruits of our labor are continuing to build each and every quarter in terms of success. So I think there’s multiple angles that we are moving towards in that endeavor to be one of a very short list of global interconnection colo providers. And I think the industry demands and the broader competitive backdrop are also our wins at our sales.
Andy Power: Yes. Frank, I’d direct you to our development table to follow, see the progression of yields. There’s – I would say the yields are improving in our favor. The pricing dynamic is outpacing the inflationary pressures. It’s not an overnight phenomenon, but we are moving into a better territory. I mean, you can look at episodic things like Ashburn, Virginia, where quite frankly, the rates have pretty much doubled in a pretty short time from deals in the, call it, low $70s to now call it, market rates of, call it, $140, and that’s flowing to the bottom line and enhancing those deals dramatically. So I think that table is a work in progress in our sub because it’s got a lot of pre-leasing, some of which was signed prior to some of this price progression. But as we continue to add more projects to that, that they are not pre-leased or we fill out the leasing on the available capacity, I think there’s ability to raise those yields. And I would also say the North America piece of that has a large project in it that is an open book build-to-suit to a very highly rated financial institution on a triple net lease basis. So it’s an apple to the oranges there in a good way. It’s been dramatically derisked in terms of its build and in terms of its ongoing revenue and EBITDA stream at the same time, lowering our Americas yields.
Andy Power: I would say, I mean, it’s a new phenomenon in terms of recent history of the data centers, which is still, I’d call a nascent asset class, but we are seeing it. If you look at, call it, our less than a megawatt signings, either the Americas region or EMEA region where there’s critical consistent massive new signings, the rates have been up, call it, four quarters in a row. And that example I gave you, in Ashburn, Virginia, from rates going from $70 plus E [ph] to $140 plus E. That is quite a run. And I know I’m picking out one particular market there, an example, but it is the largest and most diverse market out there, our largest market as well. And it’s flanks the East Coast with a power constraint problem, but the West Coast is having the same low with Santa Clara now having power constraints to likely outpace when power comes online in Virginia. And I think this phenomenon is going to continue in other parts of the world, not just the U.S. And I think you’re going to continue to see those rates move more and more favor. David, I know you’re a student of the traditional real estate asset classes. I mean, it was a good 20 years where industrial had no rate growth before it’s had the renaissance that’s been experienced in the last few years. And I’m not saying that that’s going to happen to data centers, but it feels like we’re teeing ourselves up way for a healthier pricing environment for the incumbents.
Andy Power: Yes, if you look at our financials, we’ve got a sizable amount of contiguous land capacity and available power that’s committed to us outside of these, call it, zones of disruption. But longer term, eventually we will exhaust that and you could have that phenomenon. At the same time, when you’re doing business at twice the rates, you have to sell half the kilowatts in certain markets. So, I’m not sure that the top-line pacing on our new signings will be all that disrupted near term based on what we have in this table in terms of capabilities and estimated power. But I agree with you this assessment and it’s going to continue. The other thing I’d emphasize is, we’re actively managing our platform and our capabilities, and we’re essentially always looking to reproductize for higher, better use when applicable. So if we have churn, which this is not a totally static business, it provides opportunity to release that capacity at higher rate opportunities and often higher better uses towards some granular enterprise colocation oriented customers. And on a big company like digital, you probably don’t see that. It’s not top of the waves, but that’s happening in terms of how we manage our footprint.
Andy Power: Thanks, Matt. I’m going to have Greg tackle the first one and then Sharp and I can both tackle the second one.
Andy Power: Thanks Eric. And we touched a little bit on this in the prepared remarks. The good news is that the powers that be in the region are sorting out ways to bring incremental power to the region by 2026. I think the – from there, I think you’ll see a much more rational providing power to that market. And I do think it’s going to move ourselves to be our history and track record of working in that region is going to keep us top of queue when power becomes more freely. Between now and then we – last quarter, had a good fortune having worked with the local providers to be able to deliver on all of our customer commitments, which is fantastic. We do believe that we will be able to bring on incremental growth capacity in this market between now and 2026 through called some development as well as some churn. We are working through all the resources we have in terms of excess power at sites, customers that may not be using their suites and be able to go to spare some capacity. So I don’t have a fine point of the quantity, but I don’t believe our shelves at Digital will be bearing, and we will be able to support our customers. Certainly our colocation customers and some of our hyperscale customers we’ll be able to grow with Digital in Ashburn in the coming years. And then as we get a finer point on the quantities probably in lockstep with leasing in that capacity, we’ll certainly be happy to share. In terms of spillover effect, the spillover is real. Manassas, I think is front center of a spillover market to the Loudoun County pinch point. I would say that’s – we’ve seen the greatest spillover effect. But there’s always potential some of the non-Northern Virginia markets will continue to but at auction. But I don’t think – I don’t see anyone packing their wagons and leaving Ashburn due to this. I think the momentum has been building for years, and it’s called out escape velocity in terms of its criticality to the data center industry and its customers.
Andy Power: Thank you, Andrea. Digital Realty is off to a strong start to the year. Our results demonstrate that our value proposition is resonating with customers which was confirmed by our record interconnection signings, continued strength in the 0-1 megawatt category and strong new logo additions. We expect that our operating momentum will continue through the year and the steps we are taking will further accelerate our progress. We also remain confident in our funding plan, and I look forward to updating you with further developments on this front at the appropriate time. We are very excited to bring together our customers and partners on May 24th and 25th at our Marketplace Live 2023 event. The theme this year is the crossroads of the digital world, the data meeting place. The entire digital realty community from around the world will come together virtually to network, gain inspiration and bring their digital strategies to life. Please join us, you can register at marketplacelive.com. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us today and say a special thank you to our hard working and exceptional team and Digital Realty to help keep the digital world running. Thank you.
