Andrew Power: Thanks, Jon. So if you look at our development life cycle, it kind of lays it out region by region, and it has called, let's say, starts with a, call it, just $3.8 billion of, call it, approved projects. And that includes all the leases signed during the last quarter as well as some projects that are not leased because it's only 60% pre-leased, roughly. If you kind of break that down over the next, call it, 5 quarters, you're spending about $2.7 billion of that. Again, that is not all contractual spend. Only a portion of that is tied to customer contracts. So if you exclude the, call it, assumptive or speculative spend, you call it closer to $2 billion. The $3 billion of liquidity I mentioned, that includes, call it, really 2 parts, $1.7 billion of cash and revolver capacity and then $1.2 billion of the undrawn equity forward and new U.S. dollar term loan commitments in hand. So that total just about $3 billion of contractual committed committee liquidity right now. That is everything we have at this minute. We're also continuing with our normal game plan of noncore dispositions, call it $1.5 billion over several quarters as well as joint ventures on core holdings. So we feel pretty good about being able to fund this attractive growth for our customers.
Andrew Power: I would parse those in 2 topics and, I'd say, coincidentally look like they're connected. What the long -- the extended book-to-bill really was our largest transaction was with a large multinational financial services customer. It's been in the works for -- really since the very beginning of this year. It's across 4 different locations. It's incredible. It's very flatter to be part of their digital transformation, which is really going to cloud in a hybrid IT fashion. And given those projects are literally at land stage, we're designing to their specifications. That is what's extending that out. And if you carve those 4 transactions with that customer out, you really had a normal book-to-bill cycle. I think I'll let Bill comment on what he referenced in terms of, call it, what we're seeing in terms of the business in terms of some elongated sales cycle though.
Andrew Power: And just not to leave you without any numbers in terms of rate or growth increases. I mean the ranges are pretty wide, but it's anywhere from called low mid-single digits to some -- definitely some outliers that are in the teens at the very least. I think the overall pricing environment is probably even more relevant to the heart of your question, though. We are continuing to see improving pricing power across our platform, whether it's in our, let's call it, less than megawatt enterprise colocation footprint. We're, I'd say, call it, 10% to 15% sequential pricing changes in many markets and also seeing similar type of increases in the larger plus than a megawatt as well. In relation to your second question, I mean, big kudos to the Digital Realty Finance Capital Markets team, I mean, really call it staying nimble and acting fast in a volatile environment and really bringing together, call it, what is the $2 billion of capital in, call it, 60 days. We've also been tapping into call it incremental FX hedgings, given the more volatile FX world and a more global business. And we've been able to, call it, get our cost of capital, call it, roughly 3%. Let don't I'm not sure that's a permanent number where we go from here. We've had, call it, the most rapid increase in the U.S. Treasury in 40 years or Fed funds rates in 40 years. But we're definitely using all the tools in our toolkit to maximize those menu of options and drive down the cost of our capital.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Dave. Maybe I'll take them in reverse order because I think the second question ties a little bit into your first question. So as a broader reminder, literally, I think it was 90 days ago to the day, we got the, call it, the newer news from Dominion on the pinch point in Eastern Loudon County on power deliveries. I can tell you we're a regular dialogue with the power company on a path forward. But I would say also that the essence of the initial messaging remains intact that there's just going to be significantly less power provided to ongoing development in this region until 2026. The feedback we've received is that 2026, which should be back to more normal practices. So this is not a permanent thing. It's due to transmission not generation, and that's what they've expressed to us. But between now and then, it's going to be less supply in the biggest highest -- consistently high demand market. What that means and what we're seeing, and I alluded to it earlier is that the pricing power pendulum is shifting back towards us. And it's nice to be I believe, the largest incumbent, we call it, 500 megawatts of in-place capacity and just under, I think, 200 call it, coming due contractually expiration wise in the next 3 years. The -- we -- when it comes to available capacity, we're -- we've sold quite well in that market. We probably in hindsight, I wish we didn't do so well, but who knew this was going to come. I don't think any market participants really expected this. We do -- ourselves are not completely bearing and we do have a 200-megawatt parcel in Manassas that is to date in unaffected zone that -- which is really nice to have in times like this. And while I cannot guarantee it right now, I think we're optimistic that the responsible parties in Loudon will work with Digital to deliver on behalf of those customers that have signed contracts to grow with us and are sitting in our backlog. Turning to your second question. The pricing power pendulum again, I think, is continuing to move in the favor of the providers given that demand has been robust for so long, and the outlook is looking to be -- continue to be such and the supply has just been absorbed. You pointed out the 15%, which is like less than a megawatt piece of our exploration schedule. I mean that's -- in times like these, when prices are moving your friend, it's nice to have more bites at the apple to continue to ensure commensurate value is generated for our contracts. So I feel that is usually our most network dense sticky portion that consistently on the front end of our exploration schedules. I feel pretty darn good about that in terms of not only retention but price action. And I think even the PC didn't mention in the larger the megawatt, I think that my commentary around Northern Virginia and other tightening markets, I think, will also continue this trend of more positive cash releasing spreads, which were positive in the first 2 quarters this year and remain positive on a full year basis for 2022.
Andrew Power: So we'll do a reverse and I'll hit the currency and interest rates and then we can talk to pitch over to Corey about, call it, expectations on signings for, call it, the next several quarters. The -- I mean, based on where we're seeing the currencies, I would say, especially precipitated by, I think, the activity in the sterling -- the British sterling pound over the last several, I still believe currencies will remain somewhat of a headwind in '23 relative to 2022. I don't think that's a permanent fixture. But based on the pace of, call it, governmental base rate increases and the currency differentials. So we haven't put that together nor the interest rate, call it, headwind. The interest rate one is -- excuse me, I should say, FX is going to be less of a headwind than my gut for 2023 than 2022. I mean we're just absorbing, call it, 400 basis points. So I would -- I don't have the exact number, but I don't see it being even half of that in the end of the day in the next year, unless you literally have the euro and the pound literally dropped another 30% over the next 12 months. Interest rates, we have called 80-plus percent of our debt is fixed rate. We obviously saw last quarter looking to access capital across various markets and various currencies that align with our asset and revenue base to essentially buck some of the interest rate trend. But I mean, I think a good proxy is if you look at, call it, the quantity of our floating rate debt and you apply what the expected software increases over the next 12 months, that's probably going to be a ballpark in terms of headwinds on a year-over-year basis, Mike. In terms of -- I'll turn it back to Corey to how we're thinking about the range of outcomes on new signings.
Andrew Power: Sure. Thanks, Eric. So the -- so we have numerous risk mitigations when it comes to our development and construction, which includes our vendor management inventory program, you mentioned other supplier contracts. At a more local level, bundling our projects with GCs and subcontractors. So when you put that all together in the current backdrop environment and we look at, call it, the next batch, which will be projects probably more back half of '23 into '24. On a fully -- including all baked into the whole basis of the project, we're still estimating that our costs are, call it, in the mid- to high single-digit-ish type of potential increase. Based on current outlook, and you touched a little bit on the supply/demand dynamic, we believe that the rate of rate growth will outpace that or at least hold firm that our yields will hang in there and not be degradated by that inflationary impact. And that's something we're working day in and day out to keep focused on and working with our great vendors around the world on. When it comes to pricing power, when it comes to capital intensity, I would just echo really what Bill said at the outset of this call that in the last several months, the world has become more volatile. The capital markets have become more challenged. The talk of a looming recession, the war in Eastern Europe has continued, and we're raising the bar at Digital when it comes to focus on our strategic priorities. And we obviously have an incredible pipeline of projects. We have probably one of the most distinguished land banks and runways for our customers. But I think there is a scenario very likely where we could spend a little bit less on speculative development. And because we're focused on projects that are delivering on those strategic priorities and delivering the highest risk-adjusted returns.
Andrew Power: We didn't share much on Teraco and I'll start with that, and then we hand it to Greg to talk about both of your questions. Having spent some time down in region with the Teraco team, I think we're even more pleased with the incredible addition to our global platform, not only in terms of the most highly connected destinations across South Africa but we're a really fantastic team delivering on behalf of their customers, our customers and really growing that platform. I apologize, we did -- we obviously consolidated Teraco into our financials, but we did not roll them out into all the stats given we just closed and call it the middle of August. That's coming in a quarter's time. So please be patient with us on that. But I'll give it to Greg to maybe speak to take your questions.
Andrew Power: And then, Aryeh, before I get to your question, I just want to apologize, I misspoke in answering Matt's question, we had 2 months, not 1.5 months of the Teraco. Those numbers I quoted you in our financials. So just want to clean that one up. So as I mentioned before, the cash mark to markets have been moving in our favor for, call it, since we turned into 2022. And I would say, been strengthening along the way, and you saw that in our numbers, and you saw that in our guidance. That being said, as I've said before, we're not going to be universally at this minute without any negative market across any different product in any given quarter. I think the driver of the negative $8.8 million actually was a data center -- a one-off data center we acquired a couple of years back in Chicago. That customer's contract was in place. It was above market at the time. The markets scribed not caught up to when it rolled. I think the more strategic and important story about that asset is that the -- we literally just greenlight the conversion of some of the shelf space into growing our colo footprint in the suburbs of Chicago, which has been a really great success more recently. To go on to your question on, call it, I think it's bigger deals, price action in just the past year, not our biggest deal that I mentioned, which is the called build-to-suit. But I think our second biggest deal, which was a sizable plus megawatt deal. That transaction in North America signed and caught almost 18% net effective rates higher than a similar size transaction did, call it, a year prior. And the remaining space in that actually facility is probably being marketed up another 10%, 15%. Now we have an in that remaining space. So you're seeing a quick reversal in some of these markets where, again, demand is continually is robust and diverse, and the supply is being windled down.
Andrew Power: Thanks, David. So first off, CPI was a predominant term, I would say, mostly in our European footprint, even before inflation was such a buzzword. Hence -- and that's the majority of, call it, just under 20% of our in-place contracts that have CPI escalations. We've been, call it, in the face of the current environment, making this a priority in our customer discussions. And it's not -- we're seeking that on larger contracts as well as -- larger contracts as well as smaller contracts. I would tell you, on a smaller contract, that already likely had a shorter duration, i.e., 2 years, 3 years, it's probably a little bit less a priority because you get another bite at the apple depending on the market rates. But we're trying to push it into those contracts. But if you look at our signings, we had a record quarter, 176 and 40% had CPI escalation. Some of them had capped or, call it, 2% or 3% on the floor and call it, 5% or 6% on the cap. But we were able to include in a significant percentage of our greater than 1 megawatt signings this CPI escalation. And those look greater than 1 megawatt science are typically the longest conference call it, 10 years. Hence, where it's the most needed because we won't get another opportunity to reset to the appropriate market rates for a fair bit of time. When it goes to NOVA spillover Dallas, Portland, I don't think -- our activity -- I would not describe our activity as spillover activity. The Dallas activity, a good portion of that was this build-to-suit customer demand. That customer picked -- they wanted multiple cities, so they're always going to pick not just NOVA. And then the Portland demand was very, call it, locational sensitive. I do think you -- and this is a -- I mean you don't typically buy data centers like rushing to the grocery store and grab some of the shelf and run into the checkout. So in the last 90 days, when this NOVA power issues come on the scene, I think the spillover effects are still playing out as we speak. I would say we see more of the early interest of spillover effects to, call it, Atlanta where we have, call it, almost 30-megawatt shell capacity, Northern New Jersey, potentially Chicago. Dallas could be in the mix as well. But -- as well as -- I mean, nearby spillover tech in Manassas, we have 200 megawatts.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Michael. I think we saved the best for last. So happy to take through both these. So the -- I think the customers are obviously alarmed, right? Most of these customers probably never experienced anything like this. But at the same time, I think they're incredibly grateful that they're in our hands and not some upstart competitor. And I know I'm biased in saying that, but I really mean it when. We're the largest in the market with a diverse set of campuses, of, call it, 0.5 gig of IT load and a truly experienced team holding their hands through it. And I'll reiterate what I said before, while I cannot guarantee it right now, we are optimistic that the responsible parties in Loudon will work with Digital to deliver on behalf of all of these customers. As it relates to your second question, we are -- obviously, the leverage has ticked up a little bit here. We are -- this is not a new normal. This is not where we desire to be. We've had a lot of moving parts in our capital stack with asset sales, joint ventures, acquisition closings with partial periods. We still have, call it, $0.5 billion of equity forward, which we've not drawn down. And we see a path to return to target leverage through leasing up our vacant capacities. We had -- you saw the occupancy, which was a great stack, really moving the needle on a sequential basis. We are seeing a more friendly mark-to-market in our cash flows. And we're going to do what we've been doing for a long time, which is capital recycling and tapping into our private capital sources. We sold billions of dollars of noncore assets and joint ventures. And that's going to continue to be our playbook. And we think there's a great lineup of partners that want to work with us to call it, CR leverage to be a capital partner to Digital Realty. That will bring that leverage back down towards target levels.
Arthur Stein: It's a little bit elongated, Jon. But as Andy said, if you were to strip out the 4 build-to-suits that are in this quarter, the effect on the book-to-bill this quarter would be minimal.
Arthur Stein: So sharpening the lens, I think practically, what you'll see is, over time, higher returns from the deals that we do and lower returning assets or investments dropping out of the mix. That's the practical implication. So obviously, it's more complicated than that because we look at risk-adjusted returns. We look at what return should be in any given market, what type of -- whether it's a build-to-suit or a speculative development, how much preleasing there is, whether there's any magnetic attributes to the customer. But in general, I think you'll see over time, higher yields.
Arthur Stein: Thank you, Andrea. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the third quarter, as outlined on the last page of our presentation. First, digital transformation remains an important secular driver of our business and drove record quarterly bookings. These additional commitments are reflected in our growing development pipeline and the high level of preleasing. Second, we continue to enhance our global platform with the closing of Teraco, giving Digital Realty the leading position in South Africa and a critical complement to our existing capabilities elsewhere in EMEA. Third, we continue to execute with improving results in our core data center business, though these improvements are masked by foreign exchange headwinds. Finally, the capital markets are very -- were very volatile in the third quarter, and we've taken action by adding significant liquidity to our balance sheet and prioritizing our new investments. Before signing off, I'd like to thank our dedicated and exceptional team here at Digital Realty, who keep the digital world turning. I hope all of you will remain safe and healthy, and we look forward to seeing many of you at Nareit next month in San Francisco. Thank you.
