Bill Stein: Thanks, John. We are seeing some effects on the supply chain. Clearly, most of the equipment is strained in terms of availability, including data center infrastructure, servers and network gear, and shortages in things like chips and fans are impacting many industries, not just ours. Our VMI program, the vendor-managed inventory program, utilizes our knowledge and market way to overcome some of these disruptions. I believe that we’re the gold standard for managing vendors and for forecasting. And this gives us priority for production slots with our suppliers. This program has allowed us to reduce lead times by an average of 70% versus standard. Increased – we increased the VMI pool when COVID hit. So, I think we’re pretty well prepared for the current disruptions. And we’re evaluating the program to expand it even further to better support our programs. Steel, aluminum and copper is also rising, which affects some fit-out by cages and cabinets. This is only – this really only comes into play though, for projects that are scheduled for completion in the next six to 12 months. And in those cases, we’re working closely with our customers to order gear early to lock in the pricing and avoid any shipment delays. Let me hand it over to Andy to address the relationship to delay in construction and anything else that he might want to add.
Bill Stein: Relative to the move to Austin, I am not the only person who has moved to Austin. We moved the corporate headquarters to Austin. January of last year. And I’m surrounded by people who have also moved to Austin. On my right is my Chief of Staff, Bill Bradley, on my left is my Chief Investment Officer, Greg Wright. I’m looking down the table here at our Chief Operating Officer, Eric Sanchak. So we have quite a few people who have moved. Andy Power is planning to move at the end of the year. So this is the corporate headquarters. We made a conscious decision to leave California for a number of reasons. I think we’ve articulated that. We’re going to be moving our staffs out of California and New York. We’ve announced that. We have downsized in California, our offices there. We moved from [indiscernible] center up the block to space it on California Street, and we’re going to be downsizing in New York as well. So there’s nothing about this move to Austin that is related to succession. Relative to the movement of Andy into the President’s log, I think that’s your question. Our – my goal and the goal of the Board is to try to give our top-performing executives as much experience and different experience as we possibly can. So this gives Andy an opportunity to spend time in operations as well as working with Chris Sharp on the networking side, the product development side, the innovation side. We have a number of very capable executives that work for this company that report to me. And I think many of them are potential candidates to succeed me. My obligation to the Board is to make sure that they have choices. And I’m trying to provide for that. And so when the time is right for me to move into retirement, I’d like our Board to be able to look at a number of potential candidates inside the company and potentially consider at candidates outside the company as well. But I have no plans to step down at any point in the near future. I like what I do. And I think we’re pretty good at it.
Bill Stein: Thank you. I’d like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for 2021, as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. Our value proposition is clearly resonating with customers. We booked over $0.5 billion of new business in 2021, a 15% increase over the prior year. While attracting nearly 500 new logos. Digital Realty’s operational excellence is second to none, whether it be uninterrupted performance during a record Texas ice storm or on-time delivery of new capacity despite a global pandemic and the resulting strain on global supply chains. Our customers trust us with mission-critical applications and digital delivers. We’re expanding our global platform, establishing Digital Realty as the unquestioned leading colocation interconnection provider in Africa and positioning PlatformDIGITAL at key points of interconnection and subsea cable landing stations. We announced our expansion into India, together with our partner, Brookfield, and we invested in Atlas Edge gaining exposure to the European edge market all while investing over $2 billion in organic development around the world. We posted solid financial results and core FFO revenue and adjusted EBITDA above the high end of our initial guidance. Our 2022 guidance represents mid-single-digit growth in core FFO per share despite absorbing headwinds from FX, Teraco and capital recycling. Constant currency guidance for CFFO, if we were to exclude Teraco, would be in high single digits. Last but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet, raising $1 billion of proceeds from asset sales all the while positioning ourselves as the leading global provider of the full spectrum of data center solutions. I’d like to once again thank the Digital Realty frontline team members in critical data center facility roles, who have kept the digital world turning. I hope that all of you stay safe and healthy, and we hope to see many of you in person again soon. Thank you.
Andy Power: Sure. I think Bill covered it. But just on the – John, the elongated book-to-bill or time line, which had nothing really do with supply chain. Two factors there: one, you can see in the Americas region, we did a powered base shell deal, obviously, a longer lead time to develop that and bring that online; and then in Europe, where we have the concentration of our large deals obviously, stand out quarter for EMEA across the board. Some of the plus megawatt deals were rather large in size and takedowns. And I think there’s a project or two where we’re literally at land state and the customers are looking to really just book that future runway to growth. So that was kind of what drugged the overall time line out for sign to commence.
Andy Power: Sure. So, we finished 2021 at south of $2.2 billion of development CapEx or so. Our guidance range is a step-up of $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion of CapEx. You can just look at our press release throughout the year. We’ve been opening new markets, expanding addressable market, building out the pipeline from land to shells to finish suites to colo and connectivity inventory. I don’t think we’re looking to change our posture. We really go market-by-market supply chain – or excuse me, market-by-market supply-demand view. And we think we’re positioning ahead of our competitors. And I don’t think there’s a really necessary reactionary flex needed into our business. But if the opportunity presents itself, we look at that, and we’ll make those investments. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’ve got a diverse menu of capital sources to fuel our growth.
Andy Power: Sure. Thanks, Michael. So just a quick backdrop on same capital. So last year, we guided slightly negative on same capital or – and we came in at 4.4% same-capital cash NOI is negative. This was slightly worse than the year prior. As I mentioned, that was a real subset of the pool that we reported in 2021. You flip to 2022, you call it almost 80% of our company is in that pool with the addition of the Westin Building, Interxion, Lamda Hellix and Altus IT in Croatia. So you get a much larger sample set and an improving complexion. So from negative 4.4%, we guided to, call it, negative 3% at the midpoint. It’s really being impacted by two elements: one, currency. We hedge to the balance sheet. So all the currency fluctuations are hitting that pool, if you call – look at that on a constant currency, you’re probably closer to negative 1%. And then if you peel back the onion on that, it’s really strong positives – several – like 3% or so in that APAC, close to flat in EMEA due to the utilities being elevated and then the negative contribution largely focused in the Americas region, where we are getting hit by what looks like it would be a property tax increase that’s going to hit us in that year – or excuse me, in 2022, but not continue in 2023 and beyond. And the major driver of still not being more firmly into positive, although improving really is downtime for releasing of some of the larger non-retentions. We’ve been working away at that and making good activity. Actually re-leasing it and then moving those customers into that space. It just takes time, not because of supply chain politics, more of that one 5-megawatt customer leads and a new 5-megawatt customer refills the refurbs, the new PDUs, et cetera, it just takes time. And for those chunky deals, you lose a month or two or rent in a year, that’s just – it won’t flow through until you get into 2023. So net-net, not in positive territory firmly on a reported basis yet, but heading that way.
Andy Power: Sure. So I mean, pricing from two lenses. Obviously, you saw in the guidance, the – we’re guiding towards flat releasing spreads on our renewals for 2020. So that’s not new news. We’ve been mentioning that we’ve been working our way into that positive territory partly due to mix of expirations, but certainly, I would say, pricing related and then also, call it, pricing on new deals. Holistically, I think our supply chain team has done a really and design [indiscernible] team done a really good job insulating us given our scale, our consistency in market. I don’t think that’s industry-wide. And if you’re a newer, smaller, more fledgling or regional competitor that’s creating disruptions from an inflation standpoint and there’s just overall strains on delivery of capacity, whether it’s moratoriums in certain countries or the ability to deliver power. All of these elements, I’d say, add up together to, I think, be an incremental benefit to our value proposition to our customer of having this incumbent platform of 26 countries, 50 metros with one way for growth that the pricing pendulum feels like it’s continuing to slowly swing more and more in our favor.
Andy Power: Well, I’ll have Corey start us off on the enterprise less-than-megawatt interconnection category. And then I can filling any factoids and talked about source and uses on your second question.
Andy Power: Sure. As so you see in the guidance table, we put about $0.5 billion to $1 billion of, call it, capital recycling, which would be both of these categories. We ended the year with really a 60 – a one-off asset for $60 million that will be likely redeveloped into a residential project in San Jose. And there are, call it, a short list of whittling down of incremental noncore dispositions that could happen during the year it would be a piece of that. And then I think looking for incremental contributions to digital core REIT would probably be the larger segment of that source of capital. That’s obviously been a great success. John Stewart, after 32 earnings calls, hung up the HP 12C, now looking to grow that vehicle. In terms of funding for the year, – we finished out the year with about almost $1 billion of proceeds if you include that one-off asset plus digital core REIT in December. That all put the back on 12/31 with $140-ish million of cash, $40 million of – excuse me, $400 million drawn on a $3.3 billion credit facility. We got lucky and beat the rate march with a $850 million euro bond beginning of the year. That’s probably an incremental $500 million proceeds. We still have the $1 billion undrawn forward that will take down. So those combinations of forces and uses will essentially fund the closing of the $1.7 billion purchase of Teraco. And then obviously, those incremental noncore dispose or incremental contributions in the back half of the year will be the, call it, the replenishing of the capital stack, and we’ll look to leverage to, call it, say, to move more in line to our targeted leverage levels below six times for sure, as we move through the year.
Andy Power: Yes. So the – this was essentially an evolution of our capital sources here. Date back to probably the origins when Bill created a prudential JV that just actually ran its course, and we recognized a promote in the fall. Perpetual externally managed public vehicle with a global mandate, although albeit originally a North America portfolio. So over time, I would expect it to – through contributions of assets from Digital Realty, and they can also – and can also acquire third-party assets, diversify its portfolio geographically. But really with core assets, data centers that Digital Realty believes in for the long run, that have really long-term weighted average lease terms, high occupancies core to our strategy. We don’t have a set exact dollar amount or time of 2022, where we’re looking to do a contribution, we’ll work collaboratively with John and his team to position that at the right time for Digital Core REIT and its shareholders and Digital Realty’s funding plans. But I would think it will diversify over time and continue to scale, and it’s been well received to date. And I think that we’ll be able to build upon that success.
Andy Power: I’m sorry, that – there’s no magic to that. That was really just a product of the size of the initial portfolio, the conservative leverage we’ve put on the vehicle day one in a modest IPO size. We – the underwriters’ lockup tactically expires in the next several months. So not – it’s right around the corner. We have no interest to sell down. We can sell down if we want to. More likely, over time, I could see us being diluted down as digital quarry buys for cash, more assets and Digital Realty makes room for incremental investors both institutional and retail to participate in the growth of the vehicle.
Andy Power: So, I would maybe go region by region real quickly. I just saw there wasn’t a lot of activity in APAC this particular quarter, but we had a great 2021 overall in that region across all product types, but certainly including hyperscale and we’re seeing significant demand continue. And really excited with the introduction of Seoul 1, which we just opened up as well as significant activity across the Japanese market. In EMEA, we had four of the five top CSPs, all signed new business with us during the quarter. A lot of activity in Frankfurt, both in the East with the legacy interaction campus in the West with the legacy digital campus, Zurich, Marseille, Madrid and Paris were also contributors as well as Amsterdam. In North America, in the – I would say, the social media category has been a contributor and Ashburn was probably the standout for the quarter where we’ve remained incredibly tight during the recovering market and continue to see strong demand.
Andy Power: The only thing I would add to that question, John – David was – listen, Singapore is opening up its moratorium in a very rational and prudent way. Now with the development of, call it, three new data center locations. I can’t think of a better partner to be one of the three given our experience in this business, 4,000 global customers. Leadership and sustainability, experience in region. And last but not least, having a partner Digital Core REIT listed on the Singapore Exchange that could be an eventual owner of that asset allow all the citizens of Singapore to participate in the digital transformation of that country in the region. So that’s a unique incremental attribute, that could play in the future.
Andy Power: And Brendan, I can confirm that the cost CapEx otherwise is included and not material to the guidance we have on the sub today.
Andy Power: Sure. So just working backwards. So – we didn’t – I don’t think we have like our famous bar charts without numbers on them for you in terms of the weighted distribution. We do have a pretty decent moving part here with the timing of Teraco, which I can’t remember Greg mentioned this yet, but I mean we’re working through the closing conditions and really the process for, call it, competition community review. But feels like it’s going to happen in call it the early – very early second quarter to a couple of months in the second quarter time frame. So that does put a little bit of puts and takes from a quarterly blend. It is just to confirm the dilution from Teraco is included in our guidance table in the sub. So at the bottom line, our midpoint is call it growing, call it, 5% which is about 100 basis points increase from our guidance a year ago, which we did beat by 140 bps. We also are absorbing call it, 100 to 200 basis points of FX headwinds. And so if you normalize for those items, you call it close to the 6.5%, call it core FFO per share growth. The components of Teraco, I would call it, ballpark for a rough swag, a partial year contribution to revenue and an EBITDA basis, call it, $100-ish of revenue and 70-ish of EBITDA contribution of rough swags. Just a reminder, a data point, our year-over-year revenue and EBITDA growth is deflated when you just look at our reported financials. Remember that we had a PPA in a settlement NH promote in 2021. So that plus – really that plus FX calls it has – what you call it, and 9.3% growth on a revenue basis on a constant currency basis. And then as a reminder, we’re also losing revenue from our contribution to the Singapore REIT, Digital Core REIT. So that puts you up another 100 or 150 basis points higher on the revenue standpoint from a constant currency basis.
