Andrew Power: Hey thanks Jordan, this is Andy, I’ll tackle that because I think you're referring to my most recent conference. Obviously we ended 2018 with what I would call very respectable quarter $44 million overall signings capping off a record year 35% year-over-year increase, which was a record -- on a record at $268 million. A lot of successes in there across regions be it in Europe, Asia Pacific, North America or markets specific and across product lines. And at the same time I think we entered 2019 with a similar amount of optimism on the overall demand backdrop. Bill, myself, Corey, Chris and the team we’ve been spending a lot of time with customers in just the first handful weeks of the year we hear a lot of positive feedback of what their demand profiles look like and then how we're really lining up in terms of our footprint and capabilities to be their trusted partner around the globe.
Andrew Power: I would say listen, we sat this time in the beginning of 2018, I certainly didn’t have the expectation that we're going to do 35% increase year-over-year and put record $268 million. But as we look at exiting 2018 and look at what's out in front of us in 2019 in terms of where we're seeing opportunities and we're overall honestly quite bringing on new inventory capacity such as the Osaka, Japan, Sydney Australia, our Frankfurt Hampshire and the London campuses, numerous colo footprints and then some of the usual names you've heard about North America be it Ashburn or otherwise I think we feel like we're pretty well positioned heading into this year.
Andrew Power: I’d add-on for that for half a second for turning your second question, Jon. I think in addition to what we’re seeing -- hearing from our customers very recently in terms of demand backdrop, I think we’re also hearing a overall outlook of potential vendor consolidation where they want to do business with fewer parties over the long run really global organizations that can scale with them and meet their needs across numerous markets and product offerings, which we think we line up very well on. In terms of changes to go to market and the like, Corey and Greg, just started with us literally the first week of January. We had already pushed up our sales kick-off we had a great kick-off that first week and our team is out of the gates here running hard for 2019. I'm sure Corey, is going to be digging in here and look at the things as ways to improve and obviously has a deep background across colocation interconnection capabilities and really penetrating the enterprise customer base an area where we're always looking to step up our game.
Andrew Power: Great, thank you, Simon. So we closed I think the last week before the holidays, the 21st of December. We've had our first board meeting with the team, we've -- Brookfield has cleared it's our regulatory approvals and we're working towards finalizing their closing, which should happen in the next month or so.  We've been out in front of customers on a joint basis and have had some really terrific feedback from existing customers of legacy Digital Realty, legacy Ascenty and crossover, we've really gotten going on the rules of engagement for the Digital Realty 100 plus sales reps. In terms of feeding demand into that region, and we're also doing some late work on the supply chain design, constructional operational capabilities to really try to bring that benefit to the Ascenty platform. Albeit it's been a fast and furious couple weeks under our ownership to-date, but so far so good and seeing some positive signs, but obviously have a lot more to report on this topic in another 90 days or so. 
Andrew Power: Thanks, Colby. Let me see if I can dissect the multi-pronged of that mixture tackle at all. So a couple concepts. So first on renewal spreads, we've -- we exited the year on a full year basis cash positive just slightly and a couple points of higher than on a GAAP basis. We called out some anomalies in the actual note that happened in the fourth quarter, but happy to expand upon those specific details. But cash positive for the full year and even greater that a gap positive we did call on our 2019 guidance released at the beginning of the year a cash negative mark-to-market really related primarily due to a large legacy customer we inherited in our acquisition of DFT. The outcome or underwriting of that event has not changed since our closing or initial acquisition. So same facts and circumstances just that timing looks like it's going to be coming fruition certainly in 2019. And beyond that plus I'd say another larger Power Base Building or PBB renewal that likely to get completed in the first quarter of 2019. We feel that we're kind of really working our way through the bulk of the larger customer bulk renewals including early renewals pushing out their maturities for 5, 7, 10 and 15 years. When you look at the next kind of top customers that have several of renewals in those customers have, I'd say a different, different either vintage of lease, one of those customers in fact typically only sign five year leases. So has not had a 10, 15 year run of bumps in their leases and much less chance to be way out of market. Hence our commentary, where we think the sensitive pickers moving to the pipe on here, when it comes to the expirations this year. Dovetailing to your overall -- that was renewal, so cash, upon cash upon expiration dovetailing to your question on pricing overall. If you look at our scale pricing, which I think is really more tied to that renewal comment. If we went market-by-market this quarter, I would say our scale pricing was really kind of flat to slightly up. Now, partly that is due to the overall mix in diversity of business. In North America, we were less concentrated with larger deals specifically in Ashburn and had more numerous wins in San Francisco, Dallas, Houston, and Chicago. But when you look apples to apples of signing in those same markets, and is close in terms of size. Those rates actually look flat to suddenly up. I think, I said in a earlier conference this year looking at Ashburn, for our third quarter signing where we did a lot of larger deals, our rates versus the prior 12 months were within like 100 basis points. So definitely speaking to a crescendo on the rates. Now, I'm not saying that there isn't a competitor that's going to throw in a low price out there, just to win a business. But I think we bring a lot to the table as Bill, mentioned with our global platform that’s multi-product our installed and growing customer base that wants to expand with adjacency, longest runway for a growth in a competitive market like Ashburn and other things agile to supply chain and counterparty risk as well.  I think last but not least, you really are touching on development returns and also bookings compositions. I think if you look at our development cycle what you're seeing are two things. There's a concentration of our current products in the development project pipeline are larger deals 20, 25 megawatt deals, 10 to 15 year lease terms, AAA minus rated credit counter parties, triple net leases. Hence they're pushing those North America returns down closer to the nines. And then outside the U.S., which is becoming a much larger share of our new growth be it on that table you’ll see it in Singapore, but also Osaka and the same thing over in Europe. The returns are a little lower, but you're also seeing those returns in an interest rate environment in those countries that is much, much lower than the U.S. And you could see that in the fact that we did seven year euro bonds two weeks ago at a 2.5% coupon. I think, I kind of hit them all there for you.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Rob. So I mean if you look back at the fourth quarter or -- and a little bit of 2018 in terms of North America composition, fourth quarter was really not about Ashburn at all for us it was much more diverse. So we had north of a megawatt size in the San Francisco property area, we had signings in Houston close to a megawatt, Dallas, also in Chicago. And if I also go back a handful of quarters, I can certainly recall other major signing in the Chicago market as well as on the Dallas campus. Now those signings obviously get a little bit round out when you do a 25 megawatt deal in any given quarter. But it wasn't solely isolated to Ashburn or Northern Virginia. When I turn to looking at North America for 2019, I do think you'll still see a consistent demand for that Ashburn, Virginia robust demand market. But I think the conversations at Digital range a little more broadly all the way up into our newest delivery Toronto campus also out to some Santa Clara discussions. I know there has been some activity growing on our Richardson campus in Dallas. And then a market that's been a little bit of a sleeper going back a year or two is the New York City metro or northern New Jersey market where we've seen a pickup in financial services related demand on a few locations in that market. So definitely seeing the demand spread out a little bit to more pockets within North America portfolio in 2019 it feels like that it did in prior years.  And going back, I apologize, I think I skipped one of Colby’s questions ask about outlook for 2019 international versus non-international. Obviously we have the Ascenty portfolio, which is going to be go from count zero towards our $268 million record signings in 2018 and be a part of the picture in 2019. But putting that aside and really comparing apples to apples when I look at the inventory backdrop be it our campuses in Frankfurt, Amsterdam and London. Some of the enterprise customer demand we're seeing in Dublin are new announcements, which we had in Sydney, Australia in terms of new deliveries and also in Osaka, Japan. I think what -- in the last year or two it was probably more of a 75% to 80% signings in North America and remainder outside of the U.S. or North America. I think you could see that complexion should become much more global. And I can tell you that was a major theme as we kicked off the year from a strategy to really kind of speak selling to our strengths of the global multi-product platform.
William Stein: Hey, thanks, John. I guess, what I would say at least what I have observed is that the private guys win the business when at least Digital doesn’t have inventory in the market. So it’s a question of availability. And I do think that we are the preferred partner to most of the hyperscale players.
William Stein: No, absolutely. Thanks for the question John as always. So a couple elements to it. Yeah, the most recent announcement we just made inside of the Ashburn in Chicago markets are around expanding our internet exchange. And so, that was a lot of customer driven demand in those two markets. And because of the fact that, we have a comprehensive interconnection portfolio comprised of both the internet exchange and the service exchange, which meets a lot of our larger customer demands. I would tell you, the reasoning and why we went into Chicago in particular is the ownership of 350 East Cermak and how that building is becoming a bellwether of the broader workloads and interconnection requirements, and then associated Ashburn, that is the epicenter of where a lot of these clouds are building out. And so getting access to all of the networks via the IX was kind of the backdrop of why we were pushed into those markets. And just further solidifying the broader architectures that not only the hyperscalers are bringing to us, but also the enterprise. And so secondly to the partnership with Megaport, which is the underlying fabric on our service exchange. I mean, it's been a great partnership where it's really generated a lot of new revenue for us where it's -- we're having a different value based dialogue with a brand new ecosystem of enterprise customers coming in to consume cloud. And so it's an underpinning of our strategy going forward. And we've had a huge uptick in not only the dialogue, but also utilization of the platform. And so we're very happy with the outcome of that. And again, just to echo the sentiment of Andy and having Corey join the team were just getting focus on leveraging that even further in our dialogue so that we can represent the comprehensive portfolio that we have in these markets and all the inner connection capability that we have is really a unique differentiator for us.
William Stein: Thanks, Simon. So I think as you know, we don't target slices of the geographic pie by region. We look to allocate capital where we see the best risk adjusted returns. We're always looking at potential markets and we want to be prepared if there are good opportunities, but our criteria just remind you is that we're customer led into major new markets and we're looking for appropriate risk adjusted returns in these new markets. I'll turn it over to Andy to handle the Ascenty question.
William Stein: Thanks, Erik. We've commented on this before. While there is a tremendous amount of supply obviously in Northern Virginia, there's an equal amount of demand, so absorption has been very strong. As I said earlier and Andy mentioned this too, if the hyperscale players have to choose between a private provider with whom they've done little to no business and Digital with whom they've done a substantial amount of business and they are also keen to bring their product to market as quickly as possible at least it’s been our experience that they would prefer to do business with the provider that offers the shortest cycle for providing a product. So that has to do with both contract and reliable construction deliveries and knowing that the building is going to operate as expected.
William Stein: So I think our team has done an excellent job of bringing out the cost from data centers design. But I think you note correctly that we're approaching a level where it's going to be difficult to take out more costs without impacting residual value. I think we're fortunate and that we've established that our VMI or vendor managed inventory and program in place with most of our major suppliers. And what that means is we have three year contracts in place that lock in pricing for critical equipment like generators switch gear, UPS modules. And so, we haven't been affected by rising steel prices because of those programs. It's also I think important for you to keep in mind that we are still the only data center REIT with investment grade ratings from all the major rating agencies and that gives us a competitive advantage in a rising rate environment. And finally, we've been able to derisk labor inflation by keeping our contractors on site. So to sum up we have the benefits of buying in bulk across a global sales funnel. 
William Stein: Thanks, Robert. I'll jump on the first question and I think Andy will pick up the second piece. But, as far as power availability in Northern Virginia one of the things that we often really start to look at is how we master plan the multiple campuses that we've built out there. And one of the key elements of that master plan is working with the local power providers and early on establishing a demand profile associated with not only what we have today, but where we're headed. And a part of that is investing and ensuring that we get the proper substations built inside of the market, which is very unique to digital and from our long heritage in building out these campuses to ensure that we don't run out of any power. So not only with the campuses that we have populated today, but the future expansion campuses we're already in deep dialogue with a lot of local utility providers to ensure that we have proper access and redundant access in these core markets even outside of Northern Virginia. So we see nothing impacting our ability to meet our customer demand with the master plan facilities that we have today and also the future expansion that we have in that market. And I'll hand it over to Andy for the second part. 
William Stein: Thank you, Andrea. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our 2018 highlights, as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. We advanced our top priority of deepening connections with our customers delivering record bookings of $268 million, a 35% increase from the previous all-time high the prior year. We further expanded our global platform with our entry into Latin America. And we further extended our sustainability leadership with the addition of 90 megawatts of renewable energy capacity. We delivered 8% growth in FFO per share at the top end of our original guidance, and we delivered double-digit growth in AFFO per share setting the stage for continued growth in our dividend. Last but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet, raising $1.1 billion of common equity to fund our future growth, refinancing our $3.3 billion credit facilities and issuing over $1 billion of long-term investment grade corporate bonds at very attractive coupons. As I do every quarter, I'd like to conclude today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty team whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. Thank you all for joining us. And we look forward to seeing many of you in Florida in March.
