Scott E. Peterson: Thank you, Bill. As shown here on Page 4, we closed a $187.6 million joint venture during the third quarter with Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT for a turnkey data center located in Ashburn, Virginia. We sold an 80% interest to Griffin Capital, and we retained a 20% interest in the joint venture. We will continue to manage the property and receive management fees. The transaction valued the property at a 7.05% cap rate or $20,600 per kilowatt. We're pleased with this transaction, as it provides meaningful price discovery for turnkey data centers and establishes a new capital partner relationship. On last quarter's call, we indicated we would begin marketing non-core assets for sale shortly after Labor Day. We have identified an initial pool of 9 properties for disposition. As detailed in our press release, we brought 5 of these assets to market, and we booked a $13 million impairment charge during the third quarter to write down 2 of those assets to their estimated fair market value. Leasing activity at the 4 remaining properties has picked up considerably over the past 90 days, and we are in the process of finalizing some new leases, which has affected the timing of bringing these properties to market. However, this should increase the value of these properties and maximize proceeds to our shareholders. In addition, several of these assets were encumbered by CMBS debt, which has -- which was paid off in September. These 9 assets represent roughly the first 1/3 of the properties under evaluation for the capital recycling program, which comprises roughly 5% to 10% of the portfolio. This initial portfolio has some winners and some losers but on balance, we expect to recognize a gain well in excess of any impairment charges or losses. We have been encouraged by the early indications of interest we have received, and we expect our capital recycling program will contribute to our objectives of narrowing our strategic focus, funding future capital requirements and driving improved return on invested capital. I'd now like to turn the call over to Matt Miszewski to discuss our current leasing momentum.
Scott E. Peterson: Yes. Yes, just remember data centers are kind of complicated, but we happen to like this comp very much. This is a good cap rate, 7.05%. But also when you keep that in light of the price per foot and the price per kilowatt that this traded at, I think this is a very good comp. And it shows that the private demand and pricing continues to grow for these assets, and we're also very happy with these access to another source of capital for our program.
Scott E. Peterson: Yes. Stephen, it's Scott. To answer that, we're always in the market looking at M&A opportunities, and we keep abreast of everything, whether it's kind of near term or long term out there. There hasn't been anything very compelling lately. I think our primary focus is always how are we adding value to our shareholders when we look at these. I think there are many opportunities that we look at, which would give us the chance to get only larger and not better or more profitable for our shareholders. So I think our first and foremost goal on all those is to do something that's going to be compelling for our shareholders. And off late, we haven't really seen anything that fits that bill. But we are always -- we're always looking at opportunities, and we'll always pursue those to the extent we think we can do something positive.
Matt Mercier: Thank you, Matt. As Scott mentioned, we closed a $187.6 million turnkey joint venture during the third quarter, and proceeds were used to pay down $130 million of CMBS debt at 5.65%. Debt to EBITDA improved 1/10 of a turn to 5x, as you can see here on Page 14. We still have a U.S. dollar bond offering contemplated in our guidance for later this year. As shown here on Page 15 of the presentation, our credit spreads have tightened considerably over the course of the year, and we believe the current interest rate environment is attractive. We also believe it is prudent balance sheet management to finance long-lived assets with long-term capital, and we expect to tap the corporate bond market either later this year or early next year. Turning now to operating performance. Portfolio occupancy ticked up 20 basis points, the second consecutive improvement in occupancy. We expect to finish the year at or slightly above the current level of 93%. As Matt indicated in his presentation, cash releasing spreads were negative in the third quarter, driven by the large roll-down in Northern Virginia. We are not out of the rental rate roll-down woods quite yet, but we have worked our way through the worst of the above-market lease expirations within our portfolio with a few notable exceptions, particularly in 2016 rollovers in Northern New Jersey. As market rents continue to improve and as we address the remaining roll-downs, the mark-to-market should begin to approach 0 and turn consistently positive over the next couple of years. Same-capital cash NOI growth was 5.9% for the third quarter, above the high end of our guidance range, and we've raised our organic growth forecast for the full year by 50 basis points to between 4.5% to 5.5%. We've also whittled down the incremental revenue from speculative leasing embedded within our forecast to a very manageable 0 to $5 million for the remainder of the year. We've lowered our CapEx guidance for development spending by approximately 5% at the midpoint. We have the ability to self-fund our near-term capital requirements with proceeds from asset sales, and we currently have no plans to revisit the public equity market anytime soon. At the bottom line, we've raised the low end of the guidance range for 2014 core FFO per share by $0.05. The upward revision to our bottom line forecast while tightening our budget for development spending speaks directly to our renewed underwriting discipline and emphasis on return on invested capital. Later this year, we will celebrate our 10th anniversary as a public company. As you can see from the charts here on Page 16 of the presentation, we've generated positive year-over-year growth in both dividends and FFO per share every single year of our public company existence, including the financial crisis in 2008 and 2009, and we expect 2015 will be no different. Bottom line growth will likely be modest next year, and organic growth will be the primary driver as external growth will be muted due to asset sales. We will also face a tough comp in the first quarter due to the $850 million long-term capital raised in March and April of this year. We will provide formal guidance in January, but we expect to generate core FFO per share growth next year in the low single digits. And now I'd like to turn the call back over to Bill.
Matt Mercier: Yes. Tayo, this is Matt. I don't think we have that breakout at our fingertips, but we can follow up at a later date.
Matt Mercier: Manny, it's Matt. Actually, that -- the vast majority that's already been released is actually renewal -- or a re-lease we signed back in the first quarter, and it's going to roll, I think, slightly either flat or slightly up on a cash basis. So that is -- that's already taken care of.
Matt Mercier: Yes. And this is the other Matt. We -- on the FX issue, we're about 80% hedged in terms of our FX exposure, so it takes a pretty material movement to have a meaningful impact on our bottom line. If rates had remained unchanged versus last quarter, our FFO in Q3 would have been about $0.005 higher. And I think that speaks to the advantage of being an investment grade rated since it allows -- we can fund in multiple currencies, and as you know, we raised a pretty large sterling deal earlier this year, a long-term bond. And overall, I think we've raised over $1 billion in sterling since in the public market. So this goes to show what having a strong balance sheet can do for you in terms of hedging your risks.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. Thanks for the question, Vance. We do see outsourcing to be a continued trend that we discussed with our customers on an ongoing basis, and we really see it in both of the segments that you identified. Existing customers, especially our large enterprise existing customers, continue to be on the road for outsourcing their IT as well as their business processes, and we're there to support them. Maybe surprisingly, the new logos that we signed in both the large enterprise segment as well as the mid-market segment have a similar interest in outsourcing maybe for different reasons. The mid-market companies simply don't want to get started behind an operationally expensive set of processes, and our large enterprise customers have found a need to preserve some of their capital and to invest in strategic initiatives. But for both of these segments, outsourcing remains incredibly important for Digital Realty.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. We see -- we're very pleased with the progress that we've seen in the mid-market since we announced its -- announced the initiative last year. We've seen that team really step up and consistently generate now between $4 million and $6 million in revenues over the past several quarters and a very large quarter in revenue production in Q4 of last year. So we couldn't be happier. Really, if you keep in mind that we basically grew a business that was producing between $1 million and $2 million of quarterly revenue, now we've increased that to $4 million to $6 million participation. So we're extremely excited about the progress that the mid-market team is making and the mid-market sales team combined with the operational team that supports that set of products.
Matthew J. Miszewski: So in particular, in Asia Pac, I think your question sort of focused in on the TKF rental rate numbers in Asia Pacific, and we did have -- we had to call out that we did have one large deal that we secured in Hong Kong, which we view as a onetime event, was a very strategic partner. We went into that deal for very specific reasons between the 2 partners, in particular, to open up some market opportunities that were closed off to us before. We believe we successfully completed that set of transactions and that this one lease is really a onetime event. It really highlights that we're able to make strategic decisions in concert with our greatest partners and our greatest customers throughout the world.
Matthew J. Miszewski: So Ross, thanks for the question. The shorter lease terms, we need to understand in a context of the duration of those leases that are being signed as well as understanding that obviously it's an average. So we're still seeing some good lease terms come in. And -- but I understand that we're comfortable signing shorter-term leases in the marketplace where we really believe that the fundamentals inside that marketplace are improving, especially at the time of potential expiration. Also important for everyone to remember that our retention rates remain high. So we are comfortable with this shorter initial term. It's also become a little bit of a trend in the marketplace for folks who initially say they want a smaller term to actually go ahead and take their additional option earlier in that process. So maybe a tip box in terms of procurement, but we're seeing those people renew early in some cases or do must-takes early in some cases as well. In essence, what all this signals is that the fundamentals in this market are improving.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. So Jonathan, we do. And I think as Bill said in his initial statements, we will certainly look at new opportunities with our great customers in tow. But important to also understand that our -- one of our focuses -- one of our strategic focuses within sales and marketing is targeting at the beginning as well as targeting expansion with companies that have a stated desire or already active in global expansion that matches our existing portfolio, where we happen to have existing inventory or shell available. So that alignment by us to sort of generating demand across companies that have a desire to grow globally matches our current footprint in terms of what we have existing inventory in pretty darn well. We also happen to find out that those customers stay with us longer. They're happy to give us longer lease terms, and they're much more easy to satisfy in terms of customers because their value expectation is aligned very well with the value that we provide. I think Bill mentioned in his opening statements 2 geographies that were of interest. Maybe I'll turn it over to Bill to see if he wants to talk a little bit more about future potential expansion.
Matthew J. Miszewski: That's an important distinction, Jonathan, that Bill is making. As I look at our 12-month future pipeline, I see a good dominant part of that being the customers that regularly buy the dedicated solution from us here at Digital. That doesn't foreclose us from making sure we truly understand the customers' needs in the 4 big markets in Asia Pacific. But as opposed to our competition who is testing the waters, we've got a proven product that we're able to deploy and have successfully deployed over the past 5 years. We certainly will look at continuing to do that and then exploit any future opportunities that we see.
Matthew J. Miszewski: In the first group that we have, that will all likely transact between now and the end of this year in January, and that total volume's about $260 million in proceeds on that. And we expect to add -- I'll give you a little more information there. We think that will go at an average cap rate, overall, of about a little over a 6 cap rate on that. We then have 3 other -- then we have 2 other groupings of properties that we're looking at. The next grouping is a group of 6 assets that are more, rather than being non-core, these are more non-core data center assets. And we're going through the valuation process of those right now. So it's a little early to give you any indication. But we'd expect that the ones of those we do bring to market would be brought to market first quarter.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. So the seasonality is interesting, given the launch last year of the mid-market strategy. In general, we're pleased with our sales and marketing team, Jordan being able to generate consistent results that are in line with our plan. We consider quarters like this to be successful quarters when they meet the plan. And you touched on one of the drivers, which, of course, is the mid-market initiative, which, if you remember, seems like way back. It wasn't that long ago when we announced the initiative. Part of the purpose of it was to smooth out the revenue lumpiness that came from the large enterprise segment. And I think we've been fairly successful at doing that. Unfortunately, one of the side effects of wiping out the lumpiness of the large enterprise segment is the perceived seasonality of the past may look a little less certain, and so we need to get a little -- a few more quarters under our belts before we can identify what the true seasonality is, given the new set of products and new set of markets that we're addressing. We do think that our -- the seasonality will reflect customer demand, which have relatively unique drivers. So inside an individual vertical, for instance, financial services, I'm having 2 sets of conversations, one with a company that has a large deployment that needs to go live in the first half of next year, and we're having that conversation. We'll strike a deal this quarter. And the other one, who wants to start the conversation in Q2 but will deliver the actual project in Q4. So unfortunately, seasonality is also at the call of our customers' internal calendars.
Matthew J. Miszewski: So in terms of the Global Alliances Program, the program, when combined directly with the network initiative, has influenced an awful lot of the deals that are out there. But what's interesting is -- what we're trying to enable is something that we're not unfamiliar with. When we -- Scott started in this industry 10 to 12 years ago, we became a carrier-controlled data center provider because of our customers' perceived challenges with network operator-owned data centers. And so that shift in market dynamics allowed us to bring carrier-neutral data centers to the fray and allowed us to capture that market opportunity. We're seeing something similar here, and it sort of will answer both of your questions. The Global Alliances that we're striking are meant to give optionality to our customers that they're asking for. The wider array of that optionality is what we need to provide as data center providers. So that no matter what direction our customers want to go to enable their hybrid cloud ambition, they can do it within Digital Realty property. And so again, as I stated earlier on the hybrid cloud question, what we do here allows our customers to truly connect their services to data centers that they might have inside other Digital Realty data centers, but also they can connect to cloud providers outside of that venue, and they can connect to cloud providers that are not within Digital's own network services. So our network service partners can now securely connect those enterprise clients to all of their assets as well as to internal private clouds, and so what we're seeing is something very similar to the process that we came into a few years ago. So now instead of it being carrier neutrality, it really is cloud service provider neutrality, and part of our partnership efforts or Global Alliances efforts is to make sure that we're able to bring the right cloud service providers to the foray. That worked this quarter in VMWare as well as in Carpathia. Our providers that our customer said they wanted to connect to more directly within Digital's data centers, we're being able to provide that sort of connectivity to them, and we see that as the end in and of itself. If you think about the global cloud marketplace as well as the rest of the partnership ecosystem as an amenity that is now necessary in a modern data center as we move our customers from wanting simply to store data in a data center to want to actively exchange data within a data center and within multiple data centers, that's really the key that we're trying to provide to those customers.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. I mean, we'll have to -- I don't know. Obviously, as you know, Northern Virginia is probably one of our most active markets in terms of development. So I'm sure it has to do with the development activity that we're bringing online as well as the joint venture that came out. I don't have the specifics, but I'm sure it has something to do with those 2 interplays.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. And so on the lease, we'll do this in 3 parts, Stephen. On the leasing side in Europe, without divulging the large enterprise software maker's name, we did see some great activity with what we call a potential franchise account happening within continental Europe this quarter. And probably more important, as I look forward in the next 2 quarters as well as the 12 months looking forward, we see a very healthy pipeline for the properties that we currently have in Europe as well as some of the properties that we have looked to develop in the past.
Arthur William Stein: Ross, let me add to that, that we also see the same company that are doing shorter-term leases, putting significant investment into the premises even though they might be doing a 5-year lease.
Arthur William Stein: So we have heard that question before. The answer to the question is that we fully expect that it will be before year-end. That's what we've said, really, since the transition was announced last March. And as we also indicated, the board back then and still is comfortable with the current leadership that's in place, but the focus remains finding the right candidate and that is unquestionably the priority. Fortunately, in the interim, the stock has performed well. We're up over 40% since March. We've outperformed the RMZ by 2,000 basis points, and we remain focused on executing our strategic vision. And thank you for the question.
Arthur William Stein: And Jonathan, so I've mentioned Germany and Japan. But in addition, I mean, we -- if we have a -- I'm sure we both know the customer you're talking about. But if we have a strong customer that wants us to go to a certain market, and in this particular case, this customer is, they lease multiple megs from us at one time. So if we can get comfortable with the demand in that market, and we can get comfortable with other risks, so currency risk, political risk, we can structure ample lease term to mitigate risk. And we have a customer that's taking a significant percentage of a building, then we are -- will be more willing to look into a new market.
Arthur William Stein: We haven't seen that in Asia at this point. We're seeing really good absorption in our 2 Australian markets. And in Singapore, we're basically full. And Hong Kong is filling rapidly, too. So we haven't seen the evidence of that. We -- there had been commentary about excess supply in North American markets in Silicon Valley and Virginia, in particular. But once again there, we've seen significant absorption of our inventory. In fact, we can't even keep up in Northern Virginia. I think basically, the difference to maybe the type of product that we're delivering to the market, and we do provide the 2-end solution, a dedicated infrastructure. And I suspect that if there's commentary about excess supply, it's probably the share in infrastructure product.
Arthur William Stein: Thank you, Jonathan. Just to point out, in Hong Kong and Singapore, in particular, land is tight. So it really is hard to get sites there. I know there's one of our competitors is bringing on a site January 1, but I think that's really the only one that we'd be concerned about in Singapore.
Arthur William Stein: Well, I don't know that those deals would have existed a couple of years ago. But the -- I think that my biggest objection to these deals was the customer's attempt to transfer what I thought were the customer's business risks to us for a standard of conduct within the data center's four walls that was quite low, a simple negligence as opposed to gross negligence or willful misconduct. So what I'm referring to is indemnity clauses for basically mistakes or omissions inside a data center by the operator, what the right standard of conduct is. And we've held to a standard of willful misconduct, and we do not indemnify for consequential damages. And in this case, we have customers that are looking for a lower standard and a broader scope of indemnity.
Arthur William Stein: Yes. Not so much, that's why I made the comment in my remarks about being focused on long-term value creation. And these were deals that would have been very beneficial to short-term FFO growth. But at the end of the day, we're focused on residual value as well and what types of risk we might be creating for the long term.
Arthur William Stein: Yes. I mean, as we -- Vincent, as we said, we'll give specifics on 2015 guidance later this year, and we'll -- at that time, we'll break down all those components as we have -- as we've done the last several quarters, but we're not at a point where we can provide that detail at this time. But we'll definitely have it when we give formal guidance later this year.
Arthur William Stein: So our board meets next week, and the board sets the dividend. So it's something that we're looking at. Basically, the trade-off is going to be a pullback of the first quarter dividend or special dividend, and we haven't decided on that. And even if we had decided on it, we wouldn't jump ahead of the board.
Arthur William Stein: And Stephen, let me just sort of pile on here. The -- if we were to find an acquisition that were attractive, public equity is now no longer our only source of equity, as we now have a -- of what I think is fairly reliable source of private capital as well for deals of that type.
