Scott Peterson: Yeah, Jonathan. Hi, Scott here. I think Andy touched on a couple of those items here, but I'll just go over them again. We're off to a great start with the EMEA portfolio that we acquired. We're on track with our underwriting there. The overall EMEA team has been fully integrated under the Digital Realty umbrella and that was finalized in the fourth quarter, so that's going well. In 2017, we will focus on integration of systems and processes. Over there, we are migrating the Amsterdam one connectivity ecosystems over to Science Park tower. And we have our colo expansion plans into new locations in the European market, are underway. We're seeing good customer activity and we're cross-selling products and I think all that bodes well for revenue synergies. On the cross-connect, so I think it's reasonable to view the growth there is going to be a little more modest than it would be by U.S. standards. The European market is structurally different as it relate to that. So, I think that you temper the expectations there. I think it's more common to see kind of 5% to 10% of revenues coming out of cross-connects in these European assets. On further inorganic M&A, as we always say, we look at everything. We're looking for opportunities that are strategic and complementary, that we can prudently finance and represent a good investment value for our shareholders. And by that we mean accretive. I think as a general statement that I can say that we are not looking to acquire assets just to get bigger. And many of the opportunities that were out there presented – really had neither a strategic value nor represented good value until it's easy for us to be interested observers on those. But I think we're going to remain disciplined in our approach to this. And we're not going to jump on any opportunities that will really only serve to make us bigger and not better.
Scott Peterson: The areas to emphasize organic and inorganic growth. And I think – Frank, I think I touched on a little bit too is, we're still focused on opportunities that are strategic to our business and also represent a good investment value for our shareholders and not focus on things that are just going to make as bigger. So, good examples of those are some of the opportunities out there have been just a collection of assets. And they've been very fully priced. And, frankly, I'm kind of surprised that how full the pricing has been in the market given the supply of assets that have been up there for sale. And I think that's a testimony to the strong investor appetite for our data center assets. But we do try to focus on the more strategic ones. Anything that's just a collection of assets of two, three, four, just pure data center assets that are fully priced relative to our cost of capital aren't particularly attractive because all it does is let us get bigger and it increases the denominator and dilutes our future growth. So, we don't find those particularly exciting because we can develop those on our own. So, again, we will focus on opportunities that we believe are strategic and we can generate some synergies out of and also are attractively priced relative to our cost of capital and represent an accretive transaction as well as something that we can prudently finance. So, we're going to stick to our discipline going forward as we have in the past. And I hope it continues to play out for us the way it always has.
Scott Peterson: And Jordon on the risk reward spectrum of it, it's really – it's kind of interesting. So, the way I look at it, it's a little bit of a toss-up. You could generate better operating margins on the colo side, be it shorter contract terms, you have smaller customers, typically more diversified customer bases. But then, you also have limits of how big it can be, and we can take some of these markets. Northern Virginia is a great example, 2 megawatts of leasing and – of colo in Northern Virginia is a big year for any company. And 2 megawatts is kind of the first week of January for scale. So, it's a tough call. I think really at the end of the day, what our view on this is, is you want to have both. We want to have a full spectrum platform to offer space and power and connectivity to a customer, whether you want a cabinet or you want a 100 megawatts. And we want to do that on a global scale, because what we see the customers wanting from us right now is they have – they have a lot of different needs over a lot of different markets, and a lot of different types and needs. So, they might need a colo deployment in one market, they might need scale in one, hyperscale in another. And they want to be able to come to a single vendor for that to partner with and provide them with some consistency of delivery across the globe. And we know, we're the only ones right now that are even close to be able to do that on a global scale. And we think we're seeing a good chance to being the only ones. And so, it's kind of hard to really separate, I mean because they are both very important.
Daniel W. Papes: Thank you, Jon. Jon, it's been a very busy three months for me since joining Digital Realty. And we've gotten a lot done and it will inform my priorities just to tell you the things that we've been focusing on in those three months. Very pleased to see the level of talent that we have across the organization. I've also brought some new people in as well and have a few more coming. So we'll strengthen our team even more. We've also taken that talent from three entities, really, and turned it into one. We had Telx skills and Digital skills and Telecity skills and we've taken the best of all of them and turned that into one global sales organization. So, in the coming quarters we'll leverage that to generate some meaningful growth for the business. We really are now one global team and we're taking our portfolio to market that way. We actually just had a successful kickoff last week of the integrated team. And I'm very pleased with how quickly our team has jelled. We also have reorganized our go-to-market organization around our customers and our markets. And are now going to market in the form of verticals that specialize in the unique ways that each of those vertical customers buy. We're providing solutions to them. We're not going to market by geography or by products. We're trying to help our customers meet new opportunities and solve challenges that they have in their businesses. Another major priority for me, Bill mentioned it several times in his opening statements, is Partnerships (sic) [Partners] and Alliances. We believe that there is meaningful upside for us in that business. And so we're going to put a special emphasis on that, and invest significantly from a go-to-market perspective in that space. It allows us to reach many new customers that we might not otherwise have been able to reach and it allows us to do that at a much lower cost of sales. And so, we see the opportunity to generate benefits for ourselves, for our partner – those who partner with us, as well as our customers in the end. So, all of this, we believe – as we focus on it in the coming quarters, will be good for our business and it will position us to capitalize on our comprehensive platform to generate future growth.
Daniel W. Papes: Yes. So, what I can – as we develop the program, we can probably give you more specific metrics. We are just launching the new emphasized approach to it. We've already seen good results, as you saw from the Direct Link Colo, as we talked about the deal with IBM on Direct Link Colo, which actually generated about $3 million in TCV last year, but giving you a comprehensive set of financial targets and number of partners around that will be something I think we'll be able to give you in the coming quarter.
Daniel W. Papes: No. I would just reiterate. It's a good pipeline and we're awfully busy getting those proposals out the door.
Daniel W. Papes: Yeah. The only thing I would add is we do see a strong pipeline in the CSP and hyperscale space and it's not just domestic. I think it's important to point out that our global footprint is very appealing to the hyperscale customers. And as we expand our footprint in Asia and in Europe, we're seeing good strong demand for those sites as well.
Andrew Power: And, I think we had – to be fair, we've had some successful partners in the last quarter, new partner that landed a fairly sizable deal with us in North America, supporting a publicly-listed healthcare company. I think one of the financial elements I think you'll see, and be it – Dan's been here for three months, so don't count on it tomorrow. But an acceleration of sales and revenue on the back – without a commensurate acceleration of sales head count is a way to financially see our results for the partners and channels kind of bearing fruit.
Andrew Power: So we – on a year-over-year basis, we've – our interconnection revenue, it's grown more than double – just more than double-digit, just because we've added some incremental capacity. But on just a pure same-store basis it's kind of low-teens, outpacing the pure colocation growth. And, well, I would say kind of part and parcel with our expanding the footprint and the opportunities for additional colocation, interconnection opportunities. We expect a modest pickup in that growth, in the revenue on a year-over-year basis.
Andrew Power: Sure. Mike, I'll take – try to take both of those. So, on the balance sheet standpoint, we have a financial strategy of kind of having a balance sheet that's positioned for growth; and we kind of first and foremost target a leverage metric around 5-ish times debt to EBITDA. Now it's gotten – in the past it's been a little bit higher than that, probably up to 5.5 times. Today, we stand kind of a little below that, roughly 4.8 times. We philosophically think for our business mix and being an active developer, that's the right way to run the capitalization of the company. We are also hopeful though of obviously a rising rate environment finally coming to bear. And the way we try to think about protecting against that is one, minimizing our floating rate debt as much as possible. So today we stand, I believe 10% of our debt is floating rate, which is primarily borrowings outstanding under our revolver and that's been literally cut in half over the last year. And two, mitigating our maturity risk, so kind of matching the duration of our cash flows and our assets with long-term fixed rate debt financing. So if you look at our debt maturity schedule, you won't see much of any debt covenant due before 2020. And then thereafter we try to stagger the bars, so that we're not kind of putting any risk on the balance sheet. And those things hold for me as the CFO in a rising rate environment or quite frankly in many different rate environments. Going to your second question, the CapEx spend, the CapEx implied by the guidance at the end of the year relative to where we came out. Quite honestly, probably we're trending sub to the midpoint of that guidance going into the end of the year. It's really a product of timing. We – some projects slipped over into 2017, let's call it maybe a $100 million of that spend is kind of a calendar year slip. We are still seeing that even with that we did have a marked increase in CapEx year-over-year spent from 2015 to 2016 and our 2016 to 2017 midpoint does imply another increase. I think that's a product of two things. We've had a fair bit of success on the scale side of the business, building our campuses, expanding our customer footprint and helping them grow to the various buildings we have on other campuses. And 2017 and onto 2018 is going to have two new more demonstrative markets that they really had no contribution in prior years with Frankfurt, Germany in Europe and Osaka, Japan in Asia.
Andrew Power: Sure. This quarter the integration costs are more heavily weighted towards the European portfolio. Quite frankly, a large chunk of it is – we hired a consultant firm to kind of help us through the integration process. So we have outside third-party advisors, with that domain expertise across all the multiple functions that touch the combined company. So a large of that is paying consultants to kind of help us facilitate that integration. There maybe a little bit on the Telx side on that, but I would say that's not a larger or a material amount to spend. And in terms of tracking, we've always set budgets at the time of the acquisition and then refresh moving into our 2017 spend. I'd say we're tracking slightly below budget, but overall these are not massive dollar spends in any regards in terms of integration. I think especially as it relates to the European portfolio, where it was really an absorption of their team without tremendous overlap given their colocation interconnection expertise and our scale expertise. So, it's not a huge dollar integration bucket to begin with.
Andrew Power: Sure. Maybe I'll touch on the dividend first. So on the dividend, obviously, as you know, it is ultimately in the board's hands and management will make a recommendation to the board to accept or approve. But as you've seen from the growth in our cash flow and our AFFO, and where our payoff stands today, I think there is a fairly decent chance that the dividend increase will accelerate or be greater than the prior year's dividend increase. While – with the one caveat being this, Colby, that while we're not the developer, I do view retaining capital as an attractive source versus going out to the market. So every dollar I can retain and redeploy into our active development pipeline that we develop to 10 to 12 returns is an accretive use of that capital. So I don't think you'll see our payout ratio move wildly. At the same time, I do think the dividend is going to increase a little bit more this year than last year. When I talk about signings, I mean, we have internal numbers where we have really market-by-market based on what we see the pipeline demand, and how that lines up with our available supply and our timing of bringing new supply coming onboard. We obviously did not give you that – a line item for that in our table, in our guidance, although we do give a fairly robust disclosure. It's something that's a little bit subjective, because as you move through the year, different markets heat up and different markets cool down, and different lines of our business be it scale or colo kind of move in the same degree. So, we're interested in focusing on winning demand at attractive rates to generate profitable returns on our capital. My goal was more and more every quarter, the best I – the most I can. I don't think we have like a specific internal goal we want to share, as in terms of a leasing volume number here on this call.
Andrew Power: Listen, Colby, what I would say is, listen, we've just finished the fourth quarter. Some of the fourth quarter signs obviously have implications on the rest of how 2017 goes. We're halfway through the first quarter. And right here on this call we're reiterating our guidance that we gave you on January 3. So based on everything we've signed in 4Q, based on everything we know we signed so far in 1Q, we think we're on a signings momentum or velocity that's going to generate that FFO growth you just mentioned.
Andrew Power: Hey, Vin. This is Andy. I'm pretty sure you're referring to an article that described Dallas as 2016 Chicago. I would say a little bit different dynamic there. It feels like there's more competitors. There's more competitors with supply. At the same time, we've had some pretty good traction recently in terms of signings in that market and pipeline of additional deals in that market. But I have not seen anything that necessarily unlock the flood gate in Dallas. And you can just pull up public disclosure you'll notice that it does have a fairly wide competitive set that we're competing within that market.
Andrew Power: Sure. So I think that the thing you didn't mention, which is a little bit of anomaly is that the fourth quarter had a 1.4% constant currency growth quarter-over-quarter. I would say it's probably another 100 basis point higher than that due to some anomalies around some tax assessment or refunds I should say that we received in the prior year, which makes for a tough comp. And we did receive some impact from that PBB lease we took back and obviously are re-leasing right now. So it's probably 100 basis points higher than the 1.4% on a constant currency basis. On a full year basis, I think, we're towards the higher end of our initial guidance at 2.7% as reported and 3.6% constant currency, so fairly happy with that. I would say it was a smaller pull this year because we tried to be intellectually honest with how we treated Telx in that analysis. Moving to 2017, I'd say the biggest impact will be including the Telx contribution, will be the pooling that's a lot more meaningful and the larger component of our company. So it will give you a better read through as to same capital look for all more of digital than it did during 2016.
Andrew Power: Hey, Jon, this is Andy. So, I don't have a pinpoint on the actual year for those leases. I would say they both probably go back call it 5 to 10 years. I don't think – I mean, as you look through our Turn-Key, which is predominantly larger footprint, longer-term leases, they almost all have some type of annual escalation of call it 2%, 2.5%, 3% over that duration, be it 7 or 10 years. So they've been increasing for many years now. We have not gone to a point where we've had massive spiky uplifts upon the cash mark-to-markets. I think that's a product of being on the scale customer, they're bigger deals, they've had escalations for a longer time period and I don't think we've gotten to the expiration or the extension time for really trough rates yet at least.
Andrew Power: It feels like it, but I would say that the payments are little bit – the customers will very often come, they want to come and do a long-term extension well before their actual contractual extension. So there is potential for customers to come early to do renewals, but it does feel like what you're looking for maybe a couple of more years out there.
Andrew Power: Sure, Matt. I would – I mean, I would say the key variables on that range are one of execution rate and it's probably more on the scale side execution and then the colocation interconnection side in our – performance just given the mix of our business, and the stacks of the size of the deals on the scale side, can be – tend to be a lot larger and bigger impactors. And the other thing, I would say, FX, I believe, could have another impact there. And going back several years, you probably wouldn't have heard us talk about this much, but we're living in an environment where the pounds drop from a $1.45 to $1.20, and we have a large piece of our business in the UK, that obviously has a – can create a large headwind to our top line growth. Now, as I mentioned, we hedged that having, new – to couple sterling bond offerings north of $1 billion dollars, there's multi-currency revolver and term loan so that headwind doesn't 100% flow through to our bottom line, but it would – can put some variability into the top line growth.
Andrew Power: So, the deliveries you mentioned that came out of the pool on the scale side I believe were 88% leased. So, they're almost 90% leased by the time we actually finished the construction of the building. We have a slide in the deck that kind of highlights our three North America core active development markets that did 10 to 15 megawatts per month in the last 12 months of deliveries and those are all kind of 88 to 94 or so percent leased upon the time we opened up. You are correct, the active development pipeline has increased a fair bit. I think it's a roughly $250-ish million versus the prior quarter in terms of total projects. That includes some of those – I mean obviously we've been increasing with our global footprint expanding in Europe and Asia. Some colo projects which are a little smaller dollars have been added to the list. Those typically obviously did not have much preleasing before they open up. I think we feel pretty confident on bringing those on in time at attractive cost to us and be able to lease a significant share up by the time we open the doors. Many of those projects actually are like the last buildings on some of our major campuses, be it the K building or H building down in Ashburn before we move on to the next parcel of land; or the 9377 building in Chicago. So, we're kind of rounding out some of our large campuses and now having to move to the next door property for our next phase of growth. And in that case, that's often customers that have already been in our building, wanting to really stack up that last piece of inventory so that their engineers don't even have to cross the road even though it's a short distance. So, I think we feel pretty good about that. At the same time, if you would stop all the – stop the music and everyone has to find a chair, I think our committed spend on that pipeline, meaning the spend we have to spend or would be in default on is about $190 million. So, it's 0.2, 3.3 turns of EBITDA and we can easily address it with our revolver that's got $200 million outstanding.
Andrew Power: So maybe I'll just touch on Telx holistically and kind of a year-end checkup kind of thing and then I'll let Scott talk to kind of risk adjusted returns, whether – from an investment kind of hat. I mean, obviously, Jordan, or maybe not obviously, I think we're pretty proud of what I call successful acquisition financing and more – most of the integration. I mean, we've navigated a substantial re-org that generates significant expense synergies. We either met or exceeded our underwriting targets, we've unified the team under one Digital Realty brand and we also leveraged some new found expertise and adopted market-leading customer portal. And then, on the new future, I think, we're generating revenue synergies with the footprint expansion to markets like Ashburn, Richardson and also just growing the footprint some of our gateways be it Chicago or LA or Phoenix. So, all-in-all I think we're on track. And I think it's been a fruitful, I mean, a good overall experience. And I think we're building momentum that's going to bear fruit into 2017 and beyond.
William Stein: Hi Lukas, it's Bill. We – post Brexit, we actually signed a fair number of deals in London, while before Brexit we hadn't done much business at all. So I think, from that standpoint, Brexit perhaps has been good for the London market. But having said that we are building in Frankfurt and Amsterdam, and we're definitely seeing demand in both of those markets as well.
William Stein: But I will say too, Richard, that there is no question that on average the scale deals are higher. There was a...
William Stein: And Jordan, some of the changes we're making on the sales team, we expect will allow us to gain deeper penetration into the customer and thus will unearth additional opportunities with these major players.
William Stein: Thanks, Denise. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for 2016, as outlined here on the last page. We had another very good year characterized by solid execution against our strategic plan. We met or exceeded our Telx underwriting targets and we continue to extend our global footprint with the closing of the European portfolio acquisition. We continue to enhance our product offerings with the launch of Service Exchange, the expansion of our Partners and Alliances program and the expansion of our global footprint to 11 new facilities across eight new and existing markets. We raised guidance three times over the course of the year delivering core FFO per share growth above the high-end of our original guidance range, and we delivered outsized growth in AFFO per share. Finally, we achieved this growth while strengthening our balance sheet. We paid down virtually all of our remaining secured debt. We reduced our floating rate debt exposure by more than half, and we lowered leverage by nearly half a turn. Last, but certainly not least, I'd like to say congratulations and thank you to the entire Digital Realty team whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution against our strategic plan. Thank you all for joining us and we look forward to seeing many of you in Florida in early March.
