A. William Stein: Thanks, Michael. Look I'm not going to speak for the returns that our competitors are earning, but our experience over the last couple quarters is that rents have been flat. And that includes some 20 plus megawatt deals that we've done in each of the last two quarters. I mean just something to keep in mind, we hear a lot about demand in other parts of the world particularly Europe, but year-to-date absorption in Northern Virginia is more than two times the absorption in the rest of Europe combined. So look I mean global scale really matters. It's part of our differentiated product offering, and we can and do provide the opportunities for our customers around the world. But I think the ability to satisfy their needs to both land and expand in Northern Virginia currently on both of our campuses the legacy DuPont campus and the new Digital campus we're building out is absolutely critical. And the Dulles land that we just acquired is a clear reflection of our real estate heritage, our DNA and we view that as a critical piece of our supply chain going forward and our ability to continue to support our customer base. So, I mean, the bottom line is Northern Virginia is a competitive market. But the current market dynamics we believe play to our strengths and enable us to achieve very attractive risk adjusted returns.
A. William Stein: So, Jordan, I think there are a couple of things. First of all, we continue to work to drive down our build costs. We've been quite successful with that. But basically, the bigger the building the more you can build, the lower you can drive your per unit costs. And for example in Northern Virginia, are building out which is you know almost 100 megawatts, it's 96 megawatts. That's up and it's basically leased, it is leased. And we've built that in less than a year. And so it clearly allows you to drive your unit cost down. The other part of that and somewhat related is our vendor management initiative, which – through which we lock in our vendors on three-year deals with fixed price contracts and that too particularly if there's some inflationary pressure, you know, it helps us keep our costs in line. Because of our scale we're able to buy both equipment and power in significant bulk. And similarly with land and we bought over 400 acres of land there next to Dulles Airport at I'd say less than half the market cost per acre. And I'd say the final piece of this in terms of how to function in a rising rate environment as it relates to the balance sheet and it's just – I'd say it's basic real estate fundamentals where you extend your debt. We just did a 12-year sterling deal, you fix your rates and you make sure you have plenty of liquidity and we just announced the refinancing of our revolver, booking upsize and reduced pricing. So I guess, what I'd say is as competition intensifies it's important that we continue to exploit our competitive advantages.
A. William Stein: Yeah, no, absolutely. So, and I think, we announced Sydney in this earnings release; we're looking at a couple of other markets in Asia, as well as Europe where we're going to be adding land. I think we're in pretty good shape in the U.S.
A. William Stein: Jon, relative to other markets in Latin America, entry there will very much be driven in response to customer demand. We are in close dialogue with almost all of our top cloud customers, as you might imagine. And the extent to which we enter new markets will be driven by what we hear from them. So we're not going to embark upon a build it and they will come strategy as it relates to new markets. It will be very much driven by specific orders, if you will, from key customers. I think it's suffice to say though, there's a high likelihood that we'd enter at least one new market within the next 12 months down there based on what we're hearing.
A. William Stein: So, Colby, I gather you're looking for confirmation on whether or not Chile is the next entry point down there. Just keep in mind that when we enter a new market, we have a very rigorous process we go through here looking at the political risk, economic risk, currency risk, and everything that you expect. And at the end of the day, it goes to our board for approval. So I don't want to jump ahead of our board with respect to which new market we could enter next or the next one after that. Relative to Africa, I know you're referring to a specific opportunity there that's in the market, and you can assume that we see everything just because of our size and our history. Again, whether or not we act is really a function of a lot of factors, and that includes how comfortable we are with the risk factors associated with that market and the opportunity.
A. William Stein: We actually have Chris Sharp here in the room, who runs design. And he might be able to speak to construction, given an opportunity to speak, and then we'll turn it over to Andy to talk about the pipeline.
A. William Stein: I think this is unique. Mike, this is in some ways a giant construction project, development project with the type of growth return – returns growth which we expect over multi-year period. So, you know while we've talked about unlevered returns that are in the high teens on these development projects, you know the EBITDA growth that I've seen in the underwriting, year one was 50%, year two about 35%. So obviously that's off a low base, but that's certainly accretive to our growth rates on standalone basis.
A. William Stein: Mike, I guess my observation and we're not nearly as versed in industrial space as our neighbors at ProLogis, so they can give you maybe they – good thing to ask their view on the same question. But my understanding on industrial space is, it's an asset class that did not have rent growth for a fairly long time. And now a little bit more on the heels of some of the technology trends and the reorganization of the supply chain, you have these fairly attractive rental rate growth and ultimately releasing spreads. Our space certainly not been as long as it's been around as long as industrial space, really has it's a composite of leases that had called it 5 year, 10 year, 15 year leases with 2% to 3% bumps for a long time. And look, I agree with you, what is surprising you're not seeing much more aggressive cash mark-to-market. They're not, I won't say they're 2.5% year-to-date cash mark-to-market is not nothing, it's still decent. I think what you're seeing with our space is a different kind of cycle relative to the in-place leases relative to some of the industrial leases. And I also think what's a little bit different about our asset class and our platform is, and we mentioned a little bit in the prepared remarks, we try to utilize our competitive advantages when we have renewals with a customer like the one I mentioned, at one of our Chicago campuses, we're happy to take a less aggressive posture in that negotiation in order to either contractually tie-up at the same time or to have a happy customer that wants to grow with us. In that example, we renewed a less than 0.5 megawatt deal for the negative cash mark-to-market, but at the same time, we grew them at that same location where they were currently and also at a rough growth campus a total of 3 megawatts across both locations. So it's kind of a win-win, where you look at that just the renewal by itself and you would come away looking fairly negative. But I can tell you economically it was an attractive value proposition for Digital, and I think was attractive for the customer because they were able to enjoy the benefits of our platform.
A. William Stein: Sure. Thanks, Sami. So listen this is a – as I mentioned another robust and diverse and successful quarter on the signings, six of the last seven quarters now, over $50 million, and it was a short strength across the product offerings and sectors. If you look at the, call it $69 million of bookings that the colocation and interconnection piece of the pie, which was call it approaching $18 million that has much more of a monthly cadence to it. So obviously, we have an idea of pipeline but those deals move from upside to outlook and commit every month in a monthly close. So let's call it just a little bit less than a third of the signings. On the larger end on the bigger side including the 20-plus megawatt deal that work, and that deal started well before June 30. And it probably went on for a couple quarters. The tricky thing about that is, it's a large massive project and aligning contractually and with deliveries and operationally takes a lot of work and a very talented sales team, remember taking the lead on that one, but really supported by the entire Digital Realty organization to bring that over. And that could have signed on September 1 or September 30, there's no – nobody can control that the destiny of that deal. After that you got several in the call it 1 megawatts to 5 or so megawatts, and they're all on the different tracks with different customers and different markets. And then we also have a handful deals in the middle. So I think the key is maintaining a very large and diverse pipeline and making sure we are delivering for the customers, and try to bring, meet their timelines as fast as possible.
A. William Stein: Thank you, Andrea. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the third quarter. As outlined here on the last page of our presentation. We advanced our top priority of deepening connections with our customers, delivering our second highest quarterly bookings on record. And our backlog reached another all-time high. We further extended our global platform with a definitive agreement to acquire Ascenty, the leading data center provider in the rapidly growing Brazilian market. We once again delivered solid current period financial results being in consensus by a $0.01 and we remain on track to deliver double-digit growth in AFFO per share again in 2018. Last but not least we further strengthened our balance sheet raising $1.1 billion of common equity to fund our future growth and refinancing our $3.3 billion of credit facilities to extend the weighted average maturity of our debt by a full year. As I do every quarter, I'd like to conclude today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty team whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. Thank you all for joining us and for your interest in the company and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in November.
Andrew Power: Thank you, Michael. It's – this is Andy. I would say, listen, the timing of when any particular renewal gets done and over the finish line is always tricky to map to a quarter because the – our customers obviously don't necessarily march to that same cadence. Based on I'd say some advanced dialogue we've had with few of our larger customers that have a handful of renewals coming up in the next several quarters and years, I think our estimation is that we may get a few of the larger ones done in the fourth quarter hence we have a little bit of more cautious view to the mark-to-market, which has been year-to-date positive 2.5% on cash basis and I think close to 5.5% or so on a GAAP basis, hence the slightly negative on our full-year guidance table.
Andrew Power: Hey, Jon, this is Andy. I'll tackle the second – excuse me, I'll tackle the first of, I think, three in here, and I'll toss it to Bill, and he can toss it back to me if he likes. So first on the deal sizes, as we mentioned, a bit of a bring down since we announced the Ascenty transaction we signed, an incremental – or I shouldn't say we signed, the Ascenty team has signed an incremental 3.6 megawatts to two different customers, which speaks to your point that these are top cloud, global cloud service providers buying in the, call it, less than 3.6 megawatts a turn sizing, and that's consistent with their track record for certainly the last 12 months. I think that is very much comparable to their stages of growth for those similar customer profiles here in North America or Europe or Asia, for that matter, going several years back, and we're aware of the fact that the Ascenty team has been in dialogue with several of those customers in taking on certainly larger takes. So we expect, similar to migrations, in terms of size of capacity that the deal sizes will grow. We're quite pleased that the Ascenty platform and team has landed the initial cloud on ramp and compute nodes, and our hit track record is where these customers typically land is where they expand. So we're quite optimistic on that. Maybe I'll hand it over to Bill to talk about Mexico and the other markets, Jonathan Atkin.
Andrew Power: And then lastly, Jonathan, I think you had asked about also an update on our joint venture with Mitsubishi Corporation Japan. I would say things are going very well on that front. Last quarter we announced a strategic win with a top cloud service provider into the Tokyo asset. The capacity is coming online also in Osaka. I think subsequent to quarter end, we'll announce a new win with a top five cloud service provider on that new campus, and then we have a pretty long runway of growth on that campus and I have seen a substantial amount of customer inquiry. And I'd probably add Tokyo back to the list of locations where we'll be looking to continue to procure additional WAN capacity.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Colby. So you're correct, closing in the fourth quarter, our estimated timing is probably call it late November-ish. And obviously in conjunction with that we'll close on a portion of the equity offering to fund our share into that venture. We've obviously not given out 2019 guidance just yet given we're standing on the third quarter earnings call, and we'll be happy to give you components of the model for 2019 guidance when the full company guidance comes out. I think the best that I can give you is about 2% dilution in 2019, ultimately then becoming accretive by 2021, a good chunk of that dilution due to the fact that we are mitigating risk through a non-recourse secured debt financing that carries an interest rate double the Digital Realty interest rate. So forgoing that near-term FFO, and this is really a risk mitigating strategy, and we obviously have the financing components, be it the cost of debt and the amount of shares, so I bet you could back into the amount of EBITDA using the three numbers. Maybe I'll toss it back to Bill for thoughts on some of these other international markets.
Andrew Power: Hey, thanks, Michael. This is Andy. I'll maybe start off and Bill and Chris can chime in. I think what we found here was a quite unique and somewhat unusual opportunity to enter a market and essentially step into a dominant market leading position, 30% plus market share, where the next competitor is close to a third in terms of size. So far ahead already landed the initial critical compute nodes in network on ramps for the top and largest buyers of what we offer and essentially have this dominant position to deploy incremental capital to support our customers' growth. Now what's unique about that with it was that close to half of the contractual revenue was associated with a project where the building is being constructed. So there's certainly timelines that these projects need to be delivered and contracts need to commence. And the other unique aspect, which I touched upon earlier is the fact that we went into this with a risk mitigation approach not only by choosing Brookfield as equity partner given their experience in the region for close to 100 years and their massive investments in that region, but we also pursued a non-recourse piece of secured debt financing that covers the cost of debt that is double-digit rate. So, we actively diluted our earnings attributed to heavier coupon debt in order to mitigate risk. And I'd say while it's dilutive to our core FFO and AFFO per share call it 2%, we see call it closer to 1% positive in 2021 and I would say that's on our fairly conservative underwriting really essentially building out the capacity that team in hand has today. And when in reality I think this platform is going to grow not only in Brazil onto the option land they have, but also in other parts of the South America as our platform. I don't think there's a lot of other opportunities that I've seen there in my career inside or outside the data center space or opportunities that I see out there today that really line up like that, like there's another one of these out there, but maybe Bill can chime in a little bit.
Andrew Power: Sure. Thanks, Sami. I'll talk a little bit about the most recent trends in both the interconnection revenue recognized through the P&L and also signings, where we think both are going, and then I'll ask Chris to chime in about applications and the implications from the applications. So obviously we had somewhat muted year-over-year growth in the P&L from the interconnection revenue, closer to mid-single-digits. I'm certainly not pleased where we think that product offer can go. We are – I would say a little bit in the results, you saw a little bit of headlines from some of the M&A consolidation on the telco space, where those buyers are just not as demonstrably large buyers of the interconnection offering when two of those companies have combined. And that trend has been playing out in the M&A world for a while and now starting to flow through a little bit on the P&L. I would say I remain optimistic for the ensuing quarters or next year in getting that revenue line item to be getting closer to high single digits, if not double digits on the P&L. What gives me optimism is we have been putting up more solid signings quarters, about $8 million for the last couple quarters. The composition of those signings have been from – you can see some of these in anecdotes we put from the customer signings about multi-market, re-architecting the backbones, multi-sites where they need new interconnection. And also what gives me confidence is the new logo trends, which have been trending up quarter over quarter each quarter this year to 48 new logos plus the eight through our P&A channel. And as we've seen in prior experiences, when new logos land, they obviously take initial connectivity offering, but then they substantially grow their customers' connectivity profile in the high teens. So the new logo connecting within our ecosystem spurs incremental interconnection revenue. The composition of the locations, it's certainly been the dominant North America sites, including New York City markets, Chicago, Atlanta, and then London and Europe. And I think one thing that's been a pretty good uplift is actually we've seen a material pickup in our interconnection or connectivity bookings within Ashburn, which I'd say is on the heels of launching some fairly quite successful colocation and interconnection offerings in that market. I'm not sure if we're going to do our second or third part that it gets that off. And so all these things to me in my mind are going to drive incremental interconnection bookings. And maybe I'll let Chris speak to a little bit of the longer-term trends.
Chris Sharp: Absolutely, thank you, Andy. So, Simon, great question and it was alluded to earlier by Bill with the fact that we have an industry-leading global supply chain and a part of that is a key element is the VMI program, Bill had walked through. But that VMI program is definitely something that's allowed us to really maintain a relatively the same cost in the same delivery timelines that we have for the last couple of quarters. I'm also trying to emphasize the fact that with the way that we've been building in larger chunks and being able to establish a longer term relationship with a lot of the local construction teams and keeping them on jobs for a longer period of time, have been able to also alleviate any kind of spikes or mishaps in any of the construction projects that we have coming online in the market today. But I'd also emphasize the fact that this is something that Digital has been doing for some time now and we have alluded to the real estate heritage of Digital Realty. I would also allude to the heritage of being a construction company that's operated in more markets around the world than a lot of our competitors. So that has provided us a very phenomenal opportunity to kind of consistently deliver our product offerings and some of the most economical elements possible to our customer base and meeting the stringent timelines that we're seeing from a lot of these larger and smaller customer base that's coming into our asset class. So I would say the short answer is, we don't see any spikes today and we've really locked in a lot of the variability and we continue to deliver I think an industry leading price point to the market today.
Chris Sharp: That's a great question. It depends on the market. There are so many variabilities. We can't really go into an apples-to-apples comparison, but I would tell you just some of the new money coming into the market, I don't think they really realize the stringent nature of giving power to the facility and securing the right resources and because of the competitive dynamic that exists in the market today, I would tell you that the talent that is required to build out these facilities is becoming extremely scarce. And that's why we continue to secure long-term contract with the appropriate people to do the very complex installs and builds. And that's why I tell you, it's really hard to place a simplistic model against their money coming in, but there are a lot of pitfalls out there that we've seen certain providers – with PE providers and even existing providers fall into on getting that power, getting those resources allocated. And then also the last piece that we've talked about a couple of times the supply chain, right. Making sure you have the available infrastructure and inventory to hit those timelines. And you know we've been able to achieve some industry leading timelines on delivery of shells, delivery of data hauls and just a full fit out. But I would tell you it's hard to give you any specifics, but we definitely are very pleased with some of the teams that we've had in the field for some time now.
Chris Sharp: Absolutely. Thanks, Andy. You had highlighted this earlier, Andy, about proximity. And I think that's something that you have to look at, particularly in that market where we have these immense data lakes or immense set of infrastructure that's already deployed there. So that's why we're looking at this longer-term contiguous land where you have availability of power in a very proximate location. And there's a bunch of benefits that are afforded to a lot of our top customers and being able to provide them that. And so that's one element of why we see it growing within that market. And in particular, we're also seeing the fact that there are so many new applications coming to market. And we highlighted this at our Investor Day, where we talked about the second generation of cloud and the next wave of cloud infrastructure. So any of the AI or any of the new blockchain and any of the new technologies coming out, Ashburn is a critical epicenter to be able to leverage the existing data to support these new services. So they're not standalone silos, they need a consistent set of infrastructure to efficiently launch them at the global scale needed. But that's why we believe very strongly in the Ashburn market.
Chris Sharp: Thank you, Andy, and yeah, Sami, so I think you're very aware of the interconnection dynamics that exist out there, but one of the other elements I would highlight is just some of the new cloud on-ramps that are coming into our facility. So those have a bit of a lag in picking up and customers really starting to be able to leverage that new interconnect paradigm that's core to digital. And I would tell you that as the interconnection shifts to where the actual clouds reside, it's creating a brand new opportunity, where you probably hear a lot of people talk about a cloud-first world. One of the things we've often looked at is we have to provide a different type of interconnect model to meet these new application demands. And so I would tell you that with these on-ramps coming into our connected campus and getting set up to where they can leverage the broader markets, and these are enterprise customers and it's across all the verticals, but they can leverage our Service Exchange to start to seamlessly consume all of these major cloud services privately in a much more secure broader manner. I definitely see that picking up. And one of the things we've also referenced at a high level is just some of the newer cloud applications that we've brought onto the Service Exchange, where it's not just about your traditional IaaS infrastructure, it's about SaaS. And so with the recent announcement of our Salesforce.com capability and bringing that SFDC infrastructure online so you can consume it privately as well, it's definitely setting us apart and making more and more ecosystems represented inside of our Digital Realty campus so that customers can get value out of that. And so there's not a new application coming to market that doesn't have very dynamic interconnection requirements, but I would say the last high-level element I would leave you with is the most efficient supply chain wins. So the more you can directly connect to where the actual cloud and network nodes are or where those services reside, the better off your overall performance is going to be. And that's something that we've touted on previous calls and we talk a lot about is the fact that we've brought to market what we feel is a very unique offering with interconnected scale, which represents the best of both worlds for the cloud providers and the cloud consumers. And so that set us up for some future growth potential around our interconnection, and we look at that very positively over the next couple of quarters.
