A. William Stein: Thanks, Jon. I'll take your first question and I'll hand it over to Andy to adjust the -- to answer the Singapore REIT. First of all, I think you're right about inflation in terms of the opportunity that it presents. I think there's no doubt that it disproportionately, adversely affects our smaller competitors and widens our competitive moat. Over time, I would expect that rental rate increases will disproportionately accrue to the larger incumbent providers.  There are basically 2 pieces to the inflation issue: the first is development, the second is operations. On the development side, we are -- our pipeline is on time and it's on budget, and they're kudos to Erich Sanchack, who leads our operations and procurement team for the vendor management programs that he's put in place, providing us fixed pricing for several years out, for diversifying our vendor mix and for allowing our -- for locking in our general contractors. We have a lot of construction sites around the world, and we're able to move our GCs around and keep them fully occupied.  And I think our global scale as well as our maturity as a builder gives us a substantial competitive advantage here. But again, I don't think there's any doubt that market rents will eventually need to move up to maintain risk-adjusted returns. And I think that, that's both because of the increase in construction costs that show up in the denominator. But I think for our private competitors who are operating with more leverage, I think you're going to see that show up in the higher interest rates. So to -- I think they're going to have to raise their costs for that reason as well.  And I think the readthrough here is actually really positive for our renewals because as our rates on new product increase, our rates will also, I expect, increase for renewals. So the bottom line there is that modest inflation, we think, is quite healthy for the business. And in terms of our customers, this shouldn't come as a surprise to them because to the extent that they're doing it themselves, they're seeing this development in their own supply chains.  Relative to the operations of the P&L, I think as you probably know, our leases provide for significant pass-throughs. So for example, over 90% of our utility costs this last quarter were passed through to customers. We also have rent bumps generally between 2% and 3%. And then we have, I think, the highest operating -- or the best operating leverage of highest margins in the business. So what that means is that labor or labor costs, which I think is what's most susceptible to inflationary pressure, is a relatively low percentage of the revenue component in the income statement. And so with that, I'll hand it over to Andy to talk about the Singapore REIT. 
A. William Stein: Yes, I'm going to turn it over to Chris to handle the edge questions since he spends a fair bit of his days on that particular initiative. 
A. William Stein: Thanks, Simon. So listen, we are in the middle of budget season, and I got my head of FP&A to my right and he'll step on my foot really painfully if I get out of my skis here. But that being said, listen, we got a same-store pool that's going to materially grow. And I think it's in a positive direction with the addition of Interxion, the Westin Building, Altus IT, our business in Athens. We've acquired higher pricing power components added to the mix.  We're also making great progress on re-leasing the capacity that was vacated at the beginning of this year, a huge portion of signings as -- that I mentioned we did this quarter has been falling into vacant or vacated capacity, so a quick resumption of cash flow from that space that sat idle for a portion of 2021. So net-net, I think there's a few things that kind of point to this kind of more positive trajectory in the same-store pool. Hence, my comment about optimistic of where we're going for 2022. 
A. William Stein: Yes, Frank, I mean, that's -- I don't think that's going to be -- that's not going to show up next quarter or the quarter after, I think. But I do think if you see sustained inflation, it's going to start flowing through to our competitors' construction costs. As I said, I think it will show up in higher interest rates. And I think it will put upward pressure on rents across the board, which will affect not just our new leasing but renewal leasing. But it's hard to put a specific time on it, certainly not going to be in the next quarter or two. 
A. William Stein: Thank you, Andrea. I'd like to wrap our call today by recapping our highlights for the third quarter as outlined here on the last page of the presentation. One, our value proposition is clearly resonating with customers. PlatformDIGITAL attracted a record number of new logos. We had another quarter of strong new bookings and a record level of renewals. Most importantly, customers know that we will do what we say. Even when global supply chains are stressed, Digital Realty delivers.  Two, we're continuing to extend our global platform. We are investing organically to enhance our global footprint while expanding our platform into India, along with additional strategic connectivity destinations circling the African continent.  Three, we generated double-digit revenue growth during the third quarter, once again exceeding consensus expectations. And once again, we raised our full year outlook. Last but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet, locking in attractively priced long-term debt and supplementing it with equity capital that will be drawn down over the next 18 months to support our global development program.  I'd like to once again thank the Digital Realty frontline team members in critical data center facility roles, who have kept the digital world turning. I hope that you all stay safe and healthy, and we hope to see many of you virtually in a couple of weeks at NAREIT and hopefully in person again sometime soon. Thank you. 
Andrew Power: Thanks, Bill. So Jon, you picked up obviously in the 8-K we put out there a few weeks ago. We are kind of heading down the path of exploring essentially an IPO of a portfolio on the Singapore market. This is not our APAC business, which has significant amounts of capacity under construction and land and the like. This is essentially being more analogous to almost like a private capital partner to Digital Realty for stabilized, fully well-leased, high-quality core long-term hold data centers to Digital and our strategy.  Somewhat analogous to one of our joint ventures that we've done in the past couple of years with that one of which was with a Singapore REIT. We're still working through this. It's a long IPO process. There's no certainty on the outcome or completion. Sizing would be obviously a modest IPO size to begin with. But we do think this option has the merits of being an attractive long-term partner vehicle to Digital Realty. 
Andrew Power: Yes. Just maybe just a little more color. I mean the overall sign was a strong quarter, well north of $100 million. In North America, as you pointed out, it was in our prepared remarks, we had a sizable signing where we essentially came to the table with a holistic relationship-oriented solution for our customer, combining a renewal that impacted our mark-to-markets as well as the new signing.  On the renewal, if you pulled that out of our mark-to-markets, we're positive 1%, but it was a 30-megawatt signing so it was a large kind of contributor to that. And on the new signing, I think it was into 4 or so different data halls. It was spread across both Ashburn and Chicago. It was 100% into existing vacant or to-be-vacated capacity, so a direct flow through to the bottom line, not, call it, future re-leasing. And so we think it was an attractive combination of helping a customer grow with us on our campus. And this is a customer we see future growth in years to come. So happy to support them. 
Andrew Power: So maybe I'll -- Jordan, this is Andy again. I'll try to take them in backwards order. So we have, call it, approaching 300, 270-something of megawatts, shovels in ground all the way to opening doors as we speak. And we are insulated in terms of our cost and procurement, whether it's through our VMI programs or through just supplier contracts and other things we do have been focused on building new capacity for so many years consistently.  Beyond that, we are not fully insulated but those VMIs I just mentioned do extend. They're primarily focused in North America. They extend until 2023 so we do have a fair bit of insulation. We're not whistling by the graveyard on this topic. Obviously, inflation is here and will impact anyone that's called in the development arena. But we do believe given our size, scale as the largest developer and track record, that we're going to fare better than our competitor set and especially any newer incumbents to development.  In terms of urgency, I think our customers are always urgent despite making massive financial decisions. Maybe I'll have Corey jump in a little bit to give you a little bit of flavor on the customer plans. 
Andrew Power: And then David, on the second question, so just to review a few facts. So 90%, if you look at our just P&L, 90% of the power is reimbursed overall. We do pursue a hedging strategy primarily on our deregulated markets where you see potential greater volatility. We're about 85% hedged with contract durations ranging from 1 to 3 years. We also, as you know, are incredibly focused on sustainability. Green power procurement is a massive part of that playbook, and we pride ourselves in what we've done in that efforts to further green our portfolio, including power purchase agreements.  Some of those have a potentially offsetting impact if in the event that power prices are to surge that provides an incremental hedge to power costs. So where we see it in the event that this elevated power scenario plays out for the duration of 2022, we'd look at it as just a couple of cents, which call it, every $0.01 is just almost $3 million. So not -- I wouldn't say a material headwind at this time. 
Andrew Power: Yes. And then also from a pipeline perspective, Simon, I would just tell you that PlatformDIGITAL and just our thought leadership around data gravity is really taking hold, right? Our enterprise pipeline's growing across all regions, so really happy with that. Gartner was forecasting solid growth in enterprise IT spend. It just feels like we're in kind of the early innings of the IT transformation for the enterprises.  As mentioned in the opening remarks, this quarter represented a new high for us, new logos at 140 new logos, so think about that as a proxy for enterprises continuing to decide to buy and partner with us. So we feel good about the demand signals in our pipeline going forward. Hopefully, that answers your question, Simon. 
Andrew Power: Sure. So Matt, maybe I'll do it in reverse order here for just in order of efficiency here, make sure everyone gets the question. So core FFO, we're not -- we didn't pull forward our 2022 guidance dramatically. But I think we're definitely pleased with how we're putting up results this year that has got, call it, double digits top line, kind of 7% year-over-year performance at the bottom line. We've now raised our guidance, so we're just over the 5%, call it, year-over-year for 2021. And you heard from Corey and Bill and the others we're confident in the pipeline.  So we think -- we're looking to kind of grow the bottom line higher next year than this year. So that's a continuation of things I've been saying for pretty much every quarter of '21. But sorry, no sneak preview on '22 guidance just yet. On competitive landscape, I think that refers to leasing competitive landscape, and has there been any changes on the backs of M&A or whatever in our space? I mean, Corey should chime in here, but by and large, I don't think I've seen any dramatic change.  I think the trend has been our friend, for now, several quarters of more and more customers attracted to a global platform across 25 countries, 50 metropolitan areas, spanning the full customer spectrum, supporting those -- most of those 4,000 customers in the retail-oriented environments all the way up to the dedicated data halls for hyperscalers who we have in, call it, north of 45 different locations. And I've not seen any dramatic change in that. And I think you can see that now on several quarters of consistent, call it, results. But Corey, I don't know if you have any different observations. 
Andrew Power: Honestly, Frank, they're backfilling vacant capacity so it wasn't like we were building out a new building. I think a good chunk of that is legacy DFT capacity, which we did a stock-for-stock deal and hence, it was kind of a currency exchange. So I don't think the development -- I don't think the development yield would be the right way to look at it.  You can look at the -- given its size, it was the preponderance of the North America signings in the plus megawatt category, which -- listen, we always want rates to be higher, but we -- those are 2 markets where I would say that we -- I think we garnered a fair economic rate for that capacity, and we're refilling something that's already built in our capitalization. We're paying tax -- real estate taxes on it. We're operating the capacity so it's going to flow through to our bottom line. And we've not changed, I would say, our development target returns on the, call it, 270 megawatts that we have under construction. That actually inched up a smidge this last quarter. 
Andrew Power: Just one thing, just 2 buckets there, selling outright noncore assets that Greg did a great job of describing, streamlining our portfolio, aligning with growing customers, long-term growth assets. And then I think it was touched on one of the first or second questions on also evolving our capital sources in terms of core assets and raising private capital, all of this with the initiative of trying to accelerate our bottom line growth through capital efficiency. 
Andrew Power: Erik, I don't think there's any limitations. We always have room for more leasing in any given quarter. And I know Corey's also chomping at the bit for more inventory to sell into quickly. But listen, I think it was a pretty very healthy quarter. You look at the geo mix, how well spread across each of the regions. You look at the enterprise mix with less than 1 megawatt in interconnection, call it, 40%; record 140 new logos. That record 140 had a record contribution from -- on quarter lease, [ reckon ] last 6 quarters from North America and I think #2 from an EMEA contribution.  You could see from the new logo or some of the logos we called out in my prepared remarks, kind of like more old world enterprise, global power firms and universities to burgeoning technologies like autonomous driving. And I think on the hyperscale side, a little bit similar. Some of the, call it, house names of digital growing with us into existing inventory as well as some, call it, next-generation hyperscalers landing with us in Tokyo, which I think was our second and third largest signing. So broadly pretty healthy and we're not done yet for 2021. 
Andrew Power: So we're going to get them all rapid-fire here. Listen, I think we've been saying for some time, we think we're moving into a better territory on the cash mark-to-market. And I think the -- what you see in our guidance, including the fourth quarter, relative to what we are trending already reported for the year speaks to that. And I think I've been saying that for some time that I think we're heading to more -- better territories. So again, we're not done with the budget and certainly not our guidance for 2022, but it feels like we're -- based on the mix, both product and geos and composition, we're in a better territory than we were certainly at the beginning of this year on that stat.  We did -- across 4 or so suites, so different buildings across roughly half and half Ashburn and Chicago, a total of about 30 megawatts of new signings with the same customer that also did roughly 30 megawatts of renewals in the same quarter. And you could see this was a really super high renewal quarter overall for us. We've usually been doing like 100 megawatts or just shy of that in that plus than [ 1-megawatt ] LTM standpoint on. And so you can see, I think we had 53 or something in that category this quarter. So a high renewal activity quarter. So hopefully, that paints the picture on those two.  Undrawn forward equity offering, yes, we -- listen, we -- the equity offering was again opportunistically derisking our development CapEx plan, and we're able to extend the duration of that contract so we have greater flexibility to essentially feather it into our sources or uses over time at the right time for the business, which hopefully better -- is better measured and help contributes to our earnings growth in the ensuing years.  Facebook CapEx increasing, I don't think we have got any inside information on that. They're a large customer. We've done -- we did new business with them in the last quarter. But I don't see how it could be a negative necessarily, but I don't want to over-index that is super positive to the industry. 
Andrew Power: Yes, Aryeh, so I mean, inflation -- I believe inflation is here. If you filled up your car or purchased milk at the grocery store, I think Bill's comments to one of the questions, it didn't mean like overnight, the data center industry got a rate reset. I think we've seen inflationary pressures prior to this hard cost inflation happen where markets just got tighter as they ran up to the physical boundaries of infrastructure, right? So our Santa Clara and Northern -- Santa Clara's an example of that. I mean our leasing success has been certainly a [ healing ] to the Ashburn market. We saw this in Frankfurt. Singapore saw this in terms of supply limitations, driving up pricing, which we've raised pricing there at least 5 times, I think, in the last 12 months.  And I think Bill's commentary is that, listen, as this continues to hit [ car ] costs and delivery or access to the infrastructure is to bring on new supply which is, we believe, is going to be disproportionately impacting smaller subscale newer entrants, that means that our customers have less options in terms of their providers. And I think that as our costs get inflated, we have to examine our rates and on a market-by-market supply and demand and costing basis.  And listen, I think we're -- do the -- going to be the best out there in terms of insulating our customers from this. But I know -- I think if this period continues for a long time, we haven't had inflation realistically since, call it, the end of the Carter administration. So we're in new territory for many of us. But I think it's -- I think we're going to fare better at the end of the day.  And we are insulated in terms of we have rent escalators, fixed bumps in most of our contracts. And I think our scale and purchasing power on an operating side as well as the build cost side provides insulation in addition to some of the other risk mitigations we mentioned earlier in the call. 
Andrew Power: I would -- I believe it's probably 10-ish percent above new signings in apples-to-apples comparable markets. We typically see renewals have greater pricing power than new deals, just on the customer has a strong preference to not risk infrastructure or workload on a move. 
Andrew Power: It could be higher than that, actually. I would say it's probably that's maybe on the skinnier side. But it all depends on the facts and circumstances of the supply and demand, the utilization of the infrastructure, the customers' growth plans, the workload. Is it B2C? Is it B2B? All these things kind of go into the factors that drive the commercial outcome on those. And it was 30 megawatts all at once, right? So 30 megawatts of new signs for 30 megawatts of renewals, all with a stroke of a pen. 
