Matt Mercier: Yes. Ari, this is Matt. Thanks for the question. So look, I think with the way that we’re looking at our plan this year, as Greg and Andy mentioned, in terms of $2 billion at the midpoint for asset sales and joint ventures, really being the bulk of funding for our – the development spend that we have left. And then if you look at – we’re looking at 8% to 9% growth in our adjusted EBITDA, which I think will be a big part of our deleveraging plan also for this year. So without giving a specific number, I would say we’re going to be well on our way to bringing leverage back down closer to 6x by the end of the year.
Matt Mercier: Yes. So, Jon, look, I think to be brief, we feel pretty good about the fundamentals of the business. I think that we have talked about, a number of us have talked about, pricing and demand feel good. And therefore, that leads us to have strong conviction on our same capital cash NOI growth and the associated mark-to-markets that are going to help drive that. And then on top of that, in terms of continuing to lease up our development pipeline, that goes back to, again, feeling strong about where we are in the demand cycle and our ability to capture that. So, what that leaves remaining, I would say is timing around when the dispositions and the joint venture capital come to close. And maybe last, I know we talked about FX a lot last year. Right now, we are assuming that FX is neither a headwind nor a tailwind, but that’s also something we can’t control that could have influenced next year based on where we are in the economy.
Matt Mercier: Sure, Mike. So, let’s talk about revenue because I think that’s the one that’s got more – a little bit more to unpack in it for when you are looking year-over-year. So, I think as most of us know, power has been a big topic, and we expect to be – continue to be a topic. We are, like other operators seeing increases in power costs, particularly in EMEA. So, if you look at that growth, it’s around 23% from 22%, the midpoint 23%, roughly 14% of that is tied to utility reimbursements correlated to higher expected power costs. And just a reminder, we expect the majority – I would say the majority of our contracts are full pass-through. And even those contracts that are not full pass-through, we have for the majority of those, we have the ability to pass on price increases, which we either have done or will do soon. So, we are not expecting any or very minimal bottom line impact to our results in ‘23 from higher power costs. So, that also – when you then net that down, you are talking about roughly speaking, 9% growth in our rental and interconnection revenue driven by the business, which also coincides with the growth in adjusted EBITDA that you will see there as you do – as you have done the math as well. In terms of then having that flow down to core FFO, look, I think part of that is what’s in the plan this year is to set us up for being able to do that going forward, being able to continue to leverage the fundamentals that are continuing to improve and accrue to our favor as demonstrated by the growth of the stabilized portfolio, so that when we get our leverage down and balance sheet and a stronger position, we should be able to see that going forward in ‘24.
Matt Mercier: So, the – I guess I will answer that in terms of like we are – obviously, timing is a factor, but our – the disposition, call it, joint venture capital plan that we have laid out, the range takes into consideration those potential dispositions.
Matt Mercier: Sure. I mean look, ultimately, the dividend is a Board level decision. I would – what I would add on to that is that it’s – in where we are, we would – our objective is to maximize our free cash flow available to us to fund the business. And then in relation to the dividend, we want to make sure that we are paying out 100% of our taxable income. We want to make sure that we have an appropriate payout ratio. And then on top of that, we need to consider some of the some of our plans, which include potential for dispositions that could generate capital gains that could also be part of that analysis.
Andy Power: Sure. I mean I think we’ve seen this pendulum on pricing moving our favor now for several quarters. It started to move at the beginning of 2022, gain steam, became more broad-brushed and I think it was a combination of not only supply and demand, but our value proposition really resonating with our customer base. In a backdrop, we’re quite honestly, it’s never probably been harder if you bring on capacity, procure power as well as the asset plan. This is – we ended the year overall in positive territory. The less than 1 megawatt, which is becoming a much larger and larger portion of our revenue base obviously led the way. We had some positive quarters in greater than net. We had some slightly negative quarters. If you look at the greater than 1 megawatt, again, and I know we’re really tied to making excuses. It takes one single deal just to pull it down, just call to 3% in that category when predominant deals are moving in positive territory. This year is the first called overall inflection to positive territory and cash mark-to-markets in several years, where we’re guiding to for 2023 will be literally the best cash mark-to-market inflection in close to 10 years for our business, and it’s obviously it’s increasingly a dramatic amount. And I think all those things I just mentioned in terms of our value proposition as well as supply/demand moving in our favor. Ashburn is – or Northern Virginia, excuse me, is a prime example of it. This quarter, 170 million of gap, 50 almost 60 megawatts had almost nil Ashburn signings in it. And you could say last quarter did not have a super large amount either due to, call it, the tightness of that market, the coming or deliveries or bringing on more capacity. So we don’t have a water statistical set of data to point to. But what we’re seeing on the quotes going out, the interactions with new customers is that these rates are moving swiftly well past the hundreds into the much more firmer territory and still have ways to go in terms of runway.
Andy Power: Thanks, John. I’ll tackle the first one and then let Matt tell you how we’re going to beat the guidance we just put out an hour ago in real time to that one. So I won’t rehash it what was all throughout the script of what’s taking place for the last 60 days. But I can tell you, in that time had – I was able to see all three of our regions a lot of time with customers, the team made it home for Valentine’s Day preschool and be able to put some preliminary thoughts together on top priorities, which I outlined in the prepared remarks. But just to rehash them in a little bit greater detail. Obviously, first and foremost is demonstrably strengthening our customer value proposition. That is number one for an important reason. We’ve obviously assembled in a playful collection of digital in assets over the last several years, both inorganically and organically with what we’re doing in the likes of Rome, Barcelona, Israel, across Africa. Mexico City and even so harnessing the power of that platform is sort of the full customer spectrum with this diverse array of capabilities is going to be key. I firmly believe in delivering that to our customers with a global scale and consistency with true local expertise and really become that meeting place for both the enterprise and the service provider customers plus in 50 in growing metros north of 30 countries and 6 continents, all with the vein of accelerating our pricing power, internal and organic growth. Two, integrating and innovating is priority number two. We’ve had years of M&A that is in the rearview mirror. Just quite frankly, I think all the critical puzzle pieces when it comes to what we do have been taken off the board and we got more than our fair share. We need to complete that integration work and complete our own digital transformation, making it easier and for internal and external customers and also continue advancing on our innovation, both on the connectivity as well as the physical infrastructure front. You’ve seen at the likes of service fabric, which is just still in its infancy. And it’s got many great growth states to come. You’ll see that on the space and power front or things like Direct Connect, we landed in such a high consumption market with AWS just announced yesterday, along with pressing our sustainability leadership and making sure that we are lifting the bar for our industry and our asset class and doing what’s right for our customers and the world we live in. All that is about – it’s about elevating a data-driven approach to all facets of our business. Last but not least, again, diversify and bolster our capital sources. It’s about completing the non-core dispose we’ve talked about and then expanding our private capital partnership programs for both stabilized as well as development hyperscale assets with that in mind of enhancing capital efficiency, accelerating growth and returns to our digital shareholders. So that’s the nuts and bolts of the 3-point plan, and I’ll let Matt tackle your second question.
Andy Power: I think you had six more questions in there, Jon. But the – as Greg touched on already, there is been a dramatic rotation of capital into digital infrastructure. And there is just not enough places to put it in terms of assets built or coming right now. And we’re a great partner for that. We’ve had a history of partnership. We’ve done versions of this in parts of the world, be it Latin America or Africa and expanding that use of capital to – or call it, with traditional markets to accelerate our capital efficiency and tap into the resources of our platform and monetize these long runways of growth we have for the hyperscalers is really the playbook. So I don’t think there is – we’re all about trying to piece this together any simple fiduciary in mind playbook, limiting confident games. So we’re going to be looking and already have been talking to partners that are like-minded in that approach long-term investors in the space that really appreciate the value we deliver for our customers day in and day out. Maybe Matt, do you want to quickly do Jon’s question because I’m sure we got a few of others as well.
Andy Power: So, why don’t we take in reverse, so Greg, why don’t you hit on the program versus what gets done in calendar 2023.
Andy Power: And then, Michael, on your second question, listen, I think I look at it as a coming together of numerous puzzle pieces here. One, we have been adding the critical locations the world that our customers need for a full platform solution, grow to north of 50 metropolitan areas, 30-plus countries across six continents. And really, I would say, demonstrably leading coverage in some of the hardest parts of the world with their irreplaceable platform capabilities. Two, adding to that legacy magnetic destinations or customers and next-generation versions of those magnets. And we have seen many of those press released across multiple categories Others have less no variety, but ensuring the broadest attractiveness for our customer base based on our curation of our meeting player community. Three, has been technology to bear. Internal technology I talked about. We have been eating our own cooking when it comes to digital transformation and tying this together for our internal team members, which ultimately provides better experiences for our customers and remove the friction in their procurement and their business. And lastly, external innovation, which we have been doing with the likes of evolving from Service Exchange to ServiceFabric tying together our connectivity platforms. And then harnessing all that in one platform offering essentially that has the best of both worlds, a global platform, $50-plus billion enterprise serving the largest customers to the most local customers and doing it that scale and expertise combined with true on-the-ground local experience. But Chris can maybe add on some of the technology elements as well.
Andy Power: Sure. Thanks Frank. So, I mean Ashburn, I would say overall, the story remains the same of what transpired at the end of last summer. And the power – incremental power deliveries into the largest, most robust in the first market, quite frankly, in the world, is going to be restrained greatly for several years. Last quarter, I basically said I couldn’t guarantee it, but I have confidence that we, working with the power providers will be able to deliver on our customer commitments, which represents the lion’s share of just shy of 80 megawatts we have in our development cycle. Today, as you heard in my prepared remarks, we are good to go. We will be able to deliver for those customers, and there is no concerns about the power being available. What comes next is still to be determined. So IP, and again, similar solid answers I provide, I can’t promise you this, I can’t guarantee it. But I do have a strong amount of confidence that the tools in our tool kit at Digital Realty, given our experience in region, our critical and strategic landholdings, our breadth of infrastructure and our relationships will be able to be creative in terms of bringing on some incremental power deliveries in this bottleneck period. That is on top of what I would say is, obviously, Ashford is our largest market. I just looked at the 2023 expirations, while we are – we certainly have a higher retention, lower churn year expected relative to prior years. A large portion of our expected churn happens to be in Ashburn, which is a blessing given the ability to remarket that space at higher and better uses. So, all of these, but the Ashford story or saga continues, but broadly, it is greatly improving the pricing dynamic to a much more healthier environment for digital and other providers in the market. In terms of buying patterns, just tremendous amount of infrastructure across this part of Northern Virginia is not really shifting large-scale demand to other locations to any great stakes. So, folks are still clamoring for available capacity or staying where they are with us or in market, and we have not seen a title shift on this market and it will take a few years, but the Calgary is supposedly coming with new power brining project in the region from the South and the North.
Andy Power: Thank you, Andrea. So, in my earlier remarks, I did mention something we didn’t talk about on in the Q&A, but I do think this is an incremental tailwind of demand for our industry and Digital Realty as it relates to AI-related applications that we believe is on the precipice of driving an incremental wave of demand. As a result, I just recently asked ChatGPT, how AI would impact demand for data centers. Here is a summary of the response, and I quote, “The impact of artificial intelligence and the demand for data centers is likely to be significant in the coming years. As AI continues to gain traction and more and more businesses adopt AI-powered solutions, the demand for data storage and processing is expected to increase significantly. AI also has the potential to create new data-intensive applications such as autonomous vehicles, virtual reality and personalized medicine, further driving the demand for data centers. In short, the impact of AI on the demand for data centers is expected to be substantial and companies operating in this space are well positioned to benefit from this trend.” Obviously, self-serving – but when you see some of the innovation that’s playing out here and just the general media in the news, this AI trend has certainly come to fruition. And while this AI is certainly still in its development phase, we at Digital Realty, agree and excited – are excited by the forecast that ChatGPT just provided. In closing, Digital Realty had a strong 2022. We believe we are making the appropriate adjustments here and now in 2023 to position us to take advantage of the incredible opportunity that lies before us. I would like to thank all of our data team and exceptional team members of Digital Realty and everyone on this call for joining us today. Thank you.
