A. William Stein: Hi Jordan, thanks for the question. We, as you know, do not comment on market rumors, but I'll share with you our thought process regarding investments. First, as you know, we try to stay close to our customers, and in speaking with them, try to ascertain where they have an interest in growing. Second, we truly believe that our global platform represents a key competitive advantage. We think that's been validated with this quarter's results. When looking at new investment opportunities, we pay particular attention to new capabilities, new markets, platforms that are appealing. In our Investor Day last year, we did say that we were going to try to enter two new markets in the next three years and we put a map up of the largest economies. So from that map, you can probably draw your own conclusions. We do keep tabs on everything. We see everything because of our size. We look at potential markets all the time. And when we do participate in a new market and buy a portfolio, we try to remain disciplined with respect to capital allocation. So I hope that's helpful.
A. William Stein: Well, thank you first of all for the congratulations on the bookings in the quarter. We obviously feel really good about that. In terms of the specifics behind the guidance, I'll hand that off to Andy.
A. William Stein: Hey, Frank, we've touched on this before, but we have a program in place where we lock in our major equipment costs for three years. And that's really insulated us from equipment costs and material costs. The other thing that we do is we keep our contractors fully employed. In fact, if we're no longer building in one region, we'll move that contractor out to another region to keep them fully engaged and we find that by doing that it gives us very attractive labor cost as well. Andy, anything you'd like to add there.
A. William Stein: Sure. I'll start Frank and let the team chime in. We do have a slide that kind of rolls forward our commencement timing and which we somewhat segmented of what's kind of commencing in the back half of 2018 and on into 2019. As I mentioned in response to I believe the first question, a good portion of the 4Q 2018 commencements are late 4Q 2018, but there are some larger leases in there that will kick in and obviously (40:33) that is you've got a full-year's benefit in 2019 de-risking our growth there. So that should give you a little bit of color on the backlog and we also kind of provided some rough guidance in the composition of the quarterly 2018 core FFO per share. Your second question, you're correct, we have a new name on the leaderboard in terms of our top customer list here at digital. I think we all love each and every one of our customers equally. So I'm not going to say that's a good thing or a bad thing, but certainly I've seen customers that are already on there, adding more locations and expanding with us and also new names jumping on that top 20 list anytime we can.
A. William Stein: Michael, I'll handle your first question, and Andy will handle the second one. Relative to replacements, first of all, I think we clearly believe in our team. We think we have a very talented team. We think that's validated by the second quarter that's been delivered. But having said that, we're looking at both internal and external candidates for both the head of sales position and the Chief Investment Officer position and we're looking at some what I think are very high quality, high caliber candidates. We've engaged a search firm. We're also mining our own network, which we think is very good. But you know given the strength of our platform and the existing team, we're focused on bringing on the right people versus timing, and we're in no rush to fill these positions. We have a deep and talented team and we remain focused on executing our strategic vision.
A. William Stein: Well, that's why we have acquired the land that we did in Virginia, we acquired the land in Santa Clara. We'll probably have some other land announcements this quarter. So we're very focused on securing the frontend of the supply chain. We're laying down pads on our campuses so that we can build quickly when the demand materializes, so. And there are some markets where the inventory is being churned through very quickly, particularly in Northern Virginia but that's why we're adding land.
A. William Stein: Hey, Jordan, just let me add to that. So one thing that's really important to our customers, I don't think we've exactly hit on it here, but it's the ability to expand. So not only do the customers want to be able to fit into what we have built or will soon have built. But they want to be able to look and see that there's room for their growth on a campus and that's either in the existing facility or in a building next door and that's I think one thing that Digital provides that many of our competitors can't offer. And it goes to our point that we think that scale and particularly the global scale is a key differentiating factor in this business is becoming more and more important to our customers.
A. William Stein: I'd say it definitely varies by market as you'd expect in any real estate business. But, I think, the pricing is actually on a risk adjusted basis is pretty darn good for even the largest deals. You look at the term of the contract, you look at the credit quality and the bumps over the term of the contract and you take those returns against our weighted average cost of capital and so, it's a very healthy spread that I don't think you can find in many other parts of the real estate world, if any.
A. William Stein: Thank you, Denise. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the second quarter as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. We advanced our top priority of deepening connections with our customers, reaching record highs in both our bookings and our backlog. We further extended our sustainability leadership with our industry recognition as a green lease leader. We delivered solid current period finance results beating consensus and raising guidance. Last but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet by terming out borrowings in our line of credit with the successful issuance of $650 million of 10-year investment grade U.S. dollar corporate bonds. As I do every quarter, I'd like to conclude today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty team whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. Thank you all for joining us. And we hope you all enjoy the dog days of summer.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Jordan. So, as you mentioned, we were certainly pleased with not just the volume, but the composition of the new signings. The one thing I would note is a significant portion of those new signings were executed in the back half of the quarter. Thus the five months from sign to commence really only trickles in a few weeks or months into the fiscal 2018 year. The good news is that we are once again moving the chains on our guidance at the low and the high end and moving the guidance up to higher and higher single digit growth and we will get the full year benefit of those signings we signed this quarter next year, which does de-risk our growth in 2019.
Andrew Power: Thanks again, Colby, for the congratulations, appreciate it. This is Andy, maybe I'll tackle, actually probably both and let Bill and Chris chime in. On the interconnection front, we were pleased with the overall signs on interconnection and the step-up quarter-over-quarter, and we kind of often lump that together with the colocation signings, which did improve on a quarterly basis in terms of signings. They stepped up in Europe and North America and in aggregate, the largest contributors were some of our campus colocation expansions, be it Ashburn or Richardson, some new footprint in Atlanta we opened up in the last six to nine months, and also some of our core markets like New York, Chicago and London, we had some several wins in there for some great customers and I think what you're pointing out too is what flowed through the P&L, which was a little muted on a year-over-year basis. We did have some credits from our Amsterdam Data Tower migration moving some of our legacy customers from their existing footprint to newly built colocation facility to facilitate that disruption. We gave some credits on the interconnection revenue and we do think the other signs we signed will ultimately continue to grow that line item in the future. And I look at it as more of a longevity here of the re-architecting of the sales and marketing team, going vertical, getting the right reps on the right accounts and driving the cadence to drive more colocation interconnection revenue over the next several quarters. I think your second question was kind of around capital planning and financial policy. So, we did inch up the development CapEx guidance line item due to some of the wins we had on the signings front during the quarter and also attributable to some of the land purchases carrying future supply chain. Luckily, we ended the quarter at 5.2 times debt-to-EBITDA, in line with our targeted leverage levels and termed out our floating rate debt. So, we have call it less than $0.5 billion of revolver borrowings, so substantial liquidity and remain focused on organically or self-funding all our needs for 2018. Looking forward 2019, call it, the next 12 to 18 months from here, we're certainly going to have to evaluate all of our sources of capital, be it proceeds from our disposition capital-recycling program as well as other common, preferred equity and bond financing alternatives.
Andrew Power: Yeah, I'll just say that the theme on the markets where we're concentrating our investment focus versus markets where we're monetizing the similar trends be it when we exit Philadelphia, St. Louis, Sacramento and redeploy those capitals into Ashburn, Chicago, Dallas, Santa Clara and similar markets abroad it is targeted markets with robust and diverse customer demand from across all of our verticals, be it our global accounts, enterprise or network verticals and moving out of markets or less concentration in markets that are much more dependent on regional IT outsource demand and somewhat single thread.
Andrew Power: Sure. Just round that out and I'll turn over to the mark-to-market. I mean, I think the Europe activity has certainly picked up on the execution front and it's been broad-based to ranging from top three global cloud service providers to Asia based cloud service providers to local, a win we had in London market from an enterprise customer. So broad-based and traction continues and pipeline grows. Turning to the mark-to-market, we've had a positive cash mark-to-market on our renewals in the first quarter. We had another positive mark-to-market in the second quarter. It was broad-based across all of the major product lines. That being said, as we've referenced before we do still have a handful of larger leases in the portfolio, most notably those we've inherited and somewhat underwrote in our acquisition of the DuPont Fabros portfolio that will likely renew in the coming quarters, that could bring the overall year slightly negative or into the red. So it's not a definitive time table when, which particular quarter those get executed, but we did want to make sure that we incorporate that into our full year guidance.
Andrew Power: Just something that was akin to the legacy DuPont portfolio as well. So, on many of our larger footprint customers, we've been moving forward with a triple net lease structure that allows us to pass through escalations and costs over the term of the contract, but it also insulates us on our returns over-time.
Andrew Power: And then Michael turning to your guidance question, probably I'm not going to hit the nail on the head with this answer given that our policy is really to give full-year guidance not quarterly, we did try to be helpful on one of the slides in the deck that kind of bridges you from the second quarter to the third and fourth. A couple of things I'd highlight or the three things I'd highlight are one, some of the step down between second quarter and third quarter is we did execute an upsized U.S. dollar 10-year bond offering last month. That turned out our revolver borrowings and as you can see on the guidance table, we did that a little bit earlier than we had previously assumed taking advantage of a market window and preserving liquidity and which we think is the right thing to do for the balance sheet. But it does have a somewhat of a little drag in the quarter-to-quarter earnings. We also will get hit with the loss of NOI and the timing delay between redeployment and those funds coming back on through our development yields from some of the acquisitions we completed during the second quarter and our plan to complete in the third and fourth quarter. And then that kind of stair steps you down to 3Q 2018. And then lastly the fourth quarter, we do have already signed leases several in Northern Virginia that have signed and are commencing in late or a portion of which will commence in 4Q 2018 and then also there is another larger lease in the Santa Clara market, it's multiple megawatts that I'm aware of coming online and kicking into fourth quarter 2018 contribution that steps that core FFO per share backup per our guidance.
Andrew Power: Sure. Maybe I'll start off and let Bill and Chris chime in here. On the property taxes, that's really due to proactive management always chasing down appeals and working wherever we can. And also a bit of conservative accruals in terms of our estimates, a portion of that would be non-recurring unless we continue to achieve on a different appeal in a different market. They really were broken up between our UK portfolio and the West Coast region of North America portfolio. So, a little bit of that I would say is one time in nature, but all baked into the full year guidance we've kind of already incorporated. Turning to hyperscale or scale, maybe I'll just kind of hit the tops of the waves and guys chime in as you see fit. Outside of Northern Virginia, we had in North America scale signings the larger – on the smaller end, the scale signings ranged from call it north of 500 kilowatts to as high as 6 megawatts in Austin, Phoenix, Toronto and Santa Clara, one of which I just mentioned. If you move over to Europe, there was some of the transactions I mentioned with the enterprise customer in London, was call it 700 kilowatts and then we had other transactions in London, Amsterdam and Frankfurt ranging 2 megawatt to 4 megawatt each from three different customers. And then in Asia Pacific, we had on the smaller end, 600 kilowatt transaction from a European SaaS provider in Australia, multiple megawatt and then multiple megawatt signings from some of our other customers into Hong Kong and Tokyo.
Andrew Power: Sure. This is Andy, and then I'm going to pitch this to (49:30) Chris to add on. I mean I think we're seeing more and more multi-market, multi-product deployments. And the customer is coming to us with, I need these many, eight locations across North America, Asia, Europe of ranges of different sizes and different uses. And there's specific signs I can recall during the quarter with some of our network customers and some of our social media customers who have bought with us, not only large but also small network deployments in multiple markets, multiple geos. And I'm aware of many other transactions in the pipeline as well. We're having – being able to be at the table with these customers and being able to provide a solution, be it Amsterdam or London, Ashburn or Santa Clara and Asia Pacific equivalence is the key differentiator relative to our competitive set. And something we would not have had or would not be able to compete with just going back a handful of years. Chris, I don't know if you want to add on to that.
