Andrew Power: Hey thanks, Alex. Appreciate the kind words. I'm going to turn it to Greg to call speak to where we're going next in terms of capital raising on development JVs, maybe tie in what's happened back half of this year into 2024. And I can pick up on the core portfolio.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Alex. I think for your second question was about, call it, the core operating results we saw in the quarter year-to-date and how -- what we see in the back of the year, if I'm correct. We're certainly pleased on multiple fronts on the value proposition and pricing power coming through. We saw that in our new lease signings and ROIs as well as our cash mark-to-market and which flow through to our same-store growth. We had a quite strong quarter on those stats, and you saw that we updated our guidance for the full year. So as of right now, we think that these trends on the cash mark-to-markets and pricing power will continue into the back half of 2023.
Andrew Power: So, John, the NOVA market, the facts, I would say, remain the same in terms of transmission lines and arrival of utility power, which has really created an environment of demand well outpacing supply. We are, I'd say, less right now focused on signings that don't commence until 2026 based on the uncertainty of when in 2026 exactly that power rise. And quite honestly, making sure that we're maximizing the opportunity at hand for us. That market has seen dramatic price improvement. We've signed deals in the larger categories, call it, 140 or north of that per kilowatt. Again, that market was in the 70s, not so long ago. And the good news, as we reported, given our breadth and history in that market, we've been able to work with our utility provider and really cobble together incremental growth capacity for our customers across our campuses. If you add them all up, prior to the 2026 arrival, call it, by 2025, if not sooner, you're approaching, call it, 100 megawatts of growth capacity in Ashburn, which is in addition to our growth capacity that we have in Manassas.
Andrew Power: So, I can tell you, we didn't sign any 100 megawatt deals in this quarter. We are certainly around some of these opportunities. We're very focused on, call it, maximizing our footprint for its highest and best use in helping our customers the best way we can. Some of those deals obviously have led itself towards the AI domain for trading models, the need that large scales of contiguous capacity. I can tell you look at our footprint. We have extensive locations around the globe that we can help those types of customers. We are -- we've made great progress both in our capital sources, as you saw just in literally the month of July, really got back into firmer footing to support our customers' growth. Adding to that a development partner, I think we'll put even more fuel on fire to support that growth. So, I think when it comes to bigger and bigger deals, we got to make sure that they land in the right locations for Digital Realty and make sure we're maximizing the opportunity in terms of our -- what I call is really precious capacity in our land bank, in our sales and in our inventory runway.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Michael. I think Jordan is -- can see the future because, we thought he was going to ask this question. But honestly, we haven't been thinking about that because we've been raising the bar and demand has been outpacing the supply where anything that even kind of feels skinny or close to not just reaching our cost of capital is not made it on to where we're investing our dollars. And you can see that in our development life cycle where you have the whole schedule of the 377 plus megawatts underway, north of 10% ROI. That includes the Americas region, North America that, call it, 9% and still weighted down by projects that were, call it, open book yield on cost projects, almost legacy in vain that is weighting down those averages. I can tell you these opportunities we're seeing even for larger capacity blocks in these tight markets, be it Northern Virginia, be it Singapore, be it Frankfurt or elsewhere, we're certainly into the double digits unlevered ROIs, which I think that well exceeds the risk-adjusted of deploying capital and it really is coming down more to supply/demand dynamics than just, call it, premiums. And I think if you look at the great work our investments team did on transacting on some of these JVs and the new partners we brought in the fold and called the six-ish cap area I think you're seeing a lot of value creation in our model.
Andrew Power: Sure. Appreciate it, Jon. Just to further jump into that. Yes, interconnection, I think, is something that's evolving rather quickly. I think artificial intelligence is definitely evolving, and it's in its early stages to date. I think where we've been watching and what I think has shown through and we referenced in the prepared remarks is the fact that it's the highest five year growth, two straight quarters surpassing $100 million. I think that's very unique to us and the platform that we represent in the market. I would also say that some of the activities that we've been doing around ServiceFabric, which quite frankly, is tailored to streamlining the technical kind of barriers that have been placed upon the customers to access all of these destinations where data resides, which at the core of artificial intelligence, where I think your question is at, you have to have access to data. And so, being able to be a part of one of the largest open platforms that quite frankly, allows customers to access these data oceans of both public and private deployments. I think the platform is starting to pay off. And I would say that, again, early innings with AI, but we're very excited about what that demand is going to represent inside of our portfolio. And as we evolved and we're stable stay of what we did in the foundation of cloud, you'll see us be able to be at a steady state with a lot of these customers evolving AI as well.
Andrew Power: David, just to add on to the last question, and I could [indiscernible] the second part of your question. The -- I think there's been -- our balance sheet today has, call it, north of 3 gigawatts of growth capacity around the world. And we see that expanding and having the balance sheet to be help funded alongside some great partners is another part of becoming more efficient and more quickly driving returns and results to our bottom lines. In a market and an opportunity backdrop that keeps getting bigger, it was large to begin with, cloud computing accelerated that with hyperscale demand. And AI is just an incremental lift to this wave of demand. Hence, we believe the best way to tackle this opportunity and support our customers while driving results to the bottom line is in partnerships on the capital front. When it comes to the customer bankruptcy, obviously, this customer is in the middle of bankruptcies so can't share too much. The typical playbook is the creditors essentially have to run a process for the assets or the business. And as part of that, make decisions on either accepting or rejecting leases. We have not, to date, had any leases rejected so far. While they have rejected other providers or landlord leases, I don't think you can assume that every one of our leases despite that fact will be accepted. But from a strategic lens, this is why years ago we increased our capabilities and be able to expand in the colocation interconnection offering and support end customers. So when -- if and when we sell to customers would have issues, we can essentially step in and support the end customers and have adequate financial outcomes and the [indiscernible] capabilities. So that there's a little bit of wait and see as this customer works its way through bankruptcy, and I think we'll have more to report by the third quarter call.
Andrew Power: Hi, Irvin, that's a great question. I'm going to turn it over to our CRO, who really grabbed the baton and ran through the finish line strong, Colin McLean, to talk to what we saw on the AI front and maybe just give a little bit more color on the quarter in terms of bookings and new customers.
Andrew Power: The -- I would, Irvin [indiscernible] continuation of the commentary that we've been saying now for several quarters and that the pendulum on supply-demand fundamentals has been, call it, winded our back and growing. Our value proposition with our customers has been more and more well received. That's from our installed base who's been growing with us. Majority of our signings were from the existing customer base. That's also from -- I think it was our second highest new logo quarter of 133 new logos or new customers. And that has been broad-based, as Matt mentioned, across regions and product types. In the less than a megawatt category, it's been more steady [indiscernible] but obviously inflecting, call it, like-for-like increases. And on the greater than megawatt, it's been a little bit more volatile but in a positive fashion. As demand has remained intact, if not further increased and precious large capacity blocks have become fewer far between and the future of that supply bottlenecks really changing course does not seem to be near term whatsoever.
Andrew Power: Thank you, Andrea. Digital Realty had a strong second quarter. Our results demonstrate that our meeting place value proposition is resonating with customers. Just since our last call, we raised over $3 billion of new capital, positioning the company for the tremendous opportunities that lie ahead. We posted strong organic operating results with the results confirming the continued inflection in our core data center business. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today and recognize our dedicated and exceptional team at Digital Realty, who keep the digital world turning. Thank you.
Gregory Wright: Sounds good. Thanks, Alex. Look, with respect to the development JV guidance, we're still comfortable with our full year development JV guidance that we provided previously. That's roughly [750] (ph), give or take. And that's obviously the plug, if you will, between the $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion last time, which now becomes $2.2 billion to $3 billion. Look, we remain engaged on these transactions over the second half of the year. And what we're seeing out there just as with the stabilized joint ventures, there's strong demand for the development joint ventures, particularly given that these JVs offer the highest returns and they have a lot of moving parts, though. So given the strategic considerations here, these tend to take a little longer. So, I'd say we remain optimistic and on track for those. With that, I'll turn it back over to Matt and Andy.
Gregory Wright: Just on India, just -- I mean, I think it’s less about the assets. It's more -- obviously, they're going to be share in development opportunities in a huge market with a lot of growth, but it's really about a great, fantastic new partner to the partnership. And maybe Chris can touch on Jio and what we think they bring to the table here.
Gregory Wright: David, it's Greg here. Look, I think when you take a look -- as we laid out, and Andy laid out at the beginning of the year, the reason for finding these development partners is, look, when you look at this opportunity in the hyperscale business today, it goes well beyond our balance sheet even at $55 billion. So when you look at that, what it tells you is you got to have third-party capital to meet the customers' needs within -- throughout the globe for that business. So as we sit here today, even though we have, as you said, we've exceeded our guidance on what we were going to do. [indiscernible] look at this strategically go forward, and we think that's the best way to fund that business to create value for our shareholders. So that's why we're going to continue to fund it through development. And we think that's the most prudent way to move forward with it.
Gregory Wright: Yes. Thanks. Look, I think as we said, we're going to continue to focus our efforts on the remainder of this year on our development joint ventures we talked about. But to answer your question specifically, you asked about other sources of capital, we're -- how we think about it. Look, I think as a whole, we've done a pretty good job so far. As we said, we have the dedicated core REIT in Singapore. So that's a public vehicle. We've obviously just announced two transactions what we would characterize as distinguished blue chip investment partners in both GI and TPG. And look, we continue to see strong interest across the board, so not just [indiscernible], but we see infrastructure funds, sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, insurance companies and the like. So we're seeing a broad-based demand here, looking at transactions, both stabilized core assets and development assets. So look, we're bullish on that. And when we look at that again, we think that's the prudent way to fund our growth going forward.
Gregory Wright: Look, Eric, we -- as you said, we've been fortunate we've had good demand and good execution this year. And look, we're already -- we're 30% of the way through, and we have other transactions we're working on. But as we always said in the past, the good news for us is these noncore assets are all a very, very, very small piece of our portfolio. So we have the benefit of being disciplined and making sure we get, we think is fair value. So we're going to continue with that approach like we have historically and continue to pursue them. But again, we're seeing demand for those assets as well. So we'll continue to work on it, and we'll continue to post you as we have things to talk about.
Matthew Mercier: Yeah, I might just add that, again this quarter we saw all of our greater than megawatt renewals were in positive territory, and that includes across all regions as well.
Matthew Mercier: Yes, sure. So just to be clear, the deal that you're -- that we're talking about here is not included in our renewal stats. What we are doing is showing just the net incremental revenue that we expect to recognize within our signing stats. And you'll see that more clearly when you look at Page 8 of our supplemental, in particular, in North America, the greater than a megawatt, you're going to see a deal -- you're going to see the 300 KW rate, and that's because we're only showing the incremental revenue and not the associated megawatts attached to it. If you put that deal in at, call it, 100%, you got 300 KW that would come down to 148KW. But again, it was a substantial uplift from the in-place lease. It was over 50% higher than what we had currently.
Matthew Mercier: Including, that would be our blended rate, if you look at Page 8 in our supplemental versus the 300KW, okay.
Matthew Mercier: Yes, so thanks Jon. There's a couple of aspects here, I think, are important. One to reiterate, as of today, we've got $4 billion of liquidity, thanks to the execution of the broader team. If you look at where our funding needs are going forward, this year based on looking at our life cycle, what's remaining to be spent, our guidance in terms of what's left to be spent, we're talking about somewhere in the [1.2 to 1.3] (ph) left to spend this year. So that gives us a pretty significant runway into 2024 to be able to fund the continued growth and opportunities that we see going forward. On top of that, as we also noted, we're not stopping in terms of the execution on asset sales as well as the potential that we're continuing to seek for development joint venture partners that will give us an even broader access to capital and be able to help us to fund not only some of that capital need into 2024, but also potentially this year as well, which rounds out into your question on leverage. We've made considerable progress again on that front as well. As I noted in the prepared remarks, you look at us on a pro forma basis, we're at 6.3% now. So made considerable progress on that. You layer on top of that our expected view of continuing to grow our EBITDA as we've left that guidance line unchanged, again, as well as continue to seek development joint venture partners that will continue to help us on that deleveraging process. So, we feel pretty good about progress to date on both liquidity and leverage. And I'll turn it over to Greg on the India JV topic.
Matthew Mercier: Yes. So I call out a couple of things. So first, I mean, we have been making what, I would say, is good to great progress so far. If you look at it versus last year, were up 80 basis points on our stabilized pool. We're going to continue, we think, to improve that over the course of this year into next year. And that's going to be a mix of essentially twofold, spaces where we believe that there's opportunity for larger customers. We're going to continue to target that given density requirements and the growing need for capacity across a global portfolio that we have, we're going to find opportunities to fill that in. But I think part of it and part of why it takes -- it's going to take a little bit more time to continue to improve the overall occupancy is that we're also looking where we can convert some of that space that we do have in the productized co-lo lease that over time because we see the growing need for enterprise demand and where we want to be able to capitalize that which is a higher return and a market that we want to be able to penetrate and grow even further from where we are today.
Michael Elias: Great, thanks for taking the question guys. To start, in recent months we've seen the volume and size of deals increase. And to that point, there are many requirements on the market right now that are over 100 megawatts. As you considered the strategy moving forward, is it your intention to compete for these deals? And if so, are you willing to pursue these deals with or without a development JV lined up with the understanding that these projects will drive long-term shareholder value? And then I have a follow-up.
Michael Elias: Great. And then just to piggyback on that point about maximizing the opportunity. If I go back to the third quarter of 2022, you guys were clear that you were sharpening the lens to which you looked at investments with the intention of driving higher risk-adjusted return. As we think about hyperscale deals in which you would lease an entire into a single hyperscaler on a turnkey basis. Could you give us a framework for thinking about what the appropriate spread between your unlevered development yield and your cost of capital should be to make it worth it to lease it to the hyperscaler? Thank you.
Michael Elias: Yes. So this is Matt. I'll take that. I mean we do have -- our longer-term plan is to get down closer to 5.5 times. Again, I think we've done a considerable amount of work. We said this year, we'd look to be closer to that 6 times. You look at us based on what we've achieved and executed so far with the $2 billion from the joint ventures that we've done on stabilized assets, the billion we've raised in equity so far to date, which has come in. We're at pro forma at 6.3%. And we see the path going forward to getting back even further down as we have backlog and continue to execute on leasing that comes online, our EBITDA continues to grow, and we execute on these development joint ventures. We believe those are going to be two of the major components, which are going to help us get down to that 5.5 times target as we start to look through 2024. But we're not in a position at this point in time to give 2024 guidance yet, but I think those are the 2 main levers that we're going to be looking at to continue to drive our -- and improve our balance sheet and our leverage position.
