Jordan Sadler: Thank you. Good afternoon. My question is regarding production and general leasing. So volume, which you disclosed to us at the time of the Investor Day and we've obviously received over the past couple of quarters, has obviously reflected a little bit of a lighter inventory as you guys have aimed to lease it up and do more profitable deals. But I guess, as you're integrating Telx, and I know it's early days, I'm curious about what a realistic leasing or production number may look like on a go-forward basis relative to legacy Digital.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. But you wouldn't yet venture a guess in terms of what sort of growth, either top-line or on a quarterly basis, we should anticipate from a...
Jordan Sadler: Okay, okay. That's fair. But it sounds like essentially it's correlated or related to a spike in leasing activity.
Matt Miszewski: Thanks for the question, Jordan. This is Matt Miszewski. So, we would anticipate – and we're in the midst of actually baking the sales plan numbers for 2016, but we would anticipate similar results to what we've seen on a quarterly basis for the core DLR facilities and product sets with a slight uptick depending upon which region we're talking about and then a slight uptick with regard to the combination with the Telx inventory that's out there.
Matt Miszewski: And Vance, across the whole sales force, we do expect to see some interesting dynamics where the efficiency of each one of the assets that we have on both of the sales teams would be able to enhanced by the mere existence of multiple products. So we're excited about that and that does deaden the need for us to hire additional staff.
Matt Miszewski: Yeah, Manny, thanks for asking a question to Andy that made him give me a cursed look. Our focus on the pre-stabilized space remains intent and I would say laser-focused as we've been saying around the table. And the history of the folks in my organization are such that that pre-stabilized space has become a pretty profitable target for us, so we're going to keep focused on it.
Matt Miszewski: And, Jonathan, this is Matt. The answer to your question on big cloud platforms and driving connections, that's exactly the strategy that we've been looking at executing before the Telx acquisition, but the Telx acquisition just makes it that much more crisp. We've been having conversations – Jarrett and I have been having conversations with most of our major customers and all of the major cloud providers in the space. And very specifically, we've started to see an interest on their side to not just land the large cloud compute loads in our facility, which we've become expert at, but also making sure that there's available colocation space right next to that at extremely low latency and providing some direct connect facilities so that they can connect securely as well as with low latency. So we're seeing increased demand, not just for the large cloud workloads to continue to land in our space, but to have those enterprise clients land right next to them in colocation space. In fact, I'm proud to announce that just late last night we were able to land another major cloud provider in our Chicago facility and that conversations have begun on just that structure.
William Stein: Jordan, the plan is to have an announcement shortly after the first of the year where we will lay out the guidance for next year. That will include the assumptions for Telx as well as Digital.
William Stein: Yeah. Thanks, Matthew. Actually, it's a fantastic combination of the resources that we have currently in place in terms of the mid-market attack that we've been under for the last few years. And if you think about the new product set, it's okay to think about it in the following way as we get these definitions out into the market. The Telx facilities that we have and the Telx products that we have really satisfy a very concrete set of defined products fitting into that 0 to 300 kilowatt range, and then they have specific service levels that are attached to them. If you think about the mid-market approach, the sweet spot for the traditional mid-market team in Digital Realty has been between that 300 kilowatt space and 1 megawatt space for our clients. We're certainly in the middle of doing a branding exercise, but right now we've got a major product that we've had historically, called the Scale product, at about 1 megawatt and above. If you think about that 300 kilowatt to 1 megawatt space as a mini-scale as opposed – we're not finished with that particular product definition yet, but mini-scale or mini-wholesale, you'd be on the right track. So we'll be able to take advantage of the mid-market team that we fielded for the last year and a half, as well as a traditional Scale team that I have and the Telx team will fit right perfectly inside of our portfolio.
William Stein: What we're going to do next is integrate Telx. And I just want to repeat what I said in the remarks, Bill. Our highest priority is to successfully integrate this $1.9 billion investment. And so the focus is for the next two months on achieving the operating synergies and then rolling out through 2016, the revenue synergies. As far as additional inorganic growth, the criteria is as we've always stated, or as we've stated at least for the last 18 months which is to say we want anything we do to be strategic and complementary, and to be financially accretive as well as prudently financed. Yes...
William Stein: No. It doesn't. I mean if you think about Digital's history, we've been an acquirer of real estate and a developer of real estate. This is really our first major acquisition of an operating platform and we want to make sure that we do this right.
William Stein: Yeah. And Jonathan on part two in terms of the new design, I think there's two components. One, we did see an opportunity to really open up more opportunities. So the first thing was more agility to drive service levels and innovate the product. So in terms of the return profile, I think we're just looking that we'll cover more of the market, particularly in the M+1 design or the different SLAs associated with that product and the yield implications. And it also gives us ability to serve and not strand power for denser power solutions for those verticals and social, mobile, analytic, cloud and content. But again, our goal is to provide that high value to our clients and sell at the market rate which is what we're really focused on is serving those clients at the market rates.
William Stein: Yeah, I mean, that's basically timing, Vin. The generators are a leading indicator and we would fully expect that the CapEx guidance will increase next year.
William Stein: We've only ordered the generators, Jordan, because we have clear visibility into the demand, which is to say that Matt's team has been busy signing leases, a decent amount of which has occurred at the end of the quarter so it's October business rather than September business.
William Stein: Thank you, Denise. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our third quarter highlights, as outlined here on page 16. First and foremost, we picked up another 10 basis points of improvement in our ROIC during the third quarter, bringing the total improvement since the fourth quarter of 2013 to 130 basis points. I would also like to point out that the 10 basis point improvement during the third quarter excludes the one-time property tax refund; and the 130 basis points since year-end 2013 likewise excludes the impairment charge we booked during the fourth quarter of 2014. These items would've added another 10 basis points each to the total. As you know, we recently closed on the acquisition of Telx, which we believe will be a truly transformational transaction for our company. We beat third quarter consensus estimates by $0.05 and we raised guidance for core FFO per share from the prior range of $5.05 to $5.15, up to $5.12 to $5.18. In short, we continue to execute on our top priorities. I would like to thank the incredibly talented team of Digital Realty employees around the world who were responsible for delivering yet another solid quarter, many of whom have been working around the clock on the Telx acquisition and integration. That concludes our third quarter call. Thank you all for joining us.
Andrew Power: Hey, Matt. So we ground that stat down as low as probably possible from a business perspective at 2.5 months. And it's really a product – you usually have to have a finished data center to go from a sign to commencement in that timetable. I think the more natural spot for that is closer to six months. I think you're going to see our straight line rents are non-cash and 141 suffering right around where they are today. I think the other more meaningful part of that is not giving ramps upon commencement, meaning customers take over 100% of their space the day they commence their lease versus staggered commencements which results in a straight line rent adjustment and a gap between the cash and the gap. And we're continuing to push that and that echoes back to the underwriting discipline that's been instilled here over 1.5 years. So I don't think that stat's going to be changed based on this time to commencement.
Andrew Power: Hey Colby, it's Andy here. So we literally closed the transaction October 9th, so we've gotten preliminary read-outs on the numbers, but obviously we haven't had our team go through and scrub all the financials and get to a comfort level and we want to tell the public markets where we're coming out. Preliminary view is that that they're on track from a revenue and EBITDA standpoint. Nothing is changing with our expectations for underwriting for 2016 or pacing. We did commence literally in conjunction with the closing, we commenced the execution of our synergy plan. We had a handful of executives depart on that day. We entered into transitional agreements with a handful of executives throughout the end of the year roughly and we've commenced on the rest of the expense plan which is expected to be done with and deliver on those synergies before the end of the year. That leads me to your second question. NAREIT definition doesn't add back the transaction expenses. So we will have transaction expenses associated with Telx and including severance they'll run through the P&L in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Power: This is Andy, just before you ask your second question. It's just a timing thing when you release shelves, when you spend the money to construct. So we basically release the shelf a little bit later, so the bulk of dollars are going to bleed into the next year versus this fiscal year.
Andrew Power: I think it'll be closer to the high end of what we've put out in Investor Day, plus or minus $50 million.
Andrew Power: So the table on page 10, all of the assumptions from the slightly positive renewals down to timing on the debt, are all standalone, do not include Telx at all. So you don't see $1.9 billion acquisition, you don't see the $250 million preferred, you don't see the $740 million of equity or nor the $950 million of bonds. We are factoring the impact of Telx in our end results here. So we really think we'll achieve this core FFO per share including Telx for two-and-a-half months in the results. But the financings do not include it. We've completed $500 million of debt this year with a green bond. We're still evaluating the potential Eurobond before the end of the year. Now there's only so many weeks to the end of the year, so that may roll into next year.
Andrew Power: I hope we don't have less take-up of the pre-stabilized stuff. That stuff's already standing there, so it should be easier to attack from a leasing standpoint. And we're very focused on that in our sales discussions in our investment committee. I'm just saying that 2.5 months was a very low time from sign to commencement and feels like from looking at the business over longer time period when you don't have lots of standing finished inventory, six months is a closer amount to a regular time period. I think Matt wants to jump in and give more color as well.
Andrew Power: So, Jonathan, I think your phone might have been on mute for the first second when you chatted, so maybe just make sure we answer your full question. On the mark-to-market piece, two examples are Northern New Jersey, where we obviously have a heavy concentration of financial services. A lot of activity that would happen on the backs of the financial crisis where there was a very tight supply market and we delivered and signed pretty great leases. And in that tight market, some of those leases have rolled down historically and there's onesie, twosies in that market to come. Another example is in Phoenix, off the top of my head, where we bought a portfolio. And when we bought the portfolio at the time, it had an above-market lease. We underwrote that, we factored that into what we paid the seller of that portfolio. And there's a lease or two in that market from that portfolio acquisition that will come through in the next year or two and roll down.
Andrew Power: Jordan, so we're still going through budgets for next year to give you the most up-to-date data. We're looking at the numbers, it looks like it's around flat across the entire portfolio. We're trying to push it into the positive territory. But these one-off exceptions which have reasons to it, not due to anything other than being a site of preference (48:43) or something we underwrote that are driving the down piece of it. So you're going to get a full picture when we put out our guidance at the beginning of next year.
Andrew Power: Sure, Will. This is Andy. So out of the gates what we said before and what we continue to plan to deliver is essentially $148 million of EBITDA from the 20 Telx locations; $15 million of expense synergies, $10 million of it roughly flowing to the P&L. We expect to meet or outperform at all those metrics. Capital intensity, recurring CapEx associated with that 2016 plan is 20%-ish of that EBITDA. There's a little bit more of expansion CapEx outside of that. But obviously the expansion CapEx will have a massive EBITDA contribution in 2016. Anything beyond that we view as a revenue synergy, which we're putting and doing a lot of work towards and continue to develop throughout 2016; and we think it will be a small contributor to 2016. And those are the examples that we've outlined before and some of which on this call, be it bringing Telx to Ashburn domestically, expanding their presence in some of our Internet gateways, tethering in certain assets, or eventually bringing the Telx product of colocation or connection to our international campuses such as a Singapore or a London. But I would say that's a more – we'll be doing a whole lot of work on that in the next 12 months to 18 months. But I don't think you'll see a ton of capital intensity or a ton of EBITDA contribution during that time period.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. And just add to that Bill, Scott here. We do keep tabs on everything that's going on in the marketplace and we're abreast of everything. But we don't want to lose sight of what our target is right now and that's getting Telx integrated properly and growing it within our platform.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. I think the disposition program will be largely done by the end of the year here. We currently have one under contract that's going to close soon and we're negotiating a contract for others right now and then we've got a couple others that we are working on, just some value-add better sales outcomes projects on and so we hope to make some good progress on that shortly.
Scott Peterson: Yeah sure. So the first part is European assets – individual assets that may come for sale. We've got a long consistent history of acquiring assets like that; certainly keeping our eyes open and see anything that may come about as a result of that pending merger. We also are looking at some select individual assets out there as well. You know obviously, we try to maintain all of our principles as it relates to that, whether it's with respect to individual assets. We want them to represent good value to our shareholders and they have to be assets that fit well within our existing platform or portfolio, but to that extent, we'll keep an eye on everything that becomes available there.
Scott Peterson: And just to build on that, Jonathan, I think what's really unique I think the industry is out there a lot with these cloud on-ramps and providers who are really going after the enterprise are providing cloud or managed services. What makes us really unique and different is our focus on the foundation and partners for the Scale. And we're seeing larger enterprises deploy right next to the compute engines and directly connect. So that is very much a unique pattern which makes us very compatible with partners who are focusing on the enterprise side of the business.
Scott Peterson: Yeah, Will. Scott here. To help you out a little on that, if you look at the different stages of the priorities, they go from an ease of execution, but if you also look at them they go from a higher initial gross margin business and a lower capital intensity. So I think you see the initial stages will have better impact than the more capital-intensive, longer lifecycle later stages. So that's a good way to think about it.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. Thanks, Will. In terms of the industry fundamentals, of course, it is, as a real estate business, region by region specific, but we see the industry fundamentals as strong and growing in certain accounts. If you go back to the slide where Bill highlighted our focus on the SMACC accounts and the SMACC portfolio, we continue to see an increasing amount of interest in our facilities from the social, mobile, analytics, cloud and content providers, which suggests that there is a great deal of strength in the industry that we're going after to address. The second piece is, if you think about the shift that we talked about at Analyst Day and the conversations that we've had, if you look at the historic approach that we've had in going after enterprises directly and the shift to go after those enterprises indirectly, that gives us the ability to have lower cost of sale and take advantage of the core competencies we have to hit the high-growth, high-potential SMACC workloads. In terms of pricing – and I am going to turn it over to Jarrett in a little bit – but in terms of pricing, I continue to see that the discipline that we're exerting in our piece of the industry and the rest of the discipline that the industry has with regard to supply is having a positive effect on pricing.
