Andrew Power: Sure. Thanks, Jordan. So, maybe turning to the guidance first. We reiterated the same guidance as the previous quarter of $5.65 to $5.75 core FFO per share. There were some slight adjustments to some of the assumptions. We increased the EBITDA margin, I think, 50 basis points on the low end, a 30 basis point tweak on the G&A. The change to the year-end portfolio occupancy to being down was really a product of a few things. One, we're absorbing obviously the European portfolio assets into the total portfolio occupancy, and that number includes existing vacancy. That portfolio is roughly 66% leased as of the third quarter. Plus in addition to that, as you may have saw, we recently opened up our data tower in Amsterdam at the Science Park, which is a brand new, up to nine megawatts asset, which is part of this transaction that will also bring some vacancy into the quarter. And then the other major driver I'd say is, in connection with the transaction in Chicago in our 350 Cermak building where we took the assignment of a PBB lease, obviously that will go from a 100% occupied 83,000 square feet to a much lower occupied amount with the existing colocation customers in the suite. Net-net, we think that was a great transaction for not only for the exiting customer but really for Digital in terms of getting our hands on very valuable market-ready space in an incredibly hot market. That asset's been north of 96% for numerous years now. And then going to your second question, overall the quarter, I think depending on whose metrics, we either beat by a penny or met consensus estimates, but it was pretty much in line with our forecast. I think there was a handful of positive things that you probably were highlighting. The one thing I would say not negative but something that maybe put a little bit of drag on our third quarter growth was the increase in the G&A, which was probably related to onboarding the European portfolio, which was expected. I think an unexpected growth component of the G&A was some of the overall integration-related work on the onboarding from that acquisition which closed in early July and travel and work to bring that team into the fold, and probably some other activity around the or seasonally-related activity around our Marketplace Live initiative and other events. And the last thing I can think of off the top of my head, we did bring on two new board member during the quarter which has a little bit of incremental cost to the company, but I think they will be well worth it in the long run.
Andrew Power: So, interconnection, Santa Clara, Frankfurt, I'll do the first one and then I'll toss the last two to Scott. On interconnection, we are obviously integrating and bringing on board not only eight great assets in the Dockland, (34:17) the Science Park and also in Frankfurt, but a really tremendous team and also a new leader to lead our EMEA region. Their interconnection model had a very significant portion of reoccurring revenue spend, or not exact type of productization, but similar recurring revenue model. There will be further alignment across the global portfolio in terms of our interconnection services as we move forward. We've experienced, as you saw, a very strong quarter for interconnection signings quarter-over-quarter. And I think that is hopefully going to continue, and I think you are going to find us continue on those eight parts of the portfolio we're expanding our colocation, interconnection footprint be it in existing Internet gateways where Telx has historical resided, or on our connected campuses like in Ashburn or Richardson or other pockets of the portfolio. And I'll turn the Silicon Valley question over to Scott Peterson.
Andrew Power: No, no, please, go ahead. If you want to say it again just to make sure we address it appropriately.
Andrew Power: I was just going to address I think to your question on the $9 million. So that's $9 million of total interconnection signings this quarter, we were $8 million or around $8 million last quarter. I am not sure we're going to continue that pace of quarter-over-quarter acceleration; it's quite rapid. But I think the key is continuing to bring on space at these very interconnection-dense locations as one part to spur additional interconnection revenue, and I think we're doing that by expanding in the likes of 56 Marietta, getting additional inventory in Cermak and other locations. And then I think the next leg of it will be leveraging the interconnection revenue that will come from the enterprise, the cloud, coming off the Service Exchange. But I think that second part will be more of a (39:27) later in the 2017 revenue generation.
Andrew Power: Those were two particular markets, and we have a little bit of a – a little map in the deck of our campuses in Franklin Park in Chicago and obviously in Ashburn, Virginia. And based on pipeline signings we've completed to-date or through the end of the quarter, I should say, plus pipeline, there is a decent potential that we could be finishing out our existing (40:35) campus, the last 9377 building of Franklin Park and the last buildings on our Ashburn campus in the next several quarters, which should dovetail very well with the timing of deliveries of those parcels that are literally adjacent to the campus coming online. So those markets obviously are not without competition, but we seem to win our fair share and having a fairly robust pipeline in those two particular markets.
Andrew Power: Hey, Vin. It's Andy again. We're seeing the demand in both locations. It's just different types of demand and at obviously different price points. As I just mentioned – on Franklin Park you're typically catering to a customer that is looking for more affordable total cost of ownership, seeking large amounts of space and power, and likely seeking an economic model that's in the low $100s per kilowatts. If you're going down to Cermak, we're signing and filling up space, including the space we just took possession of, at rates that could be more than double that. And that customer is obviously not taking – likely taking one megawatts to two megawatts at a time, is taking smaller quantums. They could be around 300 kilowatts, 400 kilowatts, but they're really taking those small amounts of space and willing to pay those higher prices in order to have the connectivity that our Cermak building offers. So we're seeing I'd say different demand sets in both locations but both seem fairly strong.
Andrew Power: Yeah. I think that's fair to say. There's no surprises on this end that we were not pleased with the second quarter, but if you look at the third quarter, which was a quarter that quite frankly we were without a global head of sales for two-thirds of it and had a tremendous effort by both Andrew Schaap and Tony Rossabi stepping up to deliver for us. Net-net, I was pretty happy where the third quarter came out. I think there are some key takeaways that when I look through it, it was somewhat in our script. The demand was robust and diverse. We weren't counting on one single customer to do a single 10-meg deal. We had numerous customers, we had cloud service providers, other parts of SMACC, IT service. The demand was in North America but also in Europe. It was probably one of our best signings quarter in Europe for several quarters now. A good chunk of those signings were actually in the London market post the Brexit vote, and those signings came not only from cloud service providers; they came from a disaster recovery firm, they came from an IT service firm. So lots of different demand drivers filling our existing signings in our funnel going into the fourth quarter. I wouldn't tell you I could bank on $55 million again in the fourth quarter, but I think when we have that pretty steady-eddie run rate trend – if you look back, and I think we have on our slide deck like a rolling LTM number that kind of looks how our trends are fairly smooth if you look over a long time period.
Scott Peterson: On Santa Clara, we all know that there is discussion about a portfolio that's available on the market there. And we look at every opportunity in the marketplace, as we all know. We'll always keep an eye on that to see whether we view it as being strategic and how well it integrates into our portfolio and if it represents a good economic value and a good investment for our shareholders. We have a couple of land sites, smaller land sites available for future development in Santa Clara. We continue to look for additional capacity in that market since it's a good market. I think anybody familiar with that would know it's a tough market from a land perspective, so we need to be very creative in terms of acquiring more inventory there. As far as Frankfurt goes, we're very pleased with the level of activity. We're getting in that market. I think it started off very strong, and we'll continue to propose that to a number of customers on that, and so we've been very happy with the progress there so far.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. I think that's – it's Scott here – that's page 21, I believe of the appendix. If you look at that, it does quarter-by-quarter on a trailing 12 months and you'll see that there's a much smoother line there, if you will. We always talk about the business being lumpy. So if you compare that with the signings in the main deck, you'll see how that smoothes out the lumpiness a little bit. The only one to take a look at is you'll see a little bump in early 2014, which is we had – kind of, we had very high signings when we were clearing through that excess inventory that had been built over the prior year-and-a-half or so. So that's a good illustration of how the – if you look over longer timeframes, the lumpiness gets smoothed out.
Scott Peterson: Hi, Colby. Thanks. Yeah, so the performance since acquisition, it's only been a short time and so we've been very pleased with that performance. We're on track. If you looked at the performance prior to the acquisition, you saw – I think, your question was performance and specifically vacancy. You saw the vacancy there tick up a little bit and that was primarily the result of two large tenants migrating – customers migrating out of the portfolio, one of which came to us in our portfolio and the other one actually left and went to a – it was a gaming company that went closer to their corporate headquarters, geographically far away. But other than that the stickiness there has been pretty good and the velocity has been good too.
Scott Peterson: From a utilization standpoint, probably a little closer to the Telx portfolio, if that's what you are...
Scott Peterson: Sure. So, the turnkey flex product is what we call scale or previously called wholesale. The bulk of the activity in North America or Northern Virginia, Chicago and Dallas was soft obviously with Silicon Valley kind of falling after that in terms of demand. And it's been – it was a robust quarter, and the pipeline for the fourth quarter remains robust as well. It's a significant amount of repeat business. It's a significant amount of multi-site business. It's a business where the customer is signing one-time on multiple continents with us. The size of the deals most recently kind of ranged from, call it, almost 1 meg to almost 4 megs in terms of size of scale deal. So there is some variability in that. Some of the bigger customers are taking bigger deployments. I already touched on some of the pricing trends there. On the colocation and interconnection side, you're really seeing, I think, the combinations of success really strategic internet gateway assets, a talented sales and marketing organization around them, executing on filling those assets up and these assets command higher prices given what they offer to the customers that decide to deploy in these locations. We, again, – we're in – we have a fairly targeted approach to our colocation interconnection efforts. We are not in all 50 states or 100 countries. We picked our spots to be in the internet gateway, the internet hubs or in select connected campuses which have connectivity to the cloud service providers for the enterprise. So, I think, where we picked our spots and how we tackled it, it's been able to generate pretty strong volumes at attractive rates have increase in the last quarter on the colo front.
Scott Peterson: The given – most of it is legacy digital. The colocation piece was contributed from the assets and the new team that joined the company. So, the 4 megs and $6.6 million of annualized revenue was legacy digital assets.
William Stein: I would say it's more of a mix contribution. We had a significant amount of signings from several customers and I'd say one of our lower price point markets, be it Northern Virginia or Chicago versus prior periods where we might have had more signings in the Silicon Valley or other higher priced markets. Now, the – I wouldn't – it's tough to take the signings from the second quarter as a great comparable data point. That was obviously a very small sample set in terms of signings, but on apples-to-apples basis, I wouldn't say we're seeing tremendous pricing pressure. The rates are held in relatively flat and the $120s due to concentration in North America in those lower price point markets. And at those rates those signings are still as you can see from our active development pipeline generating returns on our invested capital, unlevered returns right in our target thresholds of 10.5% to 12.5%.
William Stein: You know, it's – I would say there is no specific targeted mix that we have on the board that we're shooting for. And you are seeing very strong growth on both fronts. Obviously a substantial amount of our external growth had been acquisition of colocation-oriented, interconnection-oriented facilities over the last few years, which obviously moved that needle in addition to the organic growth associated with those acquisitions. But at the same time, a large chunk of our active development pipeline is developing scale projects, be it on our campus in North America and Asia, Australia or in Europe. And that is still a significant component to the growth. So I am not sure I could tell you the percentages are going to diverge one way or another. We're very focused on having the right assets and the right capabilities across all four continents to capture robust and profitable demand.
William Stein: This is Bill. His initial mandate is going to be to fully integrate the Telx Equicity (59:14) and Digital sales teams and create the appropriate efficiencies there, and then develop the right go-to-market, working off of what the team has developed, and then further to push on the partners and alliances front.
William Stein: So Dan hasn't come on board yet, so I'm not going to give him his budget whether it's a lower head count or a higher head count, and we haven't talked revenues yet either. So he starts next week. So, I think, we're premature there.
William Stein: Thanks, Ed. I would like to wrap up our call today by recapping our third quarter highlights, as outlined here on page 19. We had another very productive quarter characterized by solid execution, against our strategic plan. We continue to extend our global footprint with the closing of the European portfolio acquisition. We further enhanced our product offerings with the announcement of the launch of our service exchange. We're also continuing to deliver outsized growth in AFFO per share. And finally, we further strengthened our balance sheet with the proceeds from asset sales and a successful forward equity offering used to redeem high coupon preferred equity and secured debt. In conclusion, I'd like to say thank you to the entire Digital Realty team, whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution against our strategic plan. Thank you all for joining us. And we look forward to seeing many of you at Madrid in a few weeks.
