A. William Stein: We have the highest regard for Tom, we welcome him back to the space. He is what I would call an absolutely rational competitor. I think, he's been a responsible steward of investors' capital and a great allocator of capital. So he's the type of person that we like to see coming into this space. But back to Investor Day, the steps that we outlined at that time were the executive sponsor program, a number of investments in customer success, as well as a streamlining of our underwriting and contract approval – contract negotiation process. And I can tell you that during the fourth quarter, two-thirds of our fourth quarter wins involved an executive sponsor. So, I think that part of the program is working quite well. On the commercial side, the legal and commercial teams have worked very hard to put standard forms in place with quite a few of our customers, most of the major customers, and that's made it much easier to execute business with us, with very minimal additional negotiation. In fact 90% of the fourth quarter scale business was done with this type of arrangement in place. So we're very encouraged by what I'd say are the early results, but we recognize that there's always room for improvement, but importantly, I think in terms of the benefits of doing business with Digital, clearly the global platform is quite important, anchored by irreplaceable gateways. We've got our comprehensive product offering from a single cabinet all the way up to hyperscale. And I think without – our investment grade balance sheet is without peer. And I think that's clearly very important in terms of minimizing counterparty risk for these firms that are signing up for long term with us to lease their mission critical facilities. So, I think this – once again this sets us up quite well for capturing what we think is going to be not only additional share, but a rising tide of demand in 2018.
A. William Stein: And Colby back to your second question on capital. So when you do a deal with a company like DFT, I think, there are going to naturally be some capital synergies. You're not going to expand at the same sort of planned rate in certain – in identical markets, where if you had remained independent. So I think there is clearly some shrinkage of capital deployment from that standpoint. But when I look at our inventory, I think, it's – I think, we're in pretty good shape to be quite candid with you. And, frankly if we see additional demand in any of these markets, we'll add more capital. We'll tune it up. So we're pretty flexible in that area.
A. William Stein: And Michael, on the pricing and re-leasing question, I think, there was kind of two parts packaged in there. I guess, 2017 versus 2018 overall pricing, I mean, while we are in a competitive market for sure, we are seeing a tremendous amount of demand. So that intersection is kind of keeping pricing relatively intact with some exceptions to the positive, and the tight ends of the market build out in Santa Clara, where supply is still limited. On the re-leasing spreads, I mean, we've been coming through this kind of a journey where we've been bringing our re-leasing spreads further into the positive territory. This quarter was a positive outlier, positive across the major product sets, our colocation re-leasing spreads ticked up to 3.5%. We are positive on the TKF. Now, we do still have, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, some above market leases in certain parts of the portfolio. Those are largely related to leases that were – came to us via one of our – the major acquisition last year with DFT. The timing of when those renew and the rates that they renew at obviously would put – could put a negative into those stats in any given quarter. But by and large, we see it slightly negative for the full year together for the combined portfolio largely driven to those select above market leases.
A. William Stein: Yeah, I'll ask Andy to cover the SG&A question. On the second part, we actually looked at this in the fourth quarter and we've taken eight days out of the process for documentation in this last quarter on average. So we've shortened that I think pretty substantially, but I would tell you, there is a great deal of variety. I mean look, if you – we are doing business with a customer with whom we've done a lot of business before, we can ink a deal in just a couple days and it can be a very large deal, if it's a new customer then that obviously would – can take longer.
A. William Stein: Hey, Vin, I think, we're going to give you an exception for the third question here. So – and I'll do the honor. So same-store NOI growth little softer this year in our guide and our guidance relative to 2017, and also we've put up in the fourth quarter and really has to do with some episodic churn and the re-leasing of that capacity. Obviously, as you see from our stats, we typically retain 75% to 80% of our customer's expirations, even higher than that sometimes on the colocation, but we don't retain 100%. Two specific churn events that are impacting the same-store pool; one in Phoenix where a systems integrator lost its end customer, and let its lease lapse at expiration that happened at the very end of the year, another one that's expected to happen in the very beginning of 2018 is in Boston. Now, again these are down – essentially downtime for – associated with re-leasing of that space that is putting a negative headwind to the year-over-year same-store growth. Not all just glass half-full, because in Phoenix, that's a market where we've been essentially full in terms of capacity, so this brings on some attractive inventory, it's a space where actually we should be able to densify it and bring incremental power, so we're able to generate potentially higher revenue from that footprint. So there is an upside, but there will be a downside, in terms of, in your cash for that asset. And then in Boston, this – that was a scale customer that is churning out, and that gives us – gave us an opportunity to re-productize a portion of that space as colocation, and we launched that along with Service Exchange in the Boston market. That goes very well with our recently hired sales team members to form the Boston market coming online at the end of last year. So, we think that same-store pool should accelerate coming out of 2018.
A. William Stein: I'll take the first. Andy will address the second. The colo business, not sure exactly how you phrased that, Richard, but we're – we want to grow that colocation business, back to Jordan's question about growth from Investor Day. We're trying to grow meaningfully in our scale business and we're trying to grow meaningfully in our colocation business. A lot of the transformation we went through last year was in that colocation go to market space, and we – it is our strong intent to continue to grow our colocation business, it may be just a little bit lumpy, less lumpy of course than the scale business, but we intend to make that go up into the right with our team.
A. William Stein: Hey, Sami, our interconnection signings is incredibly diverse. I can tell you the largest single contributor is in the hundreds of thousands of dollars, I mean, it's any given signing. So that was not one big cross connection – cross connect signing, it was a – it's from numerous carriers, it's from numerous cloud providers, enterprises assortment. Now, it's largely concentrated, one in our colocation facilities both in North American and Europe. Two, in our most highly connected ecosystems within our Internet gateways and then supplemented with connectivity on our campus colocation outfits, but it is a very diverse mix of signings.
A. William Stein: Sami, I'm going to have Chris Sharper, our CTO tackle that one, because he is heavily involved with that announcement.
A. William Stein: And just to clarify, I think, the second part of your question, Sami. The – not to name any specific customers, but I would say by and large, the majority of our customers are seeking us to pursue an outsourced third party multi-customer data center environment, not to go do it on their own. Even the most well large capitalized, I think that's due to our value proposition of having a global footprint of highly connected assets, the campuses and the land to future proof our customers growth. And I would think that based on the fact we've seen that name you just mentioned quickly ascend our top customers' list that they are no different.
A. William Stein: Thank you, Denise. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our fourth quarter highlights as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. One, we demonstrated our commitment to prudent capital allocation on behalf of our shareholders. We harvested mature assets to recycle capital where appropriate. We invested opportunistically in core domestic markets to earn acceptable current return with an opportunity to generate future upside from further value creation. And we extended our global platform to enter a highly strategic new international market with a well-respected local partner. Two, we made significant progress towards finalizing the integration of our recent acquisitions, delivering on our stated expense synergy targets and building on the established customer relationships to realize revenue synergies as well. Three, we beat the high end of our initial 2017 guidance range and set the stage for sustainable growth in earnings, cash flow and dividends per share in 2018 and beyond. Fourth, last but not least, our disciplined capital allocation and deliberate balance sheet management has positioned us to safely navigate a rising interest rate environment and self-fund our 2018 capital plan through internally generated cash flow from operations and proceeds from asset sales. As I do every quarter, I'd like to conclude today by saying a thank you to the entire Digital Realty team whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. Thank you all for joining us, and we hope to see many of you later this year at the various investor conferences. Thank you.
Scott Peterson: Yeah, Jordan, that's an interesting question and I do agree with you, there's sort of awful lot of capital coming in market, and clearly we're seeing some pretty big valuations out there. We're going to take a deep dive in our portfolio a little later this year and we're going to look at non-core assets, non-core markets, underperforming assets, assets which may become at risk for underperforming. But I think your point is good, and part of that would be looking at assets where essentially we've created all the value we can create and would it make more sense to redeploy that capital somewhere else in our portfolio. And as you know we've done that before with a joint venture that we put together with Pru several years ago. So, I think, it would be reasonable for us to bear that in mind as we review the portfolio later this year.
Scott Peterson: Yeah, thanks. We think it's entirely applicable to the – to our Internet gateways. It's a – Infomart is a great asset, highly strategic, little more so for Equinix I think than others. And I think they are in a good position to add value there, but you're right, I mean, we can all kind of sort out what that multiple is there, and if you look at those multiples and apply that to our Internet gateways, I think, you're getting out some rather full valuations on that. As it relates to other assets out there, we've seen a compression in cap rates. I mean, clearly the Infomart multiple relates to these kind of highly strategic Internet gateways, but we've seen cap rates in general come down and compress. There used to be a lot more differentiation across product types and – of assets and they're getting a lot closer. I think that bandwidth is maybe 100 basis points or 150 basis points wide, where it used to be more like 300 basis points wide for kind of the more traditional assets.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. Thanks, Jonathan. We're absolutely committed to the retail colo business. In the fourth quarter we had 51 new logos, fully 90% of those came through colocation, half from network and half from enterprise. And since we acquired Telx, we've doubled our megawatt capacity, committed to the colo product, we're up to 92 megawatts and that's both organically and through acquisitions. We plan to launch our colo business in Asia-Pac later this year. But I will say that we're definitely seeing a convergence of strategies and we can see that with the Equinix announcement today with customers and competitors recognize the value of interconnected scale, our offering of the full menu of options from a single rack to multiple megawatts along with the ability to connect directly, privately and securely from the enterprise customers' private cloud instance to a public cloud compute engine in order for there to be relevance to their hybrid cloud architecture. So, we think the colocation product is a very important element of our comprehensive product offering. And we're going to continue to invest in this business to support our customers' needs.
Scott Peterson: Yeah, hi, Michael. It's Scott, I'll take the first half of that question, and I think that's an – it's an excellent question. I assume, you're saying on some of those PBBs perhaps, thinking about selling those to the customers that are in the building. Listen, I think everything is on the table. I will say the mitigating issues on that though typically are, what is the nature and design of the building and what market is it located in. Many of those still represent tremendous upside opportunity for us in the event, we were to get them back. Our basis is relatively low and they are extremely good investments for what they are, but in some cases, we could actually generate some pretty impressive returns if we got those back. So wouldn't want to forego future upside for the sake of a good cap rate today, but we'll keep that all in mind as we evaluate these opportunities.
Scott Peterson: Hey, Frank, Scott here. I'm looking for the exact numbers. They are largely utilized, I think, they're north of 80% utilized in there; and I can get you the – I'll get back to you with the exact number on that. But there is some upside potential there with the additional leasing.
Scott Peterson: Yeah. And hey, Frank, the – just give you the breakdown. The north building in Mitaka was 73% occupied and the south building is 86% occupied, and then blended together it's 78% occupied.
Daniel W. Papes: Yeah. Thanks Colby. Thanks Andy. So the fourth quarter and our positive feelings about the first quarter this time I don't think are any coincidence given the restructuring that we went through last year from a go-to-market perspective. We have a lot of things that play into our success, teams outside of the sales organization for sure. But in the second and third quarter, we went through a major restructuring, Colby, as you know and that all started to settle in, in the third quarter and we believe it started to pay some dividends for us in the fourth quarter. It's early in the first quarter. We are six weeks in; we feel positive about what we've done so far even with a very busy January with PTC and the sales kick off. And the pipeline that we see going into I'll say the rest of this quarter and into the second and maybe early into the third makes us feel positive and makes us feel very good. Of course, as I always like to say we have to execute against that pipeline, but we do feel like we're in a very good position.
Daniel W. Papes: Vincent, it's Dan Papes, if I could just add a few comments to actually on top of Bill's. Our executive sponsorship program relating back to the SG&A question cost us a little bit airfare other than that having our leadership team out in the field, talking to our customer, executives, understanding their needs, responding to unique requirements that they may have, has paid great dividends at very little expense to the company and has also informed us as a leadership team to be more effective in some of the strategic decisions we make. So that's made a big difference. Another is again, it didn't take any G&A for us to take a look at our processes and our approval processes and how we how we work bids through our system, and shorten those timeframes meaningfully in order to be able to accommodate our customers and eliminate this stigma that you mentioned of us being slow. We get – in the last six months we've gotten just really, really positive feedback from our customers, from brokers, from partners about the fact that people are seeing us to be faster on our feet, more flexible and working together with our customers in a customer centric way that's making a difference. All of those things translate into less tangible, but certainly very meaningful benefits to us as a company, I think that the business results have been and will continue to be positively influenced by that.
Daniel W. Papes: Frank, to your second question about the sales force. So, yes, the restructuring of our sales forces is completed. Always will be some small adjustments here and there, but we really completed the major part of the restructuring in the second quarter last year, and then it was a matter of it settling in which happened in the third quarter for the most part, and then the fourth quarter was us operating in the new business model, which to me will – that new business model would just get better and better for us as we go forward. As far as churn goes, there is no question. It is a very competitive market for talent, especially in the colocation space, but we are – we're finding people, we're not finding them quite at the pace that we'd like, but we have most of our head count slots full now, which is great. And the places that we're getting them, we're getting them at our competitors. We're getting them from our competitors with our – I'll call it sort of our new story about the way we're trying to operate in the market with customer centricity, we're getting them with our – basically our very strong business results. They want to come work in a company that's stable, established, doing well and has a growth plan. I'll also say that they – there are a couple of companies that have exited this – the colocation and connectivity business or sold their businesses, or have been acquired. And those salespeople, the top salespeople in those organizations they don't want that instability. They want the stability of being in a firm like ours. And so when we have conversations with them, when we tell them our story, it's been positive for us from a recruiting perspective.
Daniel W. Papes: Yes. I would add, Jon, on the sustainability point that Bill made. We – our customers talk about it, talk about that with us all the time. And it's one of those situations where we can make it work for our customers. And it ends up just being a good thing because sustainability, we all would agree is a good thing in principle. It also happens to be very good business and our customers are urging us to focus on this. We're doing so and that works really well between them and us.
Daniel W. Papes: Sure. Robert, so this is sort of this early on in these changes, I wouldn't dare to quantify it, the impact at this point. I do know we've won some deals that I suspect we might not have won, had we been the company of 18 or 24 months ago. I know that we're having discussions with some customers who previously wouldn't put us on the bidders list or call us when they had a requirement. So there's no question in our mind that the changes in the way we're doing things is having a positive impact. I am sorry. I'd love to put a number on it, but we know it's making a difference and it's my hope and expectation that that's going to be one of the factors that's going to show in the growth results that we're going to deliver here as a company over time.
Andrew Power: And just to round out your question on the CapEx, which was part 2. So, our midpoint of our guidance is about $1 billion, about $1.1 billion on the high end. I would say we as a team have certainly learned the lesson over the last handful of years of making sure inventory coming online and to make sure we have that fine balance especially in our core active development market. So our active pipeline has about 123 megawatts under construction, half of it leased, the other half available. And many of these markets be it like in Ashburn, we've delivered large shells and have had active signings into filling up our legacy campuses and into the latest buildings on our new campuses. So trying to obviously not overextend ourselves and put our balance sheet at risk, but not put us in a position where we're missing a good opportunity for one of our customers due to timing of inventory.
Andrew Power: And then on the spend and kind of investment in our customers, in our systems, in our teams, Vin, I think, you're probably harking back to a slide from our Investor Day in December really showing the power of the platform and our scale and being able to invest I think in the last year 100 basis points of revenue back into the business, and still maintain industry leading EBITDA and G&A margins. That spend was really illustrative. It's going to come in many forms, it's going to come in the G&A line, in terms of investment in our team, hiring the right sales personnel, or it's going to come in our systems. We launched a new accounting system for our colo platform in Europe this year. It's going to come in the capital side in terms of integrating our latest acquisition. It's going to come on the marketing side, but all in all that spend is going to be spent throughout 2018 and is fully baked into the numbers that we've put in our guidance table released at the beginning of the year, fully incorporated.
Andrew Power: Just around that, I'll hit on the CapEx. I think, it's – if you look at the progression through the year, you should look at kind of the colocation and connectivity lines of almost kind of hand-in-hand because the bulk of that connectivity are from those colocation customers. The trajectory of the year during the changes in the sales team, we were a little bit softer in the first two quarters in our new logo adds. That's stepped up in the third quarter from 30 to 36, and then stepped up to a record of 51 in the fourth quarter, including a record in Europe in particular of 13 new logos, all colo oriented. And then that ties to the mix of space and power which flows to the colocation size and the connectivity. A lot of those new logos are coming to Digital for the first time, coming to our ecosystems within our gateways, or our campuses, taking our digital cage cabinets and power requirements and base requirements from connectivity. And then we think that'll spur incremental connectivity from other customers in those assets want – seeking to connect to them. So we're quite pleased with the overall combined results, which is about a, I think, 14% step up on for colo and connectivity combined quarter-over-quarter and we're looking to continue to drive that growth. And then lastly, on your other question, about a $10 million increase quarter-over-quarter to recurring CapEx, the bulk of that was actually related to something not core to our business. We spent some capital on the tenant improvement front to re-tenant a office building in California, in the East Bay asset that was not a data center that dates back to our pre-IPO days. And we re-tenanted that asset and just sold that beginning of the year for – I believe north of $70 million, $75 million. So part of our capital recycling program. So that non-core spend was a major driver in that quarter-over-quarter CapEx – recurring CapEx step up.
Andrew Power: Hey, Rob, this is Andy. I'm just trying to find the prior quarter commencements. I – the bridge, I know, is we added $50 million, we took out $38 million, and we lost $2 million because of the JV. So, maybe we can follow-up just to figure out the details, there is a nuance quarter-over-quarter.
