Michael Foust: Sure. We've got – as I've mentioned, the funnel is very full with prospects and in prospects that – to whom we've made proposals, that was that 2 million square feet of proposals. And if we look at our prospects that we're negotiating leases with currently, that makes us very comfortable that we're going to achieve well within that range. So from the amount of activity we're seeing, which is in excess of what we achieved in the third quarter, we're very comfortable with the amount of transactions that we're actively working to sign up and commence.
Michael Foust: I think what folks have, maybe in this environment, having trouble understanding is that these are requirements that have to be in place now. They have to be in place for customer requirements, in a lot of cases it's cloud providers and IT service providers who have customer contracts that they need to get up and running. So they need to get this space going. It's enterprise – some enterprise customers who have requirements, expansions, new applications that are going to save money and raise productivity that they need to get up and running early in 2013. I can't give you the actual names of the customers, but many of these are repeat customers of ours that we have relationships with and we're actively negotiating leases. So we're very comfortable that – we're working on real deals with major international companies, looking at major cloud providers and managed service providers, international financial companies, system integrators who are providing space for international financial firms, international tech and Internet-based businesses. So it's a very wide range of customers that we're engaged with currently.
Michael Foust: Well, I'd say -- we brought down the top end but we didn't lower the lower end. But we're very confident that we're going to be well within the range with a substantial backlog of signed leases going into 2013 in addition. So based on the activity, our folks are, on the leasing side are, I think I can safely say, as busy as they've ever been.
Michael Foust: Yeah, it's timing. It's timing. I'm looking at one particular lease as an example and the tenant and us, all thought it was going to be signed in the second quarter and it's going to signed next month. So it's really not a matter of requirements not there, it's – in some cases, it's a matter of timing.
Michael Foust: I'm just saying in the Southwest where, because of the timing, our building wasn't going to be done in time and we thought that their timing was going to be a little more flexible. But we didn't have the capacity built yet.
Michael Foust: We've always been competent. I think perhaps market observers haven't appreciated and we haven't done as good a job and maybe perhaps we could at that, demand for data center space of all sorts continues to expand at a pretty good cliff and that's what IDC is seeing, that's what other firms like Forrester and Gartner are seeing. So we're comfortable and we've been very positive about the near-term and long-term growth of the business.
Michael Foust: Sure. On the demand side, from our appalling of the market, a couple of things. There was some absorption, so customers got signed leases. Also, we changed our methodology a little bit. We were including federal government requirements all in Northern Virginia because that's what we are marketing to the different departments. And so we've spread that out now to the actual locations now that we have some better visibilities where they want to be. And then thirdly, there were a few customers that – respective customers that didn't move ahead mostly in kind of private equity-backed colo companies. But largely I think was absorption and how we're looking at our federal government program.
Michael Foust: I think customers typically are looking at – because leases are long, they're looking at kind of average rents over time periods. I would say generally that as I've been saying for the past several quarters, Northern Virginia is probably the most competitive and the market where we've seen the most decline in rents. So it really hasn't had much effect on our returns as we continue to get more effective. Other markets, we're seeing the lease rates pretty stable year-over-year. I think we've expressed that out of our 32 markets, some softness in Silicon Valley, some softness in Virginia and some softness in New Jersey. But we're still attaining good returns and other markets are pretty stable at very high returns process as we noted earlier.
Michael Foust: I mean generally, the leasing activity has been consistently growing in terms of requirements and we're seeing a lot of fourth quarter business that we've been engaged with for quite a while. And folks are working hard on both the customer side and our side to get leases on – get leases completed in the fourth quarter. Like I said, our sales teams are busier than they've ever been and we've got a number of large – relatively large leases spread widely across the portfolio that make us confident that we can – in addition to the backlog that's signed in and placed that the funnel will allow us to make good that range of commencement. And I think also folks get a little too wrapped up about, does something commence in November or does it commence in February? We're talking long-term leases here that have long-term contribution to earnings. So while we're confident of making our range, I think people get a little hung up on 60 to 90 days swings in activity.
Michael Foust: Yeah, Michael. We've got – the $35 million of backlog will very likely be much higher by the time we get to the end of the year for 2013. So we're talking about the backlog as it exists today in October. By the time we hit December, that backlog going into 2013 will certainly be larger.
Michael Foust: Once again, Michael, I think you're really missing the point. This is – I mean we're talking about near-term leasing and the amount of activity is there. And we're executing on it. And it's fully 30% to 50% higher than the last year.
Michael Foust: I don't have that number. I don't have it calculated. But it's a much higher majority now of Turn-Key spaces versus Powered Base Building. The mix is clearly shifted for folks wanting the fully fitted out solution.
Michael Foust: Sure. In terms of the colo business, we're focused on our existing buildings, especially in Internet gateway buildings and other buildings where we have the high concentration of networks that is very attracted to the colo. And where we have inside staff that we can leverage to bring cost effectively, bring that smaller footprint higher touch business online across several buildings in the portfolio. So that is going at pace. We're making sure we're doing it in a very methodical way, so we have a high-level customer service that folks expect. And what's interesting is if you look at a lot of the customers for colo, they are cloud providers, managed hosting providers, content distribution. We're seeing folks that are doing gaming, online gaming with handhelds. I mean there is a lot of really interesting applications that don't take a lot of space. And that's a good set of customers for our colo business. The other question about Asia-Pac, yeah, we've had a little bit of a wall in terms of signings, but not reflective of any decrease in the amount of business we're pursuing. And we're seeing a lot of increased requirements from folks that are providing cloud services, managed services in the region. And we're seeing those requirements being signed in Sydney and Singapore and it's still early days in Hong Kong where we're ways off, but we have interest in Hong Kong preliminary interest from both, those sort of folks as well as especially from corporate enterprise and international Internet companies looking for additional space in both Hong Kong as well as in Singapore. So we're very positive about the activity in Asia-Pac in general.
Michael Foust: Yes. I mean we're – our team's looking very hard at the Japan market, certainly Tokyo as well as Osaka. And while we don't have anything to announce as yet, we're looking very hard at opportunities because we do see a significant amount of demand, especially from international firms with whom we have relationships who need expansion space or they need a business continuance in areas outside of Tokyo region. So it's something – it's a market region in Japan that we're looking at very actively.
Michael Foust: I would guess yes with the focus that we're giving it, and certainly conversations on possible ventures in China as well. But Japan is really on the front burner at the moment in terms of new markets.
Michael Foust: Yeah. I mean we have a very different portfolio than Dupont and they have a much more limited portfolio geographically and a highly concentrated customer base in the Internet sector. So it's really – I'm not saying that's necessarily a bad thing, but it's different and we have a much more diversified portfolio. So I don't have that calculation. My estimate is we're probably up – I don't know, probably over the overall portfolio 5% to 10% would be the roll off overall run rate.
Michael Foust: Yes, I would say so. Because remember we have a lot of leases that are legacy leases and leases in assets where we've been done (inaudible) building leases many years ago. And those where the customer put the improvements in that were originally leased as an alternative use rents. Now we can see a significant uplift and that's been our experience with PBB type leases uplifts 10% to 15% from that component of the portfolio [rhetorically].
Michael Foust: We're very bullish on the opportunities and I think that's something that the market, I think, has not valued highly enough when you look at the increase in stable bottom line earnings as we've been able to deliver as a consolidator. And I think we'll continue to have our cost of capital advantage in the marketplace along with – what's very important too is our technical expertise, that's very attractive to sellers because they know we understand the product, they know we have the wherewithal to close. And that's going to continue to serve us very well and drive very stable increasing earnings as well as additional operating scale. And many of these come with value-add opportunities as well. So we're still quite bullish on our opportunities there.
Michael Foust: We don't have much of that, because our portfolio is pretty new, in that market. But I would say on renewals, we'll continue to see a high renewal activity that we would expect close to market rents, unless the tenant has a fixed uplift in their renewal option. But we don't see much difference because in our portfolio and we've seen this in other markets where we have tenants renewing leases on 10-year-old space and that space is extremely functional, especially since we've seen – we have not seen much of an increase in terms of power densities. So folks in terms of UPS, usually where they have to upgrade the space of adding more UPS, and which we'll do from time to time and especially if its telco space that we want to turn into enterprise data center. But the space is very functional, especially with the corporate enterprise or for your cloud and managed services, IT colo companies, they want space in that 100 to 120 watts a foot. We built space in excess of 200 watts a foot for customers who want this, but we take that space as very competitive.
Michael Foust: I think we'll certainly be at least on par. It's probably – it's early yet, but we're thinking it should be a little higher.
Michael Foust: It's going to be on pace. We're kind of going as fast as we can. So I think it will be very similar.
Michael Foust: I think folks would be well served spending more time looking at the secular technology drivers that drive demand for growth and IT application, growth in broadly IT services, what they're companies are doing in terms of consolidating all these, just for data centers in a closet and getting them into new modern facilities. Looking at a lot of this, the basic research that folks like IDC, Forrester, Gartner, Tier One Research, these folks do deep dives into the secular demand drivers and specifically about demand for data center space broadly. So if you look at, at the growth in folks that are providing managed services, cloud services, content distribution, many, many who are customers and growing customers in addition to the enterprise sector, I think you'll see a lot of that information pretty clearly communicated and defined out there. And I think maybe folks haven't dived into that information that that would be very worthwhile.
Michael Foust: Well, I mean certainly there is more competition in certain markets but a big driver for us is that our – one in particular the Asia-Pac market, we've had a couple of slow quarters and that is – in terms of lease commencements and signings and that's picking up. So I think Singapore and Australia probably have had a bigger effect and I think that's – you're talking about a small dataset of deals and we'll see the activity in Asia of signings and commencements pick up here over the next three or four months based on what we're working on.
Michael Foust: We've got tenants that we're negotiating with and engaged with for almost the entire building there and we've got good activity on the new Sydney building. So we feel good about the activity. It's just the timing is a little different than we initially anticipated at the very beginning of the year.
Michael Foust: You have competitors in all the markets, many of the markets that we're at a premium over, but they're keeping their lease rates flat. And also remember too there comes a point where you just can't keep going up on rate because customers will start to consider alternative build to suits for themselves and go back to owner-occupied models. So we want to be mindful that we want to get deals done and not have folks reconsider owner-occupied and we do a lot of…
Michael Foust: But people will consider building themselves. You don't have infinite pricing or else we have Manhattan – we have Los Angeles or distribution states of $50 a foot. I mean it's not an infinite upward trend and there are competitors, you got folks like CyrusOne out there and they compete on price. Some of the other folks that you mentioned compete on price. We compete on quality of service and hiring (inaudible) uptime in our deep professional staff for liability security. It's where we'll achieve a bit of premium, but you got a whole world of corporate services (inaudible) brokers and their job is to represent their customers aggressively and that whole real estate world. So you just can't price all the time with a continuous upward trend, but we're at very attractive 13% average on the level of returns on costs this past quarter. So we're pretty happy on the type of returns we're achieving on our developments.
Michael Foust: That is how it works. And we define backlog as signed leases. And we usually refer to prospect as our prospect funnel. So backlogs are our signed leases and then once those leases are commenced, then they're out of the backlog.
Michael Foust: Conceptually, there would be attractive assets. Always one has to look at comparison to replacement costs because both – and our understanding is both of those assets would have a considerable amount of vacant space, vacant space that also needs to be built out. Our understanding is there's a lot of shelf space. So any investment in properties like that, you have to be able to have a view that you could build out this space and be competitive in the market with other space including space that we would build. So I think a big question there on kind of the investment [thesis] would be, can you be in at a – all-in at an attractive basis that would make you competitive leasing out the vacant space.
Michael Foust: Great. Thank you, everyone and thanks for the great questions and comments. As always we're available to discuss and we very much value your observations and comments in the market and in our business. And I do want to congratulate our team here at Digital who are doing a terrific job and working hard to take advantage of the opportunities here. So thank you team and once again, thank you all for your time. Appreciate it today.
Bill Stein: And Mike, the total backlog for this year and subsequent years is over $78 million. So it's 29 in Q4, but…
Bill Stein: Ross, we've had many over 20% uplifts on those PBBs. And if you look at the lease rollover schedule which I think is posted, you'll see there's a high concentration of PBB rolling over the next several years.
Bill Stein: Ross, the other point there is the portfolios that are out there, if they're large enough they're looking to a possible public exit. And clearly the multiples for the public exit have changed a fair bit in the last month, if you assume that that will be trading to some discount to DLR and the other public companies.
Bill Stein: We really don't disclose quarter end data. We certainly have signed leases since the quarter commenced, but we don't disclose that information.
Bill Stein: We could, it's just – it gets messy when you start talking about partial quarters and a little confusing.
Bill Stein: Yeah, I mean it will – that will be amortized, that liability will be amortized over the term of the lease.
Bill Stein: Cash is going to go out the door to pay taxes, but the tax going out the door to pay the taxes on a cash basis will be different than the expense that's recognized.
Bill Stein: Jordan, our plan assumed that [Jurong] – our initial plan assumed that Jurong would be basically full at the end of this year. It's probably going to be full mid next year. So that's a six-month delay.
Bill Stein: I'd like to make a clarification on the signed and commenced for the quarter, the midpoint's 28. So, 18, 38, the midpoint's 28.
