Michael F. Foust: Well, we're always looking at opportunities both on individual assets, portfolio, corporate levels. So we're definitely open to any opportunity. Our understanding is that they're pursuing an IPO for the CyrusOne division, so we'll just have to see how that plays out.
Michael F. Foust: No, no disruption at all. Yes, we're fortunate that we have a very strong team of leaders and -- in place, as well as the -- we have the local sales team and our listing brokers and asset managers who all work together. So we don't expect to skip a beat in that regard. I mean, we hate to see Brent leave, great guy. But the organization moves on because we have built a very deep organization here.
Michael F. Foust: Sure, yes. The Needham site is underway. In fact, I was just out there week before last and we're going full bore. I believe we'll be delivering somewhere approximately 150,000 square feet of new construction in that facility and that will nicely augment the existing operating site there in Needham. So we're very excited about that market. And in Chicago, we're definitely pursuing opportunities there to create more product for the customer demand that we're seeing in the Chicago market, so we are actively pursuing development opportunities in that area.
Michael F. Foust: Boston is a good regional market. So the great majority of your demand is coming from New England and Boston region. So it's financial services, including large money managers, banks, life companies, healthcare -- you have such a strong healthcare market in that area -- and other corporate headquarter types in that area.
Michael F. Foust: Well, we'll continue to focus on a combination deploying capital. It's difficult to look out beyond the next 24 months specifically, but certainly, the major markets in the U.S. where we're seeing continued demand, and that would be places like New Jersey, Dallas, Phoenix, Bay Area, Boston, Chicago -- I mean, these are all the, among others, the important markets for us. So I think you'll continue to see the majority of growth because the United States is so large with so many markets. But you'll see increased volumes certainly in Asia-Pac. We're quite excited about the Australian markets we're in: Sydney and Melbourne. We think Singapore has very good long-term potential for us. We think Hong Kong has very long-term potential for us. So I think you'll see us deploying significant capital in those areas. And we'll selectively continue participating in the major markets in Europe and especially London, Paris, Dublin and Amsterdam in particular will continue to be areas of focus for us.
Michael F. Foust: We've been focusing on the GAAP and we want to be consistent and keep giving out the GAAP numbers, but I don't have the cash at my fingertips.
Michael F. Foust: No, this is actually exactly the strategy we've been pursuing to find existing building that has the power and the fiber available that we could redevelop as data center space. So actually this is -- what we've been pursuing for the last couple of years defined that kind of an asset would be really adaptable for data center use. And the park that we're in is really attractive place because of the significant amount of power that's available and the tremendous fiber access and other corporate data centers, Hong Kong Stock Exchange, et cetera. So it's really a very attractive location and what we've had our eye on for some time.
Michael F. Foust: Well, I wouldn't say -- I'd say it's kind of customer demand is specific to markets. So in different markets, no surprise New York/New Jersey is very heavily financial service oriented. Silicon Valley is very tech, social networking oriented. Dallas, you've got a wide range of corporate enterprise, a number of different verticals, as well as IT services in there. So it really just depends on the particular market and the mix of customer demand. And then, pricing is generally driven by supply and demand dynamics and relationships.
Michael F. Foust: Well, it's really an opportunity for us to create value at the asset level in existing Internet gateway buildings that employ the high connectivity with having many networks and ISPs and other assets that we think blend themselves well for the colocation. The smaller footprint business -- it's really, we look at it kind of the spectrum of size of customer requirements, maybe a big company, but in a particular geography, they may need a small footprint. We have space available that we think we can add a lot of value on a property level by building it out and leasing to the smaller footprint requirements. So it's really an asset-driven strategy. And being able to utilize our in-place operating staff, because we do have folks that are operating these facilities and doing a very good job of it. So kind of piggybacking on the business we have now which if you look at total gross revenues of our current colo business, it's about $55 million, and we'd like to see that double in 3 to 4 years. That may be a little ambitious, but I think with the space we have available, it's something that we can achieve in. And the -- again, the margins are very good because they are smaller footprint deals.
Michael F. Foust: Well, the colo space that we refer to is space that we're managing and leasing ourselves. We've pretty much given other folks, who are large customers of ours, first crack at the space. And more often than not, if folks -- other service providers want the space, we're happy to lease it to them more on a wholesale basis, if you will. But it's phased out that we see we could -- that follow right now that we can add a lot of value with and add value at the asset level. The interconnect business, it's probably something we'll continue to do in certain locations where we don't have a Telex meet-me-room setup, but it's really more focusing on space power warm hands and being more network neutral on the network side.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. I mean, we're certainly not seeing as much demand as we're seeing in, generally, in the U.S. markets and the Asia-Pac markets we're in. But I don't want to give the impression that nothing's going on. I think in markets like London and Amsterdam, we're going to see continued good demand requirements. Amsterdam is such a big network location and London with corporate and financial services, it's pretty robust. I mean, we're seeing a lot of demand in London right now, and probably almost 32 megawatts of potential demand. Even in Paris, we're seeing requirements out there, different stages of purchasing of between 12 and 13 megawatts. So it's certainly not totally quiet. So we'll continue to be very focused and bringing on space, utilizing our POD Architecture so we don't get ahead of demand with supply. And I think we're very well positioned to nab, hopefully, more than our fair share of those requirements. We'll be very incremental as we bring new space on in London, Paris and Dublin. And we are looking for another project in Amsterdam because we're fully leased in that market.
Michael F. Foust: We are doing some consulting work with our digital design services in Mexico City with a customer on a development that they're doing. And we're definitely only in conversation mode regarding Brazil, although that continues to be an intriguing opportunity and what I think we will explore in more earnest here this year. Nothing to announce at this stage.
Michael F. Foust: For income properties, it's primarily U.S. And so that's what we're seeing most of the prospects for us for income acquisitions.
Michael F. Foust: We're not prepared to give out that information at this point, partially for competitive reasons and as well as we do have a partner in this, especially for competitive reasons. We don't want to give out those kind of metrics.
Michael F. Foust: I'd say New Jersey and Santa Clara are holding pretty steady. And those we did see in Santa Clara, Silicon Valley, a decline in the second half of last year. I think it's holding steady at those levels. Definitely in Virginia, with a couple of players choosing to be very aggressive on lease rates, that's probably the biggest decline that we've seen. We've been fortunate. I mean, we've been working to meet the market and still maintain double-digit yields on our investments by and large.
Michael F. Foust: We've been very active in Seattle and expanding our portfolio there with our new developments and continue to build out the existing Westin Building as well with our partner, Price Properties. And they're fabulous partners. So we're really excited in looking at other opportunities working with them to expand the Seattle footprint. And we're currently underway -- well underway on a Build-to-Suit for NetApp in Hillsborough, Oregon which is suburban Portland, which is another very attractive submarket for corporate data center users. So we'll continue to look at that Greater Portland area as well. Potentially, to do some, maybe even do some, spective element and continue on with the Seattle business which continues to expand.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, let's see. I think Silicon Valley, we're looking at a current supply under construction of either existing or under construction around 20 megawatts perhaps. I'd have to -- I don't have my notes in front of me on that one offhand.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, we are seeing good demand. These are a little bit trickier opportunities. And tricky, I mean, because they take a lot of face-to-face planning work with the customers because these are more customized solutions, sometimes including site selection and acquisition as well. So I think this is going to be -- continue to be a growing area for us because we're so uniquely positioned with our site selection, our design, our project management our supply chain management. So it's hard for me to put a number on it like what percentage of our overall growth is going to represent, but they do tend to be larger requirements. So I think in 2013 and 2014, we'll definitely see the impact of that work.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, I mean I think we're looking at various phases of prospecting probably around $750 million of suspect deals. Like I said, they're in various stages of review. And that's both income and for development projects.
Michael F. Foust: We have the great majority of that staff in place because, well, these are buildings we're already operating. So we can utilize a lot of that facility staff. And so we've been adding in terms of management, as well as leasing and marketing. Those are the main areas that we've been adding to the staffing.
Michael F. Foust: Well, I think you're making an assumption that's necessarily lower power density, which isn't the case relative to new product. So the power densities are -- tend not to be an issue. And I think you see on our renewals that we're renewing a very high percentage. And typically, the power -- what we label as Powered Base Building renewals because that's where the customers put in the improvements have been renewing over the last couple of years at least in the high-90s percent. I think this quarter was 100% at 20% uplift in overall rent. So as you see by the renewal activity, that continues to be very valuable space.
Michael F. Foust: Well, it's kind of a more on a timing basis and a market basis. So these rates can vary pretty widely by market. And in terms of the overall volume, it's timing, and activities generally seems to be a little more back-end loaded for us as in terms of new signings. And the lease rates are going to vary pretty considerably market by market. And the type of asset as well and the type of applications, whether it's a smaller footprint for a very dense trading or whether it's a more typical power density for more general corporate applications.
Michael F. Foust: I think we're definitely in that 11 to 13 range domestically for stabilized returns, higher internationally. So it's -- our yields are good, very good.
Michael F. Foust: Well, since the quarter ended like 3 weeks ago, but we are seeing good activity. And the leasing -- if you look at -- you can't -- the activity is very good. And you can't just separate out the first quarter from the fourth quarter. It's -- we're seeing a trend with very good activity over the last 4 quarters. So I think if you look in totality, the trajectory is good and we're in a number of different markets. So having the diversity of product and customer verticals, I think, will definitely benefit our shareholders.
Michael F. Foust: No. I mean, they're very good customer, obviously, of ours and along with other folks. But they are combined with the Savvis and Qwest combination in the CenturyLink, they're our largest customer. And we continue to look at opportunities with them across U.S. and in some of these international location sites. I wouldn't say this represents a different trend other than continue to, hopefully, be able to be a good partner and help them expand their footprint domestically, as well as internationally.
Michael F. Foust: Well, I think what we're saying, the non-colocation leases continue to be very long-term. I believe we're well over 10 years, and so I think for the larger footprint leases, we continue to see a good term. So tenants are committing to long-term. So we like that because we think that reflects a higher asset value and in very predictable cash flow stream, earnings stream from our asset base. [Technical Difficulty]
Michael F. Foust: Yes, sorry for the telecom glitch there. Looks like we had a crossed line. But, I definitely appreciate everybody's time and good questions today.  And I want to congratulate our team for very good financial results and the good efforts across the globe in driving our new customer relationships and driving what we think will be a very good year of results for Digital Realty. Thank you again.
A. William Stein: I mean, I think, we don't give -- as you know, we don't give quarterly guidance. I'd say, given the slope of the growth in the year, the $1.17 would be right.
A. William Stein: I actually said at least 50%. The swap rate is very -- fair bit by currency. So the U.S. dollar would swap basically mid-2s. In fact, just about everything swaps mid- to high-2s. Well, mostly mid-2s, except for the Aussie dollar which would swap mid-5s.
A. William Stein: George, right now, we're effectively sitting on cash. We have still $220 million, $230 million to draw on the term loan. So we're going to take that down over the next 90 days, which is what the term loan provides for. As far as the long-term market is concerned, the rates are certainly attractive. And our strategy there is consider a swap lock of out, probably, 12 months and that would really at least for a portion of our long-term financing needs in the first quarter of next year. So basically lock in at today's treasury. We can't hedge the spread but we can hedge the -- against the treasury. I think on the equity, we'll be opportunistic. So there is no need to issue equity, and that's the point I want to make. If we exceed our acquisition targets, it would raise equity so that the acquisition is leveraged neutral, and it may make sense to issue some equity as well. But I'm not going to issue equity and just put the cash on the balance sheet.
A. William Stein: We really have to take the term loan within 90 days. That's how it's structured -- the balance of it.
