A. William Stein: Hey. Thanks, Jordan. You know we don't give bookings guidance and I sense from your question that you're trying to obtain bookings guidance. We're not going to change our policy. But as you might imagine, we're pleased with the trajectory over the past several quarters. You're correct, this is a record quarter. We've had great volume, also a very strong mix in products, logos and geographies. If you look back over the last 12 months, bookings have been trending up and that's how we obviously would like to keep it. We're confident in the growth of the business, long term growth of the business, so I would expect that quarterly volume will follow that as the current funnel is very healthy and we are confident that we can build on our recent momentum.
A. William Stein: Let me break that question apart. So first of all, I think that because of our designs, we've been doing an excellent job of taking costs out of the product, but I will say, I think it's going to be difficult to take much more cost out without affecting the residual value of the real estate. We have put in place something called our VMI program, which stands for vendor managed inventory. We have that in place for all of our major suppliers. And what that is, is a three-year contract where we've been able to lock in pricing for major items like generators, switchgear, UPS module. And importantly, we put that in place before the tariffs were put in place. So our pricing at least for the next three years won't be affected by rising steel prices. I think the other factor that's important for everyone to keep in mind on the call is that we're the only data center company with an investment-grade balance sheet. And I think it's not just the cost of our debt, but the way Andy has managed the balance sheet that gives us a distinct competitive advantage in not only a rising rate environment but, currently, an environment that has an inverted yield curve. So most of our debt is fixed and it's been termed out for quite a period of time. We've also been able to de-risk the labor inflation that I think we will certainly see by keeping our contractors very busy and on site. It's another one of the benefits of having a global sales funnel and buying in bulk. In terms of what's going to affect data center rents, we think that's most directly affected by supply. And if you think about the barriers to entry, it's a restriction in land, which we see certainly today in Silicon Valley and we think we're going to see it in Loudoun County in a few years. In some markets, you see a NIMBY sentiment, not in my backyard. We think that higher debt costs and build costs will also represent barriers to entry. So while I don't think that, with the exception of Silicon Valley, you're necessarily going to see rent growth in the very near term. I think that you'll definitely see it over the intermediate term.
A. William Stein: Thanks, Denise. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the first quarter as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. First, we continue to execute on the integration of DuPont Fabros capitalizing on the value of the installed customer base to realize revenue synergies reaching record high bookings and backlog. We also delivered very solid current financial results being in consensus and raising guidance. Three of the sustainable growth in our earnings has flowed through to cash flow, as well as our distributions to shareholders. And our board recently approved a 9% increase in the per share dividend making this the 13th straight year that we've given shareholders a raise on the dividend. We achieved this growth in our distributions to shareholders while preserving our best-in-class balance sheet which we believe is a critical differentiator, particularly in a rising rate environment. Last but not least our board has approved a resolution giving shareholders the right to propose binding amendments to our bylaws. As I do every quarter, I'd like to conclude today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty team, whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. Thank you all for joining us and we hope to see many of you at NAREIT in June.
Andrew Power: Sure. Thanks, Jonathan. So your question related to appropriately stocking the development pipeline. It's obviously a very fine line as that we've seen from our competitors and we've experienced first-hand here at Digital in the history of our company. I would say we have a very robust capital planning function with a regular cadence, and we're doing our best to line up the supply and demand as the best we can. I think we do have some competitive advantages on many fronts. When you have a large installed customer base that is looking to grow in those markets with a preference to grow in adjacency to their existing loads, I think that translates into incremental wins that it's harder for a new competitor or a smaller provider to really attack. If you look at our pipeline in total, it's almost 130 megs, north of 40% pre-leased. That's obviously book ended by some speculative development capacity and also fully pre-leased activity. If you just look at Northern Virginia, which is north of 60 megawatts and that's north of 60% pre-leased, I can tell you that remaining, call it, 23 megawatts, 24 megawatts that isn't preleased, we're almost playing Tetris with the customers in terms of lining their timelines to move in with our delivery schedules. So, we're definitely tiptoeing that fine line and I think we have the right balance for right now.
Andrew Power: Sure. So I think you were pointing to the retention assuming just on the Scale TKF product, sub-60%. That was largely related to some churn. I think we'd called out a call a quarter or two ago in the Boston market an enterprise customer that was looking to consolidate some capacity. Now not all churn I would say is a bad thing. That provides an opportunity to take back space and re-productize that larger footprint into a colocation offering and expand our capabilities in the Boston market in particular. By and large, other than the episodic customer moving from here and there, we do have some positive churn events where customer is just outgrowing a traditional colocation environment and wants to grow with us on a campus. So a customer moving from one part of their portfolio to another can actually be a positive event. And on the colo side, the other major product domain, we actually had, maybe not record, but very high retention, low churn this quarter call it north of 90% retention on those capacity.
Andrew Power: Sure. In terms of do-it-yourself versus seeking a professional provider like the Digital Realty, I think by and large we've seen more of a trend from even very highly sophisticated, well-capitalized technology customers to come to a Digital especially in the major markets where we have full product offering in terms of space power and also on the connectivity side and where we have land holdings to allow for their business to grow for years to come. I can just look at the mix of our largest signings across the portfolio that we had several signs this quarter that were in the 2 megawatt to 3 megawatt size, several in the 4 megawatt to 6 megawatt. I think 6 megawatt was the highest, in total 6.5 megawatt. And it was from a smattering of customers, different customers, U.S. multinationals, top five cloud service providers, other large sophisticated enterprises that could have the ability to build their own data center and they've come to us for our capabilities in the global platform we deliver to them.
Andrew Power: Thanks, Michael. This is Andy. I think the genesis of this chart was really to try to provide an illustrative view as to incremental risk takes on incremental reward and not an effort to change our guidance table, which we reiterated on the 10% to 12% for unlevered cash returns on our $1 billion of development spend. I think we obviously tilt towards the 10% when projects are de-risked. De-risk can happen from significant amount of pre-leasing or activity, and we tilt towards the higher end of that range when there's more risk in the equation.
Andrew Power: And, Vin, I think in summary, it's a continuation of the capital recycling program that really under Bill in Scott's leadership started years back to kind of exit markets, exit non-core assets and redeploy that capital at better returns into the core portfolio.
Andrew Power: Hey, thanks, Frank. This is Andy. I can take that one. So I think we're doing a very good job at executing in Europe and timing is everything because the example we mentioned on the call, a very sizable customer landed in Amsterdam with us in our Scale campus. It was a legacy DFT relationship we were able to grow internationally and we thought it was going to land during the quarter and it popped over into the next month. And on the backs, I think though there's been a tremendous amount of activity in a few other markets outside of Amsterdam. In Frankfurt, where we've delivered our first campus offering 6 megawatts. We're moving well along in terms of landing an anchor customer with the top-five global service provider. And turning to London, I know the team is working on a, call it, a 600 kilowatt or so deal on the enterprise vertical as well as some demand coming out of our Asia Pacific sales team looking to land in the London market. So the timing of our inventory coming online seem to be quite fortuitous in terms of an increase in demand backdrop. And we think we have the right capacity, and if this continues, like we've seen in the very end of the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter, I think that would point to continue to put investment into Europe.
Andrew Power: Hey, Richard. Thanks for that question. The answer to your question is yes and yes. It did step down partly due to seasonal in terms of bonus accruals. As we know our numbers and performance close to the end of the year. That number will ratchet up a little bit in the third and fourth quarters, and you can kind of look at that similar trend in past third and fourth quarters. We also were carrying in the G&A some head count and some non-comp expense associated with our DFT acquisition that has been winding down on both of those fronts. And we do think, it will step back up, as some of our G&A investments, be it our IT systems, our investment in the sales and marketing department, sales engineering and our overall IT department, as we work on finalizing our integrations and invest the team, similar to the comments we made at our Investor Day in the beginning of December, really to spend not massive dollars but amount in the budget to fuel growth in the business. So I do think they'll pick up in the back half of the year.
Andrew Power: I would say we're always looking to push out customer contracts and having customers contracting with us for longer terms at fair and rising rates. So we did about $57 million of renewals. I don't think that was a record renewal quantity for us. The weighted average renewal term on the TKF which is the larger dollar longer term stuff, let's call it five years. And, no, we obviously keep chopping through our renewals every year. I think we're taking a very much a holistic approach with our global customer base and using those installed, embedded relationships and contracts to come to mutually beneficial outcomes and package more business together and use that installed customer base as a competitive advantage that helps our customers more than some of our competitors can.
Andrew Power: My gut, Lukas, is – that's on the developments-type pipeline that's really largely driven by some of the activity in Northern Virginia. And like I said, we've got, call it 23 megawatts that are as of the quarter were unleased and we're working fast and furiously and bringing on incremental shelves because we'll be quickly through building out on that campus, at least the first phase of it. We also – something I should mention. We also had in the prior quarter there was a shell that was not there that we brought online because the customer signed a lease for the entirety of a shell like in 36 megawatts, including initial take of 6 megawatts within it as well on a long-term basis. So that kind of speaks to the activity in that market, in particular that customers are in large amounts moving to fully contracts when we're literally looking at dirt and explain design very quickly.
Andrew Power: I think there was something in the prior quarter that deflated that adjustment. It was episodic maybe on the leasehold side. I would say with signing more longer-term deals with escalators is going to certainly continue to widen that gap between your GAAP rent and your cash rent. So that would probably be another attributor to the widening of that number. But relatively I would say fairly small adjustment because I would say that the delta between our FFO and AFFO is relatively narrow speaking to the quality of our earnings.
Andrew Power: Hey, Rob. Thanks for the question. So, I do think the data point you pointed out does point to a trend we're seeing in the business as these large either top five cloud service providers, other hyperscalers are seeing a long-term growth trend in their business. And they're looking to lock up capacity in large quantities, knowing that they'll grow into it over time. In that example, they took down the entire shell and rented that from us – or upon delivery, they will rent it from us, and then took one suite and then will grow into that suite – the full shell over time. I think that's something not necessarily identical structures, but I think that many of our large and growing customers are thinking long-term about the growth in their business. And this is just one way to tackle it. Turning to Asia, I would say, I just spent some time over there with our team over there who's incredibly talented and had some great success with the local customer base. And really, it's been about a bit of an import/export business and I don't say that in jest, but it's bringing those local customers into the data centers in Singapore where we had significant pick up in leasing with the new logo on a large-scale deal. And it's also setting that same demand to other parts of the Digital Realty portfolio. And I'm thinking particularly of some of the Chinese customers where they've sent that demand into North America on both coasts and also tracking deals, as I mentioned earlier, in the European market with that same profile of customer. So, overall, great progress from the team in Asia-Pacific in the last handful of quarters, actually.
Andrew Power: Sure. Hey, Nick, I'll tackle the first one, and I'll toss it out to team to talk about on the customer service side. We have a table in the back of our financial supp, it's either page 20 or 21 or 22, that really breaks out the product offerings. I would say the outcome of our expirations in terms of cash mark-to-market is driven by the product offering. It's driven by the customer profile. And as you can see on that, the bulk of our Internet gateways, as you've mentioned, fall within our colocation footprint. And that's not exclusively, but you see that we had 3.5% cash mark-to-markets, all with 90% retention. And if you move to the Turn-Key Flex, which is typically a little bit larger scale, definitely approaching the multiple megawatts in terms of expirations and renewals, that was closer to 4%. It's those colocation product offerings, those Internet gateways are typically incredibly network customer dense, limited capacity, maybe the most challenging type of capacity to move to a new provider. But both, by and large, have had kind of cycled through some peak vintage leases and turned into positive in the last couple of quarters. The other thing I want to touch on real quickly is, we really try to take a holistic customer approach, agnostic to product, and try to bring as many pieces of business, be it a network node in an Internet gateway, a scale renewal in one of our campuses, business in North America or Asia or Europe, and bring that in a holistic fashion to the customer and bring more to the table than just a transactional experience, which we think is a win for the customer in terms of delivering more value, and we think it's a win for Digital. And that often how we treat that customer at the renewal and those economic equations may flow through with a little bit softer or positive cash mark-to-market, but may also translate into more signings in the portfolio near-term and in the future. Maybe I'll turn it over to Dan to talk a little bit about the customer service initiative.
Andrew Power: Sure. Thanks, Sami. Maybe I'll just touch on the interconnection revenue on the signings and the full tour on the P&L and then I'll toss over to Chris Sharp, our CTO to add on to that and also give some commentary on the Megaport question you had. So it was a little bit lower – on the signings front obviously a step-up versus the prior quarter but still not at a level that we're completely satisfied with. I can't tell you, I'd pointed to something specific episodic on the signings. I often look at it the interconnection signings kind of hand-in-hand with the colocation signings where the bulk of that connectivity is being serviced. And on a quarter-over-quarter basis, while not at peak number were down, call it, just north of 10%. I attribute that largely to our pipeline and execution around some larger colocation deals. So sub megawatt, I call it 200 kilowatts, 300 kilowatts, 400 kilowatts, 500 kilowatts. And another dynamic going on there is some – the lines are blurring a little bit between our products in terms of colocation and scale and some of those type deals have actually fallen outside of the colo product into a scale TKF suite. We actually saw a tick up, close to 14% or about 0.5 megawatt for sub 600 kilowatt deals that landed outside of colo. A prime example of that was a large telecommunication company that landed with us I think in nine locations and about half were in product types colo and half were outside product types colo. But net-net I think it's good news because our breadth of product allows us to capture that and I think the pipeline for some of the larger colo deals, which should have additional connectivity in the ensuing quarters is looking pretty strong. But maybe I'll open it up to Chris to add on to that or touch on the Megaport question as well.
