Michael F. Foust: Sure, and it's not really new technology. It's just using different techniques for different climates and different levels of perceived customer reliability. So it's really, from our perspective, it's about working with the customer and delivering a solution that fits what they need, and they require, for their set of applications and their business. So going to Portland is a very easy thing for us to do. We have a lot of experience looking at sites and evaluating the markets, both in Oregon as well as in central Washington. So in this case, we worked with the customer and looked at actually 3 different locations in the Western United States, and working with them for what they wanted to do decided that Hillsborough, Oregon was the best site for them. And NetApp is a great company, and we're very comfortable working with them. And Portland is a very nice tech market. So we're not out in some of the more remote areas where we would perhaps have a different view. So it's just a natural progression for us for doing these Build-to-Suit type projects, where we're delivering product for customer requirements on a long-term basis.
Michael F. Foust: It's very good. The team that we've been working with at Savvis has stayed in place from the CEO on down. So it's been very consistent working relationship, and we're looking at new opportunities to expand the relationship, both in U.S. and internationally. So it's a very good program.
Michael F. Foust: I would just like to add that the work that Bill and the finance team has done well all along, but especially this year in light of all the uncertainties around the Capital Markets, has really been outstanding from an operating and growth perspective. We are incredibly well-positioned to continue our growth program and to continue to deliver our solution across multiple markets and multiple continents. We were in good shape before, and now we're in terrific shape now. And that is a very powerful competitive advantage for us in the marketplace because we can provide these solutions on a go-forward basis, very readily without financing contingencies, which is very, very powerful in the market today.
Michael F. Foust: Well, we typically don't give out our KW megawatt inventory. We prefer to do it in terms of square footage because requirements can vary so much, and markets can vary so much. I can tell you right now that we have spread across 12 or 13 markets about 323,000 square feet of built out turnkey space that we expect will be absorbed in pretty short order. Similarly we have about 322,000 square feet of Powered Base Building space that's ready for customers to either use their own capital or for us to build out incrementally, so we can really manage our exposure to any particular market. And we're probably looking at completing, overall this year, about $600 million or $650 million of construction and certainly next year we'll be on that same track probably somewhat accelerated as well.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, I mean, so when you're looking at -- and that was only on the turnkey rents, I would say, we had dramatic increases, in some cases, on the Power Base Building rents. Really, if you're looking at the turnkey space these are typically gross rents and these gross rents are at relatively high per square foot basis and KW basis because it does include all the operating expenses net of power typically. So your increasing -- so these leases have been increasing over many times, a 7- to 10-year period or even a 5-year period, and a 3% clip on a high number. And it's very good economics for us. So sometimes when we get the end of these leases, oftentimes there is a market rent criteria in the rollover in the renewal option, and so in this case, in this particular quarter, some higher, some lower, it averaged about a 2% decrease on a cash basis, but that's going to be made up in the second year of lease with the 3% bumps that are almost entirely in there. And there are actually 2 contractual situations that were set beforehand not around market, which contributed that. So the good news is with these 3% bumps that we generally have in the leases, that small 2% decrease will be made up in the second year of the lease and then accelerate pretty rapidly going forward.
Michael F. Foust: We'll continue to deliver spec space and we can do that very cost effectively with our POD program. And frankly, I think that will continue to be a majority of turnkey space that we deliver and lease. The Build-to-Suit program is interesting and it will add, I think, materially to our growth. But at the same time we think that combination of our spec building and the PBB where customers want to use their own capital, will continue to be strong contributors. The Build-to-Suit program is really interesting and exciting to us. But at the same time, the deals are even more lumpy than during our spec turnkey developments. So it's hard to project how much contribution they'll have. But we've laid out a pretty good track record now in the last 3 years with these more customized projects and I think we're establishing ourselves as one of the go to groups for these kinds of projects.
Michael F. Foust: It's performed quite well for us. And that project as well as several others, especially where we have high concentrations of telecom networks, the Internet Gateway buildings, and some others in central CBD markets. Where we have pockets of space that lend themselves very well to the colo business. So we see it as a very good adjunct for us to be able to utilize space for enterprises who may not necessarily be small companies but have smaller footprint requirements. And so we'll continue to focus in that area. And I think it can be another adjunct for growth for us in 2012 in going forward. So we quite like the space. It will always be a relatively small percentage of our revenue, but it can be a meaningful adjunct to our other product especially in those more CBD locations.
Michael F. Foust: I think it's kind of the typical rhythm of real estate and deals. Oftentimes, fourth quarters, you see a lot of activity. People need to get budgets deployed. They're looking forward there at their 2012 budgets, and their operating budgets. So I think it's just part of it is seasonality. I think it's kind of a typical rhythm in the real estate world. But we have a good funnel of prospects, and continue to be working in a number of different markets as you know. So there are -- a bit of it is good momentum and a bit of is I think is seasonality.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. It's pretty well spread out. Certainly Singapore and Australia, relatively new markets where we're getting a lot of activity. Working with folks in London. We do have some space at Redhill. I think we have some good activity in Dallas and Phoenix, and then pockets of space in other markets we're working on with some customers in New Jersey as well, Boston, smaller requirements and we have some requirements actually in Santa Clara, Silicon Valley that we're working on as well. But it's pretty well spread out, which is good, having a diversified portfolio from investment basis as well as from a customer service basis is working very, very well for us.
Michael F. Foust: It's really a great position to be in because we can really see clear how we're going to execute our business plans and our growth plans across 4 continents. And that's a very powerful position for us to be in.
Michael F. Foust: Boy it's hard to characterize. Typically, we have a limited amount of space available in the Internet Gateway buildings. And the ones where we do have space, it's pockets of space that will generally lend themselves to a smaller footprint, more colo-type customers or colo-providers that want to take the space. The pricing for the Internet gateways has always been strong and probably going up somewhat year-over-year after enjoying some good uplifts from 2007 to 2009, and so I don't think there's a real pattern there because of our larger footprint customers that tend to be in more suburban locations, the demand there is good as well. I wish I could give you a more clear-cut answer, but it's more kind of the footprint-size of the customers tend to, not exclusively, but tend to be smaller footprints in the CBD because of demand for colo and kind of the nature of the customers for those markets.
A. William Stein: Well, first is the Solyndra deal, so get the $4 million of rent. They've obviously filed for bankruptcy, and we don't know whether they're going to affirm or reject the lease. So we're somewhat constrained in terms of what we can say given the fact that it is in bankruptcy and that we are potentially a creditor. But clearly I think in modeling it, it might be prudent to take out the annualized rent. It's a triple net lease, so there are also expenses associated with that asset. That's on the downside. On the upside, one of the reasons we haven't provided guidance is that we're looking at potentially a pretty significant quarter of leasing in the fourth quarter. There's an awful lot under discussion, which affects backlog. It also affects the capital plan for the quarter. But clearly, the Singapore asset in particular is performing extremely well. And we expect to be delivering space quite regularly, I guess would be the best way of putting it in 2012 in that asset. And given the -- given what's under discussion there in terms of potential leasing, I think you would see potential lease commencements occurring on a pretty regular basis sequentially in the year. So I mean the best way -- I don't know what else to tell you, Michael. There are a lot of variables right now and if we put out guidance, our core would have been right around where the Street is. I think you could look historically and see that when we’ve put out guidance at this time of year, almost invariably we raise it the next quarter because we have a better view of where the year is headed. And in fact, we frequently raise it in subsequent quarters as well in the year. So we're comfortable with where the Street is, in terms of core, I'm emphasizing core because there are transaction costs that affect reported. I don't know what else I can tell you.
A. William Stein: Well, we did raise a lot of equity preferred and common in the third quarter, and I did that because I was concerned -- and frankly I'm still concerned about macroeconomic risk. And I thought, in view of that, it was appropriate to delever and derisk the balance sheet, which is what we did. We’re at 4.5x net debt to EBITDA this quarter. Without any equity issuance in the quarter, in the fourth quarter, we'll be at roughly at the same level at the end of the fourth quarter. So there is really no pressing need to issue equity in the fourth quarter through the ATM. So whether or not we do so would be really opportunistic on our point, from our standpoint. We also, as I noted, we're doubling the size of the credit facility, and that's going to give us a lot more flexibility in terms of when we access the capital markets. The $750 million was a little small for us given the size of our development program, as well as some of the acquisitions we were looking at. So it's not only a $1.5 billion credit facility but it has a $750 million accordion feature so we could increase it to $2.25 billion. And I think that's -- you'll probably see the balances obviously higher now on short-term debt than they were under the former revolver simply because it's larger. I think our next -- you frequently ask the question, what is our next capital raise? And I think our next large capital raise would be unsecured bonds. Clearly, the unsecured bond market for REITs is -- hasn't -- it's basically been nonexistent since the S&P downgrade of the U.S. And we don't need to access that market immediately, clearly, but I think logically, we would be looking to term out revolver debt and we might be looking to term out in currencies in addition to the U.S. dollar to match fund on some of our non-U.S. investments.
A. William Stein: I would have to look at that because we really are looking at this on a market-by-market basis. Certainly, in the Asia Pac region, in Singapore and Australia, those will be almost probably entirely turnkey product in those markets. So I would expect it to probably skew further toward the turnkey.
A. William Stein: Okay. Second question first. As you said, the dividend is a board decision. We are -- I think it'll be 12 months from the next board meeting since the last board increase. So we're trying to do it on an annual schedule. I know that we got off of that a little bit and we were increasing it twice a year, but we're trying to increase it just once a year and put a more meaningful increase in place on that 1 date. So the board will have a view and we will, as a management team, will have a view of the 2012 results including taxable income at the next board meeting. And I think everyone will be in a good position to decide what the appropriate increase should be. And the increase will be, most likely, whatever the increase in taxable income is. And that's since we're paying out -- actually, we're paying out a little less than 100% of taxable income. So we end up pulling back from the next year to meet the 100% requirement. I'm sorry now, what was the other...
A. William Stein: So the -- I think it’s -- the private debt is very challenging for this space. It has been for a while, really since the CNBS market went away. Life companies are lending to real estate in general, but we haven't seen them lending to data centers. And life centers or life companies are also focused on lending to best of class operator/sponsors. And the private companies would be less likely to fall into that category than the public companies. There is obviously the possibility to obtain bank financing, because the banks I think are looking to lend money today. So that may be one source of financing. But that's short-term money, and that's a -- as I think we all recognize, that's a risky way to finance a longer-term asset. And I think that's it. I mean private equity is certainly out there, and there's a lot of private equity to be deployed in just about anything today that moves. I mean, real estate operating companies, you name it, the private equity companies are flushed with funds. So there is really no accounting for that piece of it. I think, that clearly there are some private equity funds that have -- that are in our space that and everyone -- I think everyone on the call knows who they are. We're not aware of any new entrants from the private equity world, but it's possible that if a private equity fund has a lot of capital that it needs to deploy it may be willing to invest for a while at 100% equity with no leverage. My question, how they will achieve their return thresholds for their limiteds. And we do, frankly. But in some ways the motivation maybe more retaining asset management fees on that capital by putting it out the door rather than achieving return hurdles.
A. William Stein: This is pretty far. We could go deep into the year. We clearly have the choice of issuing equity through the ATM to more or less match fund development when we like the share price or to issue equity in bulk. I think it's more likely that we'd issue in bulk if we have an acquisition that’s sizable, and we want to make it on a leverage neutral basis but with the growth in EBITDA and where we stand right now in terms of our debt to EBITDA, I think we have quite a bit of flexibility.
A. William Stein: I'm just very pleased with the great work that our team has done to really deliver the consistent program for our customers across a wide range of markets and regions. And that's a theme, being able to deliver what the customer needs for their data center solution is something that we're really focused on, top to bottom, in our company. And so I congratulate our teams on the great work, and we're very appreciative of the support from the investor community, and continue to drive good returns for our shareholders. So I appreciate everyone's time today. Thank you.
