Andy Power: Hey thanks Jon, this is Andy. Maybe I'll start this one off and then hand it over to Corey to talk about 2Q and also kind of more forward-looking in the back half of the year. I can tell you we're always trying to pull forward deals as fast as possible at the end of every month and every quarter. So, I don't think there's anything particularly unusual about this quarter's results which we're certainly quite pleased with. I'd characterize it broadly back to something Bill kind of mentioned in the prepared remarks really we worked pretty hard for several years now putting together a highly attractive, highly connected diverse and truly global portfolio and platform. And that along with consistent, stable, and productive broad organizational talents and leadership and just solid execution is really kind of what contributed to numerous wins across the board whether it's the vault leasing signings, volume and well -- as well as mix. But I'll let Corey speak to a little bit more of what he saw in the quarter and then we can come back and talk about returns on the larger deals.
Andy Power: Sure. So, a few things. Maybe I'll take these in reverse order. The capital spend, just to remind everyone, we put out our guidance with the first quarter call. So that number really wasn't stale all the way back to the beginning of the year or the end of last year. So, I'd say our progress was somewhat anticipated, and quite frankly, it's the range of that number is in the hundreds of million dollars type of range. So, it's relatively bigger dollars. With regard to releasing, I would say in a broader sense, as a reminder, four of the past five prior years, we've had positive cash releasing spreads. This year, we guided to slightly negative. And we saw that in the second quarter. I would say the preponderance of the actual releasing was in the positive territory. But there was always an exception or two. The two exceptions here, which had good customer and commercial reasoning. One, we did a multi-site multi-geo network node for one of our large global account platform customers are very strategic to being part of our community type customer at an advantageous rate, given the attractiveness of that customer that you see kind of muting what typically is, call it, 2-plus percent increase on those zero to one megawatt-type deployments. And then on a little bit larger, I think just over a megawatt, we had an enterprise customer who did a simultaneous new signing with us in Europe in addition to a renewal with us in our Southeast region. So, when you parse those stats, you obviously see the negative on one piece, but it contributes to the positive elsewhere. We still think it's a strategic advantage to come to the table with that relationship and those incremental arrows in our quiver. But those were some things that contributed to it. And I don't think -- we didn't change the guidance on that quite, frankly, because it's probably one of the toughest to predict, because it depends when the customer wants to in the renewal of its contract, which can be early or can be very much down to the wire. So, it's -- you're handicapping not only the outcome or what period actually happens.
Andy Power: No I think you nailed it on, but going to your second question Matt and welcome back. It's great to have you back cover digital. The question on the 307, why can't you just time that by 2, I don't know if you're colluding with our CEO, because he asked me that same question as well. I did have to remind him two things one of which you highlighted. One we are -- we have been doing some strategic capital management matching our sources and uses. And we are redeeming some notes, but all along to fund our capital spend we were planning to draw down on that $1 billion equity forward. So those shares from the equity forward are not in our share count for the first half of the year, they're going to come into the second half of the year, as we close out that in the third quarter. The other piece COVID-19, maybe I'll take a quick second to really give another tremendous thank you to our operations team globally, who have just gone above and beyond. We obviously with this crisis stayed fully operational, but we did scale down our staffing to make sure we put the safety of our customers, employees and partners first and foremost. So we delayed any type of maintenance spend or repairs and maintenance that could be delayed. And that spend we don't think it's going to be delayed forever. We're working in a safe manner to continue to maintain the equipment. And we expect some of that spend that was thought to be planned and happening in the first half of the year to resume in the second half of the year. 
Andy Power: Sure. Thanks Sami. You are correct. I mean, if you look historically that category would be closer to two-plus percent positive and if you look through what's happening in there there's numerous renewals happening in there on a very granular basis. The reponderence of those renewals are in the positive territory and you hit the nail on the head with -- there was a specific customer that renewed across three or four sites globally with network deployments so small deployments that add up to a larger sizable deployment. And that customer is not only incredibly important to our platform based on its size and scale, but also the value it brings to the other community participants and customers here at digital. So we wanted to make sure that we found the most fair potential outcome for that renewal to secure their future here with digital. It was a little bit on the longer side for that size of deployment in terms of renewal, it's always the rates a little bit longer -- lower rates or longer, but really more of a strategic renewal within that category that brought that into the slightly negative cash mark-to-market.
Andy Power: Thanks Eric. So maybe I'll start off and hand it to Corey to kind of take more forward looking here. So I think a few things to your question. I think we had a really strong quarter in Ashburn, but I think we also had a really strong quarter in North America as well. Just a quick highlights New York City, metro area, top enterprise, network oriented smaller footprint deployments and connectivity, as well as a very strategic build-to-suit project on our Jersey connected campus. Out in the Pacific Northwest continued support of a hyperscaler on a highly strategic project in the Hillsboro market. Continued great wins in Chicago both on the connectivity side within the financial services vertical, as well as a different hyperscaler growing on one of our campuses in the Chicago area. So -- and I think that theme speaks to a little bit about your question. If you do rewind the clock back for a second with the digestion of the last go around I think our business did quite well which I think goes back to serving our customers across six continents, 20-plus countries, 44-plus metropolitan areas and having that globally diverse 4000-plus customer base, has allowed us to not be wed to a specific market or the ups and downs of one specific customer. And last I would say, I don't think each of these customers are on the exact same pacing. They're all at different places in their race or different points of their build-outs of their infrastructure which allows us to kind of help them when one customer is maybe taking a pause or looking to grow in different markets. But Corey please share your thoughts as well. 
Andy Power: Sure, Erik. So also another big thank you in kudos to our global construction team working day and night and weekends for sure in really crazy times. We -- well, I can't say we're able to make up time we've had from some delays from specific jurisdictions like a Toronto or Hillsboro from pulling labor off sites. I can say globally, we are in a really great spot going forward in terms of getting our teams back to work and delivering on our delivery times. The one -- the exception, I'd say -- not exceptional potential spot that we're keeping an eye on and we're not at full staffing in Singapore. Given the labor situation in that country we are not at 100% capacity, but we are continuing to make progress. That being said. So I think we're in a much better place today than we were when we reported on that topic a few months ago. 
Corey Dyer: Yes. Thanks Andy. And yes, I would say that it really was not a pull forward on COVID. I would tell you that we really had a great quarter that we've been building it Andy you mentioned it five or six consecutive quarters of growth. A lot of work that the team has been doing to build our platform, position us the correct way and really build trust with all of our customers. So, I wouldn't view this as a pull forward even though we pull deals forward all the time. This is really just the fruits of our labor playing out for us. But when you think about the segments that we actually had a ton of success with. So really good success across the hyperscalers. Again they value our global platform the geography all of the work that we've done for them with our trusted set of hands and our ops team that continues to provide support for them. And then really just a heritage of success and relationships that we've got going with them. From an enterprise and a network perspective, investing in the team, our sales team, our go-to-market, our global capabilities and then we improved our messaging and our positioning around the value. When we launched PlatformDIGITAL back in November, I think you're starting to see the fruits of that; customers media analysts really just a broad base of people that picked up on that. And then we've had a lot more success with our reps quarter-over-quarter. So, a lot more contribution from the reps. And then finally, I would just say that as we look ahead we think that we're going to really focus on the makeup of our quarter. How do we continue to grow new logos, enterprise wins, or communities of interest interconnection, colocation. And then finally, I think you're also going to see that some of the messaging we brought out has been really picked up and some of the trends that we're driving are starting to drive the industry and how they're thinking and the thinking in the industry around the importance of centers of data and around the importance of data gravity which requires some architecture reconsiderations. So, we expect to see more and more of the industry following our lead in these areas as well. I think I hit most of it Andy but go ahead if there's something else. 
Corey Dyer: No, I think you guys covered it well across the board unless there's something that Jonathan that you'd like.
Corey Dyer: Yeah, sure. I'll take the first question on enterprise demand and what we're seeing and really what's driving it. And I would tell you that, -- Matt, thanks for the question. There's really been no silver bullet to it. We've had a great team supporting customers selling the platform and really building out our platform for us. And so, I would tell you it's a confluence of all these things coming together. We also had a great message that we -- I mentioned earlier, with platform digital and how that's being taken up by the industry and by customers. Our enhanced go-to-market approach has helped us. So, it's a lot of things we did, but we're also encouraged by our rep tenure. We've got better relationships. We've got customers having better relationships with our employees at longer. We've increased the number of reps making quota. We've got a ton more sites that are happening multi-site deals, multi-national deals, average deal size is up. So, from a demand perspective on enterprises, I really believe that the work we've been doing for the last five years and longer as well as the improved messaging and go to market puts us in a position where we're sustained for it. And then you add on to that the Interxion adjustment for us and what we've got from an interconnection and a networking capability and platform, that really puts us in a really, really well positioned spot to go and help enterprises as they navigate hybrid IT and then navigate through COVID and really feel like the breadth of customers, the breadth of our geography. There's going to be some customers in the enterprise world right now that are going to maybe slow down and I've heard that other places. I think because of how many we're helping and the solutions we're bringing to them to help them take advantage of hybrid IT or manage through COVID has really helped us kind of be a little bit insulated from that. Hope that helps Andy if you've got something else to add.
Bill Stein: Yeah, sure. Happy to take the -- take part of that, and I'll hand off to Andy. First of all, as you know, we closed the transaction on March 12. So just about the end of the last quarter, and I've said it on several occasions, but the integration of Interxion is our top priority for 2020. And I will tell you that, we are absolutely pleased with the progress made to date. Particularly given the impediments created by the pandemic. And I think we've done a good job of identifying synergies, expense synergies, and we're seeing potential revenue synergies as well, which is what we'd hoped, but didn't underwrite. As I mentioned last quarter, I'm very, very happy with the collaboration that's occurred within the two firms. David Ruberg and I speak several times a week. I had the utmost respect for what he brings to the data center business. And I do believe that, providing essential services during a global health crisis has had a unifying effect on the -- on both teams. Andy, I'll turn it over to you.
Bill Stein: Sure, Jordan. So by and large, I would say we did not see much of a change in the pricing dynamic during the second quarter. And I think, what's evident of that is you can look at our returns on our development table, which I think barely moved in North America. I think a little -- it's a little bit tough quarter-to-quarter comparisons overall region-by-region, because the mix within a region can certainly sway that outcome. But when we stack it up internally and go market by market, deal size by deal size, we did not see a degradation in pricing. I think further evidence of that dynamic that, you may have seen in Ashburn, we're essentially added another 70 bps of net absorption after close to 300 prior quarter. And our development pipeline is 100% pre-leased for north of 50 megawatts in Ashburn. So when you have a dynamic when you're literally selling the last kilowatt or megawatt, or a project underway, you're certainly not trading price and you're certainly not doing it in a quarter that had this robustness of overall volume. In Europe, I think really just a mix. The prior quarter that we reported signings was just legacy digital. It didn't have a of larger scale deals this quarter. We had the contribution of Interxion, which had two good components. It had consistent more enterprise or network oriented smaller deals call it $10-plus million of that. And then it had some of the cloud computing nodes in a few markets, which are obviously multiple megawatt deals that if you compare EMEA quarter-over-quarter, you would just see a mix shift that would have changed the pricing. So, net-net still see pretty good stability in the pricing for what we saw in 2Q.
Bill Stein: Sami, I'm going to hand this over to Chris to give you a little bit more color on the history and the trajectory of what we're doing. I'm not going to -- unfortunately, I won't sign up for a raising of the cross-connect prices time line on this call. I don't think David Ruberg would be too pleased with me if I did that. But I can tell you we're all about bringing value to our global customers now that total 4,000 customers, and making sure that we are commercially treated in a fair actable way for that value. But Chris maybe you can chime in a little bit about on the cross tech pricing and trajectory. 
Bill Stein: Since 2018 we've added the Ascenty platform in Latin America. We've expanded materially in Europe with the acquisition of Interxion. We've added new markets in Asia specifically new development sites in Tokyo and so. And I would expect that in the second half of the year you're going to see additional contributions out of LatAm EMEA and Asia Pac. 
Bill Stein: And then Colby on your second one, obviously, doesn't have to be specific to a headline in the news, we obviously look at various risks and that's part of our job and our business evaluating risk and return. When it comes to Asia Pacific in general, I mean, I think when we go back to is one we're a global company across 20-plus countries, six continents in numerous markets. And we have a global customer base 4,000-plus customers and rapidly expanding that 124 outages this quarter. I think the diversity of our offering and the diversity of our revenue streams give us a lot of comfort in evaluating risk. If you look at our top customer list, our top 20 customers totaled just under 48% of our annualized recurring revenue. And if you go down that list you got to go past number 19 to find a non-U.S. company just given the size and scale of some of the top cloud service providers and hyperscalers that we're doing business with. Or the number of locations we're doing business with some of the network providers. So you kind of get to like the 1% or less territory when you might run into a customer. So that's a long-winded way of saying we want to welcome all the right customers into our fold. And I think we do the right things in evaluating the right risk, but I think the diversity is what insulates us or protects us to any type of exogenous shots.
Bill Stein: Thank you, Andrea. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the second quarter, as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. First, we further strengthened our connections with our customers prioritizing health and safety while maintaining service levels and reaching record highs in our bookings and backlog. Two, we delivered solid current period financial results beating consensus, beating our internal forecast and raising guidance. Third, we also underscored our commitment to delivering sustainable growth for all stakeholders with the publication of our second annual ESG report and our official recognition as the first Data center ENERGY STAR partner of the year. And last, but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet with excellent execution on the raising of $1.2 billion of long-term capital. I'd like to conclude today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty family and particularly our frontline team members in critical data center facility roles who have kept the digital world turning in the midst of a global pandemic. I hope all of you stay safe and healthy. We hope to see many of you in person again soon. Thank you.
