Andrew Power: And thanks, Jordan, this is Andy. In terms of timing we are right now, we put our initial proxy on file at the beginning of July, and we're readying that final version to out and solicit votes, from both the Digital Reality and the DFT shareholders in the coming weeks. And our best ballpark, I'd say on timing of the actual final tallying of the shareholder votes and the meeting, and ultimately closing this would be call it late third quarter, early fourth quarter. In terms of business planning, I can tell you there's a lot of activity going on, on the integration planning side, getting ready for the closing, day one and beyond. But with regard to competitive intelligence, chasing competitive deals. Right now, up until this transaction is approved and closed, we have to act as two separate independent companies and we're not sharing any information of the sort.
Andrew Power: Sure, Jon. So we beat our internal reforecast by handful of pennies, I would say 50% of that was operational and the other 50% was financing and other items in the P&L. On the operational piece, there were some good wins, but not all of it flows though, a one-time item or two. And on the financing some of that is a product of delaying our sterling bond offering which we had anticipated doing earlier in the quarter, but obviously we are caught off sides and being able to access couple of markets while we're in M&A discussions and ultimately wind up this transaction. So that transaction, we may end up moving forward that till in July. So we are little ahead for the quarter. When you look at back half of the year, where Digital Realty standalone, it's a bit of a delay actually in terms of what we said last quarter where we thought it was going to be a strong first half and a little bit of step down in the back half just got pushed a quarter. The things that we have working against us and offsetting some of our revenue gains are some operational seasonality, things that's of some – on a colocation, we're having exposure to the power cost that we've in the summers. And then there is also our dispositions we have not closed any of those dispositions yet, although our team is working hard and making great progress. But obviously when you sell assets that are income producing, you lose FFO, rate allocates, and I think that timing of those disposal will be kind of backend loaded. And then just lastly holistically on guidance, we do – we do have some handful of pennies in negative carry. We upsized the Sterling bond offering and now portion of that Sterling bond offering will go to ultimately refinance the DFT transaction. And then we have the moving parts of the remaining U.S. dollar long-term financings and the ultimate timing of closing the DFT transaction. So, we felt it more prudent to leave our current core FFO guidance as it is for now and then come back and update you post-closing of those transaction.
Andrew Power: Hey Vin, this is Andy, again. I can tell you we made that a high priority here at Digital, Bill out of the gate spent significant amount of time, great meeting with team and the field throughout the entire organization. just in the last handful of weeks, I've spent a fair amount of time with Scott Davis and team going through all the three core North American campuses, sitting down with their operational team in the field, the guys and ladies and gentlemen that are day-in day-out supporting those customers and their mission-critical infrastructure and we try to give insurances that our goal is to have them as long time here at Digital going forward.
A. William Stein: Sure. Maybe I'll – I think, you were able to sneak four questions in here, but let me tackle the cross-connect volume and return. So, I would say it was a slight bit under the previous quarter in volumes of cross-connects, but there is obviously a numerous variations of products underlying in terms of physical cross-connect. So I think the better economic indicator looking at the Cross-connect revenue line item on the P&L, which is up year-over-year call it 20%, obviously there is a – not enough – there's an apples and oranges there from our acquisition in Europe, there wasn't in the numbers. On a more organic basis, just North America, the cross-connect revenue was up call it low teens, so we're quite pleased with that number. And then I think to your last and final question with regard to an investment we made and maybe I'll ask Jarrett to chime in on that front.
A. William Stein: Let me start off, Colby. What, Jordan, I think, started answer for two, we got three to four pattern here. So, we'll try to...
A. William Stein: Your first question was on the signings and inventory timing. So, in the back of our financial supplement, we have our active development pipeline and in particular you will see in Europe, in Frankfurt, Amsterdam, and London, deliveries of – on a largely concentrated on our campuses be it Crawley in London, the President in Amsterdam, and also in Frankfurt, deliveries call it late fourth quarter, early first quarter 2018. Late fourth quarter of 2017, early first quarter of 2018. So, that's where our larger footprint, that doesn't mean we're totally sold out in all those markets. We do have incremental capacity in Dublin, We do have – we're not a 100% leased from some of those campuses and we do have some capacity in our gateways, but the larger footprint capacity inventory supply chains coming on call back half of this year or early next year. Your second question, you said it was...
A. William Stein: Sure. I'll start off on the one. So Cyxtera, CenturyLink that's the product of the transaction where CenturyLink sold its colocation business where they lease long term from Digital Realty numerous of those locations. And so, Cyxtera now becomes our top customer as a standalone business albeit CenturyLink did remain in equity ownership in that business. That business now being run by Manny Medina and his team, who has a long history with Digital and we're looking forward to support that customer and it's growth and in terms of activity with Cyxtera going forward, I'm pretty sure we've actually had some business together in terms of renewals subsequent to the transaction. So all things full steam ahead, CenturyLink is still a large customer with the sites, they aren't in the top customer list. It is not a top 20 customers anymore and they still have numerous network node deployments, probably largely concentrated in our Internet gateway facilities. And then in terms of trends and signings. I don't have the by market interconnection signs, I can tell you some stats on the – in terms of demand or the industry verticals. Go forward, Jarrett.
A. William Stein: Answer to your first question, Paul, the customer conversations have gone well. Obviously, we have a very different offering than DuPont has on a global basis as well as a smaller footprint offerings in the interconnection. So there has been a positive reception in that respect.
A. William Stein: And then Paul on your second question, just to frame it, so I think you are referring to our rollout forward of our backlog table in slide 13 of the deck, where this year we have about a $11 million commencing in 2018 and the same period a year ago it was I believe $31 million. I think that's really just a product of the signs that have no commenced on the book. Last year I can think of at that time we had signed for some fairly large deals in like Osaka, Japan, where we had literally signed the deal before we had broken ground on the site. So these were much larger amount of signing with a forward commencing period. So, I think it's really a timing of inventory coming on relative to signings that are in the backlog, that's driving that. And then just lastly I want to circle back because John Stewart reminded me, he didn't think I appropriately addressed Jonathan Atkin's question, to make sure I was clear. The reason Cyxtera and CenturyLink disappeared from that number two tenant and Cyxtera appears is because CenturyLink sold its datacenter business, and Cyxtera is the new customer for those 20 assets that are on our top list. Just to be clear on that point.
A. William Stein: Sure, Matt. So, the – we agree we had fairly high retention both on PBB and colocation, PBB in the second quarter at 89% and colocation at 90% and the other thing I'd highlight is the lease tem, a lot of these transactions are fairly long; 7.7 years for TKF, 8.6 years for PBB, for weighted average across the all the products of just over eight years. With regard to TKF the retention dipped a little bit below the last 12 months and obviously a little below the historical average. It was a slightly lighter renewal on the quantum, it's about 20% of the last 12 months average in terms expiring sort of fees, so the sample set was a little smaller, in particular there was a megawatt or 2 megawatt expiration, where the customer decided to not retain with us on that specific lease, but actually consolidated their applications and their load into other space that they had taken with us on that same campus in a building where they had more room to grow. So, a bit of moving the puzzle pieces together, but obviously a technical non-retention and that is on one of our campuses in one of the top 40 North America markets, where you see strong demand and we had strong new signings in that market. So, I know we've released a portion of that but I think we will be able to quickly release in the interim.
A. William Stein: I'm sorry. Sorry, Denise to interrupt you. The only thing I would add is I think that the key element is not being "single courted" on your relationships, and having the team at the executive level at the site, in design extraction, in sales and operations all supporting these huts for day in and day out. They certainly had some early wins with some large customers and they were able to support those growth, and showing that great support and success was translated into incremental wins over time. And think of large customers that land and expand them in ASH1 campus and continue to want to do so. That's very similar to here at Digital, we had some great some wins with likes of ridesharing company and another social company and we're early with them, and we had great experience with them so. I think, we've come together with two similar cultures, and I think, it's going to be a great combination together.
A. William Stein: I mean, Vin. I think we do need some additional sales resources, Dan is looking. But I don't think he is fully staffed quite yet. So it's not going to hit G&A in a material way. But with the right sales sources in a couple of his sectors, we can certainly move that number.
A. William Stein: Sure, Richard, and obviously just want to reiterate up until the transaction closes we are operating as two independent companies. So, the DFT team is handling renewals as well as new leasing with their customer base and we're doing the same with our customer base on our side of the table. I can tell you for the larger customer, the larger hyperscalers, cloud service providers or names that you've referenced, we're in active discussion on renewals and in locations where we have them with near term expirations, there what they have expressed to us is desire to stay and renew on a long term basis. And these are the customers that in other locations they have recently grown with us. So, the leases have just recently commenced, or will be commencing soon. I would anticipate the DFT side is having similar types of conversations with their customer base and many of these are the same customers.
A. William Stein: Yeah, I think also you can look at DuPont's addressed this issue particularly with Facebook in their Q4 2016 prepared remarks and then again in Q1 of 2017 and that will give you a little color, but there's probably not a lot add to that.
A. William Stein: Sure, Rob. And obviously, due to confidentiality reasons, we don't like to speak to specific customers ins and outs, but if a customer's location is decreasing, that would obviously fall in the non-retain bucket of an expiration. There's certain customers, and I have bought it in the names, like the name you mentioned that has taken space down with us over time in multiple suites in a campus and sometimes they want to consolidate their infrastructure to be more centralized or take up an entire building versus having it in multiple buildings across the campus. So, there are some times we're moving parts and consolidation comes to play. And our retained space is not necessarily an awful thing, because incremental deliveries they may have already leased with us maybe commencing coming online. So, not necessarily specific to the name you mentioned, but that's a trend we've seen and really part of our value proposition where a customer can land with us and know their business model is going to be future proofed based on the series of buildings we have on campuses in hundreds of acres that we have adjacent to it.
A. William Stein: We are certainly seeking to participate in those opportunities with the – just to refresh everyone's memory and the DFT team filed their second quarter earnings release this morning, they've an active pipeline of projects that are in construction and some of which I toured in the last several weeks meeting the team, and there were call it – almost 80 megawatts of active development across their core markets, and those are roughly half preleased, with great customers commencing leases but leaving space that will be coming online and be readily available to lease for large footprint or small footprint scale customers. So we remain committed to the full product spectrum from the (1:06:55) up to the hyperscale.
A. William Stein: Andrew, given the fact that we must be fiduciaries to our independent shareholders and act – operate independently. I have not seen any change in terms of competitive nature or delays to business to-date.
A. William Stein: I would just – at this point, which we are now call it just over almost two months since the acquisition and based on the fact that we did extensive diligence of this business and this team, and prior to the transaction, I think I would right now currently would reiterate the, call it, $18 million-ish of overhead, which is I would say 70%-ish of their G&A.
A. William Stein: I would say, where the puff is going on Green is – it's going to become more of a table stakes requirement for any of these large sophisticated customers and consumers of power. And I think we have some competitive advantage today given how long we've been making sustainability a priority to digital. The financial benefits I mentioned as a counterparty to secure the – secure green power. So I think we're very much aligned with what our customers want from sustainability and green front, and I think we're only going to as a combined company with DFT, be able to offer the – that offering to our customers in a likely lower cost and more comprehensive way.
A. William Stein: Thank you, Denise. I'd like to wrap up our call today, by recapping our highlights for the second quarter, as outlined here on the last page. We set the stage for continued future value creation, with an agreement to merge with DuPont Fabros, a high-quality, highly complementary portfolio, concentrated in top tier U.S. metros, in an accretive transaction that strengthens our balance sheet and expands our relationship with the blue-chip customer base. We also continue to support the growth of a diverse mix of customers who are driving the digital economy with a healthy level of new business and record renewal activity. We delivered solid current period financial results, beating consensus estimates by $0.05. Finally, we further strengthened our balance sheet by settling the remainder of our forward equity offering using the proceeds to redeem high coupon preferred and opportunistically raising an ample mix of attractively priced debt capital. We finished the quarter with the debt-to-EBITDA at approximately 5 times and fixed charge coverage over 4 times. As I do every quarter, I'd like to conclude today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty team, whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. Thank you all for joining us and we hope you enjoyed the dark days of Zorro.
Jarrett Appleby: Hey, Jordan, if you recall we launched the product, the service exchange in December. It's on track and it had a plan, we're continuing to expand to 17 markets by early 2018. We're still very supportive. We wanted to take a different approach and integrate it into our product, integrate it into our portal, we've enhanced the redundancy of the platform, but we also wanted to remain open in terms of future opportunities, the open service exchange environment to allow other options to come in. But we ended up investing the million because largely we wanted to really maintain close ties to that software development partner, because it's integrated in our interconnection platform with strong alignment, with our management team and their board, and we're staying very, very close in terms of the service development road map and also the go to market interest on behalf of our customers.
Jarrett Appleby: It's Jarrett. Early trends we saw some good momentum in the new campus in Ashburn, with the colocation and the pull through there. Our traditional markets are strong on the interconnection trend. Chicago, New York, the Gateway, Santa Clara, those big three markets in North America. So – and we're seeing pull through, early pull through on some of the colocation as far as the service exchange launch as well. So, those were kind of the core markets we saw some growth.
Jarrett Appleby: Thanks. The vision was really predates me, Bill really set up the dedicated team to set up a sustainability vision, had a dedicated team. And then we've engaged from our product and with sales, if we sort of the – kind of we've interviewed the customers and they're really seeing value on it. So, we started with the wind power deal, but we covered our colocation product with this. We've since augmented with solar initiatives, and there is a whole team now working – a power working group that is working on that focus, and you can see the results as we were really announcing this quarter. You are seeing that being recognized now in the industry as a leadership role and we're committed to that globally.
Daniel W. Papes: Yeah. Colby, hi, this is Dan Papes, and thanks for your question. First you commented on the second quarter and it perhaps being a little later, I would like to just note that in the first half of 2017 we actually grew 17% year-over-year in total lease signed, new lease signings versus first half of 2016 and our colocation business grew 14% year-over-year in the first half 2017 versus 2016. And that's after you just for the – for the Telecity acquisition. So, a strong first half and you kind of note the uneven nature of demand in this industry, but when you look at the first half, it's something to feel pretty good about. But as we look at the third quarter, we like what we see from a pipeline perspective and a demand perspective both across the scale business and the colocation business. I would just say, I kind of extend that even to the second half, we like the pipeline, pipeline is one thing. The other is executing on that pipeline, which we plan to do. We've got a very strong team in place as I think you know we restructured the team in the first quarter. And we feel like we're well-positioned now to have a strong second half and third quarter as well. Now – now we're going about executing against that.
Daniel W. Papes: Yeah. So Paul, let me just add to Bill's comments. This is Dan Papes. Our customers like DuPont Fabros, and they like doing business with them. One of the things Bill mentioned in his opening monolog was that we thought that DuPont Fabros would add to our customer efforts to become ever more customer-centric and DuPont Fabros has a reputation in the marketplace for being such, and the feedback from our customers along those lines is, we like doing business with them and that will help us like doing business with you guys even more. Our customers are also, especially obviously our largest scale customers, like to know that we'll have if and when the merger closes that we're going to have the inventory that they need in the markets in which they are growing. One of the reasons obviously that we pursued the merger was because of the quality markets they are in, the quality products they have, and the quality products that they are building. So, the feedback we are getting from the market is, from our customers and some of our potential customers is universally of it.
Daniel W. Papes: Yeah, so thank you, Matthew. We, as I have previously stated have organized our go-to-market teams by what we call buyer types and verticals and we call them sectors. First is the Global Solutions sector, that's our cloud service providers and hyperscalers. And I think I mentioned that we see continued strong demand in that area. And we're going to continue to serve that, and the contemplated merger with DuPont Fabros is going to serve us well there. From an enterprise perspective, we think took our eyes off that in the previous couple of years, we now have our eyes staring straight at that market. And within the enterprise space the conversations we're having with clients all the time is about hybrid cloud. And what direction they should take or what direction some of them plan to take, and how we can serve them with – with the portfolio of solutions that we have both with the ability to go from a single cabinet to a multi-megawatt deployment, but also with our Connected Campus and service exchange capabilities. But we're a quarter-and-a-half into focusing on the enterprise in a different way and we're seeing that as a good thing for us to have done. And then in the network space we're seeing, I would – we don't report our number separately but from a sector perspective, our sales into the network space and our pipeline into the network space is one that we're very excited about and will continue to contribute positively in the future.
Daniel W. Papes: Okay. Thanks, John. This is Dan Papes. A few things that we've observed. One is that DFT they have very close, I would call it, business relationships at very senior levels with our customers and interact with them frequently. They have a smaller number of customers, so at some degree they are able to do that, but it's also cultural and there are some people there that will add few our culture from a customer centricity perspective that we think will be helpful. They also have some customer support processes that we haven't been able to dive into deep detail with, but the way they interact with our customers on a regular basis from an operations perspective has been shared with us from our shared client base and we feel like that out of our operations group we'll gain benefits from that from the processes and the philosophies with which they used to manage their customer relationships day to day. So, those are some of the things that we've observed and that we're going to try to leverage should the merger close, and I'm sure there'll be other things that we'll uncover as we go that tell us why those customers enjoy doing business with them, will enjoy doing business with us together.
Daniel W. Papes: Okay. And Vin, this is Dan. I'll just add to that. Bill has made very clear to us and with the approach here that we agree with, which is we didn't just buy some very high quality assets, if we – when -- if and when the merger closes, there are also some best practices and some cultural elements, some of – what some of those that I just mentioned in my – in my previous comments that our value here that we want to retain and leverage and so forth, that includes, that includes people. So it's what we see here is we're – we're probably acquiring, we are acquiring some industry best practices that in some cases might be better than the way we do things today. And we want to go ahead and leverage those. And some strong people with not only who have strong relationships with customers, but also some strong people from a delivery and design perspective as well. So our idea here is to capitalize on the multi-pronged portions of DuPont Fabros that goes beyond the assets, includes the people, the processes and elements of the culture.
Daniel W. Papes: Yeah. Vincent, a few comments from me. As the leader of the sales organization, we – I would say, as Bill mentioned, a marginal amount of additional sales resources, we think would be helpful here. We're also very focused on the quality of our resources. We have made some significant, I would say, upgrades in the quality of our sales people, and some of them may cost a little bit more, but we – if we take on less of them and they are more productive, that's very helpful to us. The equation comes out the same from a cost perspective. And so, we – that's the approach we're taking. I don't see a need, and I don't go ask Bill and Andy for meaningful or impactful from a financial perspective additional sales head count at this time. I think, we drive based on the head count that we have today, and make sure it's quality head count.
Daniel W. Papes: Yes, Richard, just to add to that, I think, Bill uses the right term foreseeable future. When we talk to our large customers, cloud service providers, and those aren't CSPs, that are hyperscalers, they don't talk about a trough in 2018 or anything like that. Their plans seem to be to continue to grow, it's just not to get too basic about it. But the fact of the matter is, the amount of the data is exploding, and the amount of processing is exploding, the need for storage is exploding. And it's hard when you just kind of look at what happen in the IT industry today, and the demands of customers for more or more data, just if you look out as far as you can see, and you just can't see why it would diminish anytime within our line of sight. So, we think – we just think, it's going to continue, and we're going to keep going after it.
