Andrew Power: Thanks, Jon. This is Andy. Look, there's, I guess, still a handful questions in there, so let me try to unpack them. Overall pipeline, obviously, we're -- we don't only speak to a specific pipeline number. I think if you look at the composition of our signings in the first quarter, it's quite healthy across regions in terms of competition, size, the deals across industries, a great 43 new logos. So fairly healthy, and I think I've characterized the pipeline going forward consistent with that strength. Your question on the, I guess, more -- see more double-digit megawatt opportunities, say, on the whole, we've seen an increase in double-digit megawatt opportunities roll with additional inventory coming online. While that's been the case for Nashville or Dallas, Chicago, where we've been building out campuses for quite some time, it's been a little bit of a newer phenomenon in Frankfurt and Amsterdam or London or even in Toronto, and certainly Osaka, where, for example, where now these larger customers could see immediate inventory meets their needs, and you can see that runway to growth. So I do think you're going to continue to see that mix of more double-digit megawatt deals continue. I think your next question was a little bit of kind of compare and contrast on the markets. I'll try to do that efficiently. Maybe starting in Asia, I think we've seen some great strength that Bill mentioned. Firstly, in Singapore and Tokyo, markets were literally trying to find extra capacity in the broom closet for some of our customers as it relates to the next leg of our campuses in SIN12 or our newest campus in Tokyo come online. Osaka, this is not to highlight there, where we are bringing on capacity in a series of adjacent campus-like facilities where our customers are growing with us in a nice smooth runway. Hopping over to Europe, Frankfurt's going to highlight their great 3-megawatt signing to an IT service customer that had an enterprise customer that they exported from the U.S. into that market. We've seen some robustness there at a time where, I'd say, supply was quite limited. Back in the Americas, as I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the competition was really Toronto. We're building upon our success there, and I think we've seen some incremental inbounds most recently there and some also -- some office -- the other wins in Dallas and Santa Clara. A little lighter on Ashburn, but that was very much subject to inventory. And then Bill kind of gave you a little preview of our entry to Chile and the success with Ascenty. So the second question, just so I have it right, Jon, was about EBITDA margins and where we get to see that going from here. So I guess the midpoint of our guidance is to be at about 58% adjusted EBITDA margin. As a reminder, that's down over 100 basis points year-over-year from ASC 842 accounting change for the expensing of nonsuccess-based leasing compensation. Right now, I could tell you we're much more focused on expanding -- or actually I should say we're less focused on expanding our industry-leading EBITDA margin and more focused on growth. Over the longer term, I think it's pretty intuitive as we continue to scale our platform globally, particularly in new markets that I mentioned with more volume campuses and with greater times and scale. I do see a longer-term trajectory to further EBITDA expansion, pushing up closer to the 60% area that you mentioned. But right now, again, the focus is more prioritizing growth given the feel that we have quite a healthy EBITDA margin.
Andrew Power: Sure. Thanks, Jordan. So I guess the components again. So Brookfield closed on its 49% joint venture the very last day of the quarter. So we had not anticipated that to take so long in terms of regulatory approvals and tax and legal structuring, but we did prepare for just in case, and they've compensated us for carrying their share in the investment with a current return. And that's, obviously, going to go away. So it's a bit of a onetime benefit to actually feel in the quarter. To a lesser extent, the U.K. corporate tax rates revised from 21% down with something slightly lower than that, I think, 17%. And obviously, we have non-U.S. dollar investments in London that we have to adjust our tax rate for deferred tax assets or liabilities in this case. So having a benefit to our core FFO, that appears in the quarter as well. So those are the things I'd say that contributed to the several pains of outperformance in the first quarter relative to our original guidance. And in terms of headwinds, that counteracted us in the quarter and also will counteract us in the full year. I think I spelled out we had some bad debt expense. We have a more troubled private colo reseller customer that's a relatively small percentage of our total portfolio, but does provide some headwinds during the quarter. It certainly kind of dampened our same-store NOI pool year-over-year growth and also will provide a headwind to the core FFO per share growth on a full year basis. So I'd say, right now, consistent with prior practice, which is really a philosophy of not sending the starters into the locker room after 1 of 4 quarters, we do keep our guidance constant. And going to your question on the -- a drawdown on the equity forward, so there's a $1.1 billion gross equity. We have not drawn down on any of it. As you can see from the balance sheet at 3/31, we had just over $800 million of revolver balance on the $2.6 billion revolver. We had about $130 million almost of cash on hand. Brookfield literally came in the last day so we couldn't even pay down the revolver with a portion of that till a day later. And I would say we're going to be drawing down a portion of it before the end of the second quarter. We took a little bit of poetic license on the chart. We're putting that bar just to the left of the second quarter bar, but I'd say the bulk of it will be -- bulk, if not all of it, will certainly be done by the end of the quarter.
Andrew Power: I'm just stating we have a $127 million-or-so cash in the balance sheet at 3/31, because that money literally came in that single day and we couldn't send the wire to pay down more revolver balance for that piece.
Andrew Power: Sure. The -- I think we gave you adjusted EBITDA margin guidance, not Chile EBITDA. But so I'd say, if you look across that guidance table for each of the assumptions and, ultimately, the output row at the very bottom, we've kept that on an apples-to-apples basis throughout without no change. I think if you go back to our initial guidance back in the first weeks of January, we did try to give you what '18 going to look like under the change in accounting for ASC 842.
Andrew Power: No. I mean, no -- same accounting for the table and the -- from left to right on there. I mean, the only difference is Ascenty, Brookfield. We owned 100% of Ascenty from December 21 on through all but the last -- very last day of the first quarter. So we recognized consolidated or almost 99%, I should say, of that venture. It actually does only 1% interest through our P&L. And on the last day when Brookfield closed on its 49%, it slipped to an unconsolidated joint venture at the -- and ultimately, given it's literally 1 day, it really wasn't material enough for disclosure on the back of our financial sup. It will be next quarter when we own 49% for a full 90 days. And we did provide a reconciliation on our leverage stats for both net debt-to-EBITDA and fixed charge coverage to make sure you're apples-to-apples in numerator and denominator for our provider share of ownership on those cats.
Andrew Power: Eric, this is Andy. I mean, I'll try to tackle that. So we've obviously been monitoring this market quite closely. It's certainly the most competitive market in the arena. I would also say it's historically been the largest and have the largest amount of demand and most robust and diverse demand across all cloud service providers and enterprise customers. We've, as Bill mentioned, had a pretty great phenomenal success of latest 12-plus months, call it, close to 99 megawatts to the point where pretty much all of our existing inventory had been leased. So we came up -- although short, now we did not anticipate that was going to happen a year prior when we would have grown incremental inventory. I think the way we think about tackling that market, we are closely monitoring relative competitiveness. We are very, very pleased with the fact that we are selling to a very large and growing installed customer base. Many customers want to grow with that adjacency, adjacent suite, adjacent buildings, really a short walk across the road or a conduit for the fiber to be pulled. And many of these customers who have already landed with us have that game plan already rounded out incremental capacity they want to take once they're fully utilizing their existing suites. So having that installed base is certainly a competitive advantage to date, and I think that will bear fruit as our new inventory -- our latest inventory comes online in the back half of 2019. The other thing I'd say is the tool we utilize in pretty much defending our rate of returns of profitability. And any more competitive market is really flexing the muscle of the global multiproduct portfolio and bringing together opportunities for our customer to grow in various supply constrained more rare and unique opportunities, be it Tokyo or Singapore or Osaka or Frankfurt or South America, kind of patching opportunities for these customers and not beholden necessarily do that private one-off competitor that has only has -- anything to sell is rate. So obviously, more to come. I will be even more close to the front lines as we have inventory to sell against that market. But I think we've got a tremendous value proposition and some pretty good tools in our toolkit to make sure we maximize value for that market and for the company.
Andrew Power: Honestly, I would say that the timing of inventory tightness and demand is taking a bit of a pause kind of coincided for us in that market. So I'm not sure we really lost out based on our look at the market in the first quarter. There was a tremendous amount of deals we lost out on, even if they were at more competitive rates due to our lack of inventory. And I think that goes back to some of Bill's commentary of there we landed large consumers of our product in the prior 12 to 18 months that often take kind of several months to digest in the restocking mode, and then come back and want to grow with that capacity with adjacency. So today, I don't think there's really any regrettable losses in that market of any substance, even with a fairly competitive pricing opportunities out there from certainly many of our competitors that do not have other value-add for their customers beyond just offering a new price.
Jordan Sadler: So first question is on guidance versus sort of the beat in the quarter. Andy, you touched on it when you went through Slide 16, which is always helpful. But I guess, just running the numbers as opposed to looking at the bars, if I backed the $1.73 in the quarter out of the $6.65, it implies that you're going to do $1.64 per quarter in order to get to the full year, or that's what you need to do, at least, which seems like a pretty sizable step down. I know you touched on some of the puts and takes, the Brookfield JV funding, obviously, is a little bit of a drag. The tax benefit, I guess, I could use a little bit of a better explanation for. And then separately, can you maybe elucidate what we should expect to happen on the forward equity a little bit better? Because at least in this illustration, it shows you taking down all of the forward equity prior to 2Q -- or before the 2Q bar? And then I'll have a follow-up.
Jordan Sadler: Just to clarify, the Brookfield cash doesn't -- didn't show up on the balance sheet at all. Is it because that's...
Jordan Sadler: Okay. My follow-up was more on sort of funding longer term. You've recently -- and maybe this is a good question for Mr. Wright. You've recently talked about a self-funding model potentially, and I'm just curious if we can get an update, maybe a few months into the year what it looks like as you've sort of gone after the market or have taken an assessment in the portfolio, how we should be thinking about Digital's funding and sort of harvesting of assets this year.
William Stein: So keep in mind in the first half, we really didn't have any inventory in Northern Virginia, which is our strongest and biggest market, and that's going to be coming on in the second half. So that, at least, will give us some product to sell. I could tell you that just based on conversations that we're having -- well, in fact, backing up, the purchasing cycle of these CSPs tends to be spiky. It can be -- it has been volatile. And not all CSPs buy on the same schedule and some buy in far greater quantity than others, and in some regions, see greater orders than others. I mean, in general, Virginia is the highest and we see smaller orders. Historically, we've seen smaller orders in Europe versus North America. So there certainly was a lull in the first quarter. And I think despite that, we did $50 million in bookings, so we're happy with that. And in some ways, we feel that the quality of bookings is better in the first quarter because it's -- we're less dependent on the large spiky CSP orders. But I have no doubt that those orders will resume in the back half of the year.
William Stein: Sure, Michael. I'd like to fill in some of the details here. So this is very consistent with our Digital Realty new market entry expansion. Purely customer-led. And this one, in particular, derisked by simultaneous customer signing and our control of land, and ultimately, start of construction. This is a -- initially going to be about a little over 6, 6.3 megawatts data center hall in Santiago, but has a runway for growth too. Could be another 20-plus megawatts with adjacency. So -- and I think on the heels of this, I think we'll likely see additional other customers looking to expand in this market as well.
William Stein: Mike, you probably know it, but the initial structure is leased hall, and that is really a function of time-to-market. Our expectation is that we will purchase that asset.
William Stein: Sure, Colby, leet me -- I'll handle the first one and I think Greg can pick up on the second one. I wouldn't say that there's been any change since January that causes that. It's just a function of looking back over history and seeing what the buying pattern has been. Obviously the -- some of the CSPs have taken the very large blocks of space in the relatively recent past, which has taken some time for them to absorb. But if you've listened to the Microsoft earnings report today, their cloud business is clearly very robust. And I will assume that the other firms will report in a similar vein. And at the end of the day, you really need to procure a space to house these operations. And that's why we feel as we do.
William Stein: Michael, why don't I -- maybe I'll start with actuals and kind of bridge to guidance table, just to kind of put a -- make it more clear. So our same-store NOI came in at negative 2.5%. That's cash NOI year-over-year for the quarter. I would splice it into there were normal course business that would have had that number coming closer to 1% positive or at least 70 basis points positive, for sure. And we had 3 more episodic -- at least 2 or 3 more episodic headwinds that hit us during the quarter. I mentioned there's bad debt expense that is the net against the revenue and obviously the cash NOI from the coprivate colo reseller that is a customer within our same-store pool. We also have that global relationship multimarket 15-year renewal, which had a, call it, blend and extend component. The customer had like 2.5 years left and we pushed them out 15 years. And while we lowered the rate, which you'll see in our PBB renewals and some of our TKF renewals, those leases are now cut on in the 2.5-plus rate for now 15 years, which we think is a value maximization path there. And then we also had some FX headwinds doing track with the dollar, because now then you hedge on an unlevered basis from the same-store NOI pool. So negative 2.5% as reported cash NOI. If you were to back out the bad debt, the FX and our strategic renewal, that would have been about 0.7 positive. I would say if you kind of then translate actuals for 1 quarter into guidance table for a full year, I would say about half of the decrease in the NOI is due to the bad debt expense and the blend and extend renewal. Again, that's not something we do every quarter or every year. We don't have that many customers that have that much capacity with that short of duration available to renewal at once, and you do renew it once and resets. And I'd say the other half, just overall, the FX, let's say the other half and just what I'd say we're seeing kind of outcomes on potential expiration, potential downtime for re-leasing. So nothing tremendously new, just maybe we're more cautious around looking at the same-store pool. Before I let you get to your second question, I would remind you and others on the call, the same-store pool is one piece of the puzzle just like our cash mark-to-markets. We do a tremendous amount of business that have new leasing tied to existing renewals. I think we've called out that on one of the slides in the deck that our mark-to-markets have actually been flat on a cash basis and positive on GAAP basis, about 1% to 3%. And the subset was customers did $50 million of GAAP with us. So on a relationship return versus same-store versus renewed capacity splicing, it's actually accretive to our cash flow and to our revenue.
William Stein: Next year, we're really finding our way through the major renewals this year. So we've talked about the big 15 sites strategic portfolio of customer that was not a CSP. We are just at the very beginning of the second quarter executed with a top CSP, a long-term legacy digital customer for about 250,000 square feet, 20-plus megawatts at a pretty attractive renewal, call it, 5 years in term. And I'd say that one is kind of through now. And I'd say other than 1 legacy renewal from a company we've acquired 12 years ago, we're really getting to, I think, finer waters here in terms of these renewal headwinds. And I think we'll talk a lot less about them in 2020 and certainly 2021.
William Stein: Jon, we did not expect Brookfield to close 90 days into the first quarter. We thought that transaction was going to close very early in the year. It's not prior to the end of the year, quite honestly. And now we didn't expect that in the guidance, but we're planning for that in structuring of our deal with Brookfield and part of our transaction with Brookfield in exchange for us to assure them a 49% share of the incentive business. As they've navigated their regulatory and legal approvals, they were to compensate us for fronting their capital for what ended up being called just over 90 days. So that was not contemplated and we did not contemplate the change in U.K. tax -- corporate tax rates in our guidance.
William Stein: Thanks, Richard. So I don't think this is a zero-sum game between dividend growth investing the platform for future top line growth. Really the dividend growth is predicated on really the growth in the taxable income as a REIT and ultimately our cash flows. We're now, call it, a 70% AFFO P/E ratio. That's on the heels of our dividend increase of just under 7% last quarter. And as to CF figure, I think you'd see the cash flows grow onto '19 and beyond. I think you'll see the dividend kind of move -- waxed up. Always what I'd say, I'll lean towards not overdistributing and maintaining a good portion of our capital in order to prevent the lines on external markets for funding our developmental growth opportunities. At the same time, we are certainly investing and focusing on accelerating our growth. I think that's a few points across the board. It's, obviously, I think, top of mind for our new Global Head of Sales and Marketing, Corey Dyer. We've made some changes to kind of accelerate the growth and to kind of further emphasize our focus on the enterprise customer seeking colocation and interconnection on a global platform. But again, I don't think this is one thing or another. These are both missions that I think we can deliver simultaneously.
William Stein: Thank you, Andrea. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the first quarter as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. First, we further expanded our global platform, closing the Ascenty joint venture with Brookfield, securing strategic landholdings in key global metros and announcing our entry into Chile in support of our strategic customers' global growth aspirations. Second, we also underscored our commitment to delivering sustainable growth for all stakeholders with efficient and socially responsible capital raises, renewable energy contracts and corporate governance enhancements. Third, we raised the dividend by 7%, the 14th consecutive year we've raised the dividend, dating all the way back to our inception in 2004. Last but not least, we further strengthened our balance sheet with redemption of high coupon debt and preferred equity and the opportunistic issuance of $1.6 billion of long-term capital. As I do every quarter, I'd like to conclude today by saying thank you to the entire Digital Realty family, whose hard work and dedication is directly responsible for this consistent execution. Thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in June.
