Scott E. Peterson: Thank you, Bill. As mentioned in the last quarter, the investment team is undertaking a wholesale analysis of every single property in our portfolio. This analysis is well underway and should be complete later this year. The first phase of the project targeted a group of high priority properties consisting primarily of non-core assets, data center properties in non-core markets, underperformers and at-risk properties. As a result of this analysis, we expect to prune the bottom 5% to 10% of our portfolio in order to refine our strategic focus, fund future capital requirements and improve return on invested capital. As Bill mentioned, we plan to start bringing these properties to market after Labor Day. During the second quarter, we closed on the previously announced sale of a small single tenant building to the user for approximately $42 million, generating a gain on sale of approximately $16 million and realizing a levered IRR in the low teens. While the cap rate was at the high end of our expected disposition range, it is not a very relevant metric in this instance as there are only 18 months left on the lease term. We did explore several options for the property and determined we could generate a better return on our capital elsewhere. I’d now like to turn the call over to Matt Miszewski to discuss our recent leasing activity.
Scott E. Peterson: At this point the BOEs when we proven the non-core markets that will be throughout right sale. The joint venture would be in core markets really want to retain an interest and retain management of the asset. And each joint venture – this joint venture is being structured in the similar way to the prudential joint venture with retained 20% interest as management and property management fees as well as promote on cash flow in back end.
Scott E. Peterson: Yes. I apologies for the wide range as you can imagine it's kind of tough to try to ballpark that it's a little early in the process to nail it down. But I think it's reasonable to expect that the average cap rates for the dispositions will be below our employee portfolio cap rate. Is that helps.Jonathan Petersen – MLV & Co: Okay. All right, that’s fair. And then go ahead.
Scott E. Peterson: We’ll be generating a liquidity through asset sales as well as the joint venture we talked about, which will not only – it’ll pay down debt as well as keep leverage in line.
Scott E. Peterson: Hey, Michael. let me follow up though, the zero to 400 million are assets that will be sold this year that does not represent 5% to 10% of the portfolio that is slated per sale, that’s just – that sequencing and timing, that’s what would be sold this year.Michael Jason Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Right. So what I’m trying to get a picture of is, how I assume you’re going to continue this program to next year, as you said, you want to sell 5% to 10%. how big of a disposition plan to envision happening over the next 12 months to 18 months? We will be talking that 1.5 billion of assets – 2 billion of assets.
A. William Stein: So London is very strong for us Vance, in fact we’re in the process of running out of inventory there. We’re bringing a project online in Dublin and we would expect the demand there to come mostly from this side of the pond. We have very little inventory in Paris I think less than half a plot and we’re considering Amsterdam, but we’re not going to – we have a site in Amsterdam, a land site but we won’t be building there unless we have a pre-lease situation. Asia-Pac is also a very strong; Singapore, we could be out of inventory in Singapore by the end of next quarter. And I think in Hong Kong it’s a good possibility we’ll be out at the end of this year. So we’re looking for additional sites both in Singapore and Hong Kong and leasing in Australia has been steady both in Melbourne and Sydney.
A. William Stein: Tayo, that was one long-term deal in the quarter that drove an external commission that was quite substantially. So the leasing costs were based on that land commission, not TIs. And we don’t see this as a trend. I think importantly, we’re still seeing ROICs including TIs and LCs hitting our target range of 10% to 12%. And the comp plan that we put in place at the beginning of the year as we think is proving these leasing economics.
A. William Stein: I don’t know that I have that data immediately in front of me, but I’d be happy to provide that right after the call.
A. William Stein: Ross, we are happy to. I mean as I said on the last call the board, our board is comfortable with the leadership that’s in place. I think that comfort has been validated by what I would say has improved employee, customer and investor confidence both on the equity side and the fixed income side. I think it’s interesting to note that since the change in leadership we’ve recovered almost $2 billion of market cap for our shareholders. So the board continues to be focused on sourcing the right candidate for the job, but nevertheless the timing is still expected to be this year and meanwhile this team is focused on executing the strategic vision, which we played out to be optimizing the return on portfolio recycling capital and unleashing the intellectual capital of the firm.
A. William Stein: Yes, I mean it’s obviously that’s just one quarter comparison. I think that’s why we also stated with the year-to-date growth was which is clearly in the middle of where we’re guiding and right now we are comfortable that with the year-to-date it reflects clearly accurately where we expect to be coming end of the year.
A. William Stein: There are two goals, Steve. The first is I think it’s prudent for any company to diversify its capital sources. And so we clearly have access to public and private debt and access to public common debt and preferred this we believe will give us access to reliable source of private capital. In addition, we expect this will provide some transparency on private market valuations from a sophisticated investor for our Turn-Key product. And we think that’s important as well particularly for the any devaluation of the analyst community and our investors.Steve T. Sakwa – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC:  But I guess from a market perspective where you looking to kind of proven in the Northern Virginia, Silicon Valley, Chicago are you looking the kind of sell maybe in the Boston, and in the St. Louis where you have one, two assets and maybe those markets on quite a score.
A. William Stein: John I’m not sure that I’d say there is a delay, we’ve taken out multiple counter parties, we have identified one counter party, terms have been negotiated, and now that you have the process of sourcing debt as well and all the conditions that are associated with the debt arrangement. So I think we’re making good progress and I think perhaps there was a bit of delay earlier in the year, as we were looking at generating capital from asset sales. But now, we’ve more or less side the asset sale program and have a sense for the sequence there. And we have a view as to how the joint venture would fit into that program.
A. William Stein: I’m sure Jordan, well first of all we are constricting our supply and we see supply constricting from others as well. And demand is remained strong impact that might even be stronger than it was six to twelve months ago. So based on that I think, we think market rates will inflect. And then within our own portfolio we’re seeing a positive cash market-to-market in 2015. Well I think it’s important to note here, but there is definite difference between product offerings Matt mentioned that in his prepared remarks. And by that I’m referring to share versus dedicated and we are seeing significant demand for our dedicated to end product and what would call national markets as well as the other markets while we have finished inventory. And that really lead to start conclusion that fundamentals are improving at least for our product.
A. William Stein: And let me Jordan, I mean while the stock has done well, we still think it’s trading on a discount NAV. and we also are looking at significant what we think is a significant growth in NAV due to improving fundamentals, inventory absorption and that’s a value accretion through our development program. So we don’t think it makes sense to sell equity at this level.
A. William Stein: Yes, sure. I think the first part of the question. I kind of lost track here for a minute there, but we planned to initiate the program after Labor Day. So obviously, assets will bring it out. from that point, we’re not going to hit the market with every asset that we intend to – that we have slated for dispositions at that point. And then I think the question was about the size…Michael Jason Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: You said 5% to 10%, which to me like greater than zero to 400 million. So I didn’t know whether the basket of assets is identified to eventually look what it was in excess of 400 million.
A. William Stein: Yes. So the basket of the high priority assets is in excess of that, and we’re still finalizing which ones that we’re actually going to be taken the market right after Labor Day. 
A. William Stein: Yes. That’s pretty close and that’s probably over the course of the next eight or nine months.Michael Jason Bilerman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay, thank you.
A. William Stein: Steve, that might vary market by market though. So Northern Virginia is pretty brisk at this point and Dallas is brisk, Richardson. As Matt said, we can keep the inventory on the shelf. We built the shelf. we finished the data center and it will be fully leased within 12 months.
Matt Miszewski: Vance, this is Matt Miszewski and given my political background apparently I get to answer the geopolitical risk questions. I don’t see any impact to us on the geopolitical conflicts in the Middle East, or in Central, and Eastern Europe. It is important though to understand that privacy concerns of the European Union and the non-Union countries that are inside Europe does have a bit of an impact on operations of datacenters through continental Europe as well as the islands. That actually ends up being a demand driver for some of our key customers including some very large cloud providers who are taking a deployment strategy to eliminate the data sovereignty risk that other providers have. So we’re happy to see folks adjust for data sovereignty requirements within EMEA. As Bill said, we see the Asia demand on the demand side extremely strong and we don’t see any geopolitical risk throughout our Asia-Pac portfolio.
Matt Miszewski: Happy to Rob, your first question is about the solution based sales approach and we continue to see this evolve in the best of possible situations where we are getting closer to our customers and really starting to approach the customer base from their point of view as opposed to from our point of view. We did need to make some fundamental adjustments to the sales force including the compensation plan adjustments that we made this past year before we went after the more advanced selling process in terms of solution selling, but now we see solution architecture as part of what we do inside the sales force as well as inside the small marketing team that I have on my team. If you think about the basics of this instead of us simply providing fantastic technical solutions for customers that we create here in San Francisco or in London or in Singapore, now we do this in partnership with our customers by sitting down with them talking to them about what their needs are and then making sure that our products and our solutions sit and meet their needs. One of the things we found out when we started this solution based process was that we did need things like the global cloud marketplace. And so the conversation that we are having with our customers are leading us to do things that make them more sticky inside all of our properties. The global cloud marketplace is one of this; the global network ecosystem is another one. And this has been successful we started as you know we started in Europe; we finished the North America rollout and the Asia Pacific rollout is scheduled to be completed by the end of the year. When we finish that rollout, our network ecosystem will feature connectivity to over 1,000 available networks across the world. The last piece I will talk about in terms of this solution approach is our Open-IX initiative, not our Open-IX initiative, but the communities Open-IX initiative, is really starting to take off. We’ve of course landed at the Amsterdam internet exchange inside our New York – one of our New York facilities as well as landed them into one of our Western Coast facilities and we are talking to four more providers right now. As you can see as we’ve taken this approach and we’ve led this approach in terms of solution based selling, you can start to see the data center industry itself start to transform from storage to a more affordable way for our customers to exchange data, which is truly the value that they see inside data centers today.
Matt Miszewski: Yes. So when we announced the global cloud marketplace in June, we announced it early and we’re in the early innings of the consideration of the GCM, what we’ve also noticed is that there is an awful lot, we’re learning more than we thought we would learn initially. And that learning is that there is an awful lot of demand for global cloud marketplace that we didn’t anticipate. So we’re starting to see not just cloud marketplace that we’ve launched, but individual cloud marketplaces that are starting to come up in the conversation that we have with both our partners, as well as our customers. So I think the take rate question is a little bit too soon right now. We’ve just operationally launched the facility and we’re filling it up with partners today. and once we start to see, I mean we start to actively market that solution, I think you’re going to start to see the uptake increase. And so we should be able to give some updates on that on next call.
Matt Miszewski: Yes, this is Matt. We actually showed in terms of rent what we expect to expire over the balance of the year. It's on the NOI, NOI step up chart as part of the presentation is a $5 million that's included so of what expire we expect about $5 million and annual base rent not to renew as of today.Ross Nussbaum – UBS Securities LLC: Okay, that’s helpful. And then Bill, can you give us an update on where things stand with the CEO search overall in the timing thereof? Thanks.
Matt Miszewski: Yes, the G&A numbers do have baked into them, the entire mid market sales additions, so we’ve completed that process from a mid market perspectives, across G&A in total we do anticipate that we’ll see a mild increase this year that also important to remember that this is already baked into guidance. And I would like to point out as the head of sales and marketing that additional cost in my area always result in higher revenue. So we continue to see great steady progress on our strategic plan.John Bejjani – Green Street Advisors, Inc.: Great, thanks and just one quick follow-up on the Turn-Key JV, you guys have been talking about this for a better part of the year at this points, is there anything you can show on the status there and what’s the delay, let’s call delay at this point.
Matt Miszewski: Yes, sure. This is Matt. Over the balance of this year, our thinking is we’ll effectively repay most of the secured debt that's maturing through our revolver. We do have in our guidance and additional capital raise and additional U.S. bond late in the year that you can say effectively would be part of that refinancing. And then in terms of next year, we are still putting together our capital plan, but I would think we given our rates are today in terms of the large the first bond maturing we have mid-next year that we should be able to refinance that on the longer-term at effectively the same cost. So basically take out of five-year paper with ten-year money. So we feel very confident about our ability to fund the business through 2015 at this point.
Matt Miszewski: And Jordan as you think about the shared back claim versus the dedicated infrastructure. You do not have to search long for approved points, right, largely reported over supply in Northern Virginia but I can't keep the two and dedicated solution that we have there on the shelf same situation in Dallas. So you don’t need to search long and hard to find the approved points that dedicated offering that we have is different and therefore that supply is constricted.Jordan Sadler – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.:  Okay, and then just maybe as a follow-up given sort of the increase in the development spending guidance surrounding sort of this optimism around demand of fundamentals and the significant recovery in the share price that we talked about. How do you feel about raising equity here given sort of where you are in the leverage spectrum positioning the balance sheet for 2015.
Matt Miszewski: Yes, this is Matt, Jordan I think we said in our prepared remarks with some of the capital recycling initiatives that we have in our way. We don’t currently have any plans to sell equity, we've got a plan for the year that fully funds all of the capital needs that we have keep it inline with the covenants and relevant leverage ratio’s that we like to operate within particular in light of our upward revised stability outlook from S&P. So as of today, we don’t have any plans in guidance to issue any equity.
Matt Miszewski: Yes. Tayo, this is Matt. There’s a couple of things, I mean some of the – some of that was as we expected in sort of including guidances, as part of our guidance we gave on margin, some of that is seasonal initiatives for preventative maintenance, to mainly just as a matter of timing. and additionally, as we’ve been rolling out some of the data center services and the ecosystem features that’s what’s driving some of that increase, which again, is all baked into the guidance that we provided. and we expect to be within the margins that we laid out as part of that guidance come in the end of the year.Tayo T. Okusanya – Jefferies LLC: Okay, all right. 
Matt Miszewski: Yes. great question, Steve, I do think that the number is shrinking and what I’m looking for in the data is a pattern I can sort of solidify myself to give you some guidance as to what I think the new number is. There’s a number of things that go into that equation, the gap from signing to deployment is certainly one of those pieces, but the other correction that we made in the sales process helps to speed some of that up as well. So I would anticipate that we would be able to get to a more crisp number, as to what it takes for us to get fully stabilize on a building over the next few quarters. but it is improving, if I can give you a trend guidance, it’s certainly improving.
Matt Miszewski: And Steve, with the focus of new discipline that we have here you can expect that our focus will remain on increasing that ROIC by leasing existing inventory, but also leasing into the markets that are similarly hot that Bill just described. So you should see, like I said, I think you should see market-to-market differentiation, but you should see a constriction of that time to stabilization.Steve T. Sakwa – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC:  Okay, thank you.
Matt Miszewski: There are gross proceeds. I think maybe, in this probably net of sales expenses on that, but pretty close.Emmanuel Korchman – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Got it. thank you.
