Michael F. Foust: Well, if I understand what you're asking about, telecom network providers, colocation, managed services providers, financial services companies, it's a pretty wide range of -- and financial services trading, securities trading, commodity trading, it's a pretty wide range of users that are attracted to the network density and the Internet gateways, so...
Michael F. Foust: Oh, those aren't Internet gateway customers for us. Those customers are more standalone and oftentimes in some multi-tenants, but more often in single-tenant facilities. And as has always been the case, those -- I tend to call them Internet enterprise customers, your Microsofts, Googles, Facebooks, they always have and always will rely mostly on their own owned facilities. And that's a trend that hasn't changed in the 7 years we've been public. So it's a good category for us. It's about 10% of our revenues, which has been a pretty stable percentage over the years. But we don't see any change there in our portfolio experience. And we think it will continue to -- that group will continue to be around 10% of our revenues.
Michael F. Foust: Well, we haven't seen much development actually of built-out space in Dallas. So we see a lot more demand than we see supply of built-out space. So by acquiring the minority ownership from our partner, it gives us a lot more operating flexibility to accelerate our building of that site. I mean, we've got 68 acres and over 750,000 feet of structures on the site. In addition, we have pads for build-to-suit. We have a potential for 90 megawatts. So we think this is a great long term -- we've got our Dallas portfolio demand set and supplies set for the next several years there. So it worked out well for us, it worked out well for our partner, because we see a real lack of built-out space in that Dallas market.
Michael F. Foust: Yes. I mean, there's a limited number of properties that are of the quality and tenant-quality -- if you're talking about income-producing properties that are more stabilized.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, yes. So there's just -- it's a relatively small universe, though, as I mentioned, we're tracking and engaging on about $200 million and $300 million of income properties today. And in addition, we're seeing a lot more activity on the build-to-suits. And for us, that's a really interesting way that we can effectively make income-producing investments, utilizing our acquisition and development capability. And we think that's going to bear some really interesting fruit for us going forward. And we're engaged on about $300 million of build-to-suit opportunities right now that we've got under consideration.
Michael F. Foust: It's mostly -- for the income properties and build-to-suits right now, it's mostly domestic. Though internationally, there's always a couple of portfolios that are out there that may or may not be opportunities that we continue to monitor. But that's not part of that $200 million, $300 million.
Michael F. Foust: Sure, yes. If you look kind of quarter-to-quarter, pricing has maintained very stable overall and at good levels, good strong returns, as I mentioned. So we're very satisfied with them, and I think because of the quality of our product and our ability to perform, were able to sometimes achieve somewhat of a premium in the marketplace. Lease lengths tend to be, for the data center space, we are averaging over 8 years lease terms, and I think that's been pretty steady, 7 years to 8 years, for our kind of average, weighted average lease terms. So that seems to be very consistent. We expect build-to-suits will be probably more in the 10 years to 15 years range. And so as those start to execute, we'll be lengthening those a little bit.
Michael F. Foust: Well, I wouldn't say extended. Most leases -- customers usually have a couple of months of ramp-up. And it will vary from tenant-to-tenant, lease-to-lease. And sometimes, there might be a ramp-up based on our delivery of a space as well, where lease commencements will be upon completing different phases of Turn-Key space.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. Our initial sense is it's not going to have very much of an effect at all, positive or negative. I think it's more likely to be a positive effect because if the government is going to consolidate, then there could be a need to consolidate -- as we see in the corporate world, you need new facilities into which to consolidate. From looking at the preliminarily list -- I mean, they made this announcement about a year ago as well. It's kind of the second time around for this announcement. And from some of the additional comments that have been made, it sounds like a lot of these data centers are very small. 2,000, 3,000 feet embedded in office buildings or other facilities that aren't acquisition opportunities, and they aren't additional demand or additional supply, I should say, putting in place in the market. So it remains to be seen as GSA and DOD and NSA and some of these other department start kind of bringing out these facilities. Some of them -- I would guess that the great majority will never see the light of day to the broader market, because they're embedded in already operating facilities.
Michael F. Foust: Oh gosh. Oh let me think. I know it's probably close to 100,000 feet roughly. And let's see, it's probably between 10 megawatts, 11 megawatts.
Michael F. Foust: Where we've lost business lately, it's really been for a lack of supply in our part, rather than pricing.
Michael F. Foust: There have been a couple that have dropped either into low 7s cap rates or mid-7s cap rates. And then we've got -- our capital allocation model, it's more fruitful not to dip that low. But I think we'll see a number of opportunities that are kind of more in the 8s or 9s, depending on tenant mix and location and build-out. But yes, for us, on a couple of these deals, when they dip that low, it's better for us to maintain our discipline.
Michael F. Foust: Private REITs primarily, looking for return, looking for cash flow or even at prices that we might consider 2x replacement costs. We've seen a couple deals in Texas markets like that.
Michael F. Foust: Oh, It's going to vary widely from project-to-project. And I think in the particular case that Bill was referring to, a lot of our cost were upfront, so the revenues coming in will be largely cash flow to us, because our costs were incurred upfront. But it's going to vary so widely by project-by-project and geography-to-geography. I would hesitate to try to give you a rule of thumb on that.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, there are -- the near term initiative is the state of New South Wales, and they've extended their decision-making timeframe by about another 6 months. We're hoping that they'll make a decision sooner than that. We are one of 2 finalists for that requirement. That would be in Sydney and then on a university campus north of Sydney. So we are hopeful, but we're not counting on it. So we're moving ahead with the first phase of the Erskine Park project regardless and planning on that to be multi-tenant, the first phase, if we're not successful on the government. Though if we are, then we'll start the second phase straightaway to meet the multi-tenant demand that we are seeing in the market.
Michael F. Foust: We would be -- it would take the entire phase-in over the entire 100,000-foot first phase. And then a smaller requirement on the university campus north of there.
Michael F. Foust: That's a really good question. We haven't published that information yet, and we probably will not kind of put that out there until later this year. No, probably with the third quarter call. But I would say -- my sense is that it's probably going to be at fairly similar, the same level of construction delivery as we're seeing this year.
Michael F. Foust: I'd rather not talk about that at this point, because we're in various stages of discussions. But I would say, a typical deal would be in the $50 million range.
Michael F. Foust: I tend to think of the build-to-suits and the income investments as kind of part of one category. Because we're -- it's not the spec development that our  construction program, development program is focused on. And if you look at combination, we've got $500 million to $600 million of offered active opportunities, combining the build-to-suits and the income properties. And then we'll complete about $550 million of construction this year we're planning in that range. That's more our spec development, ground-up, as well as redeveloping from our redevelopment inventory. So as I tend to -- I put the build-to-suits, because they income-producing upon completion, in a similar category as the income producing properties. And the returns are similar as well.
Michael F. Foust: No, no. Not at all. Because on our more kind of spec development, that $500 million, $550 million of construction. That's really delivering product where we're seeing demand in these various markets that we're active in.
Michael F. Foust: You could say that. I mean, we're confident on the market, we're confident on the demand. There's certainly a lot of products come online, over the last quarter even, that had been under construction obviously for the past year. And we have been more cautious about bringing on a lot of Turn-Key space. In retrospect, we probably should have been more aggressive. And we'll maintain a reasonable pace of deliveries, because we are seeing demand grow. What's interesting about Silicon Valley is that new demand comes out of nowhere. And you'll see very large requirements from a lot of the technology companies, social networking, software services providers, and their businesses are growing so quickly that, that demand builds pretty rapidly in that market. So we think, while there's a lot of supply, it will get absorbed in an orderly fashion.
Michael F. Foust: Yes. As you know, now that Savvis is part of CTL, as we've seen in the press, the Savvis organization and management team is taking the lead for the data center business in CTL broadly. A lot of that was historically from the Qwest side, and Qwest has always been a very large top 5 customer of ours as well. So we continue to be actively engaged with the Savvis management team. They're a great customer of ours. And we're exploring different ways that we can continue to help them to grow. Because they certainly have a very strong growth plan for their portfolio. So I'm confident we'll continue to be -- see us doing more business with the Savvis team.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, both for the more CBD, as well as some suburban sites. We're virtually -- I don't know, we might be 100% full or 350 Sirmac [ph] at this point. We do have some space at Printer's Square on Federal Street that's more network-oriented type space. So we're definitely looking at new opportunities to expand in Chicago.
Michael F. Foust: Certainly. We're seeing good opportunities in Asia and in Western Europe as well in the markets in which we've been active. So I think, you'll -- I'm confident you'll see more capital allocation in Asia-Pac, certainly because it's a new region for us. And the Singapore project is going extremely well, and we're confident on Sydney and Melbourne, and we're working hard to try to acquire our first opportunity in Hong Kong. So you'll definitely see us allocate more capital internationally on a dollar amount. As a percentage, it's hard to tell right now, because we've got so much great opportunity, development opportunity here in the States with a lot of different markets, Silicon Valley, Phoenix, Northern Virginia, northern New Jersey, Boston, if we find new opportunities in Chicago. So there's just a lot of markets here in the U.S. that are going to continue to keep us busy, but you'll certainly see a greater dollar amount invested in both Asia and Europe.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. I mean, we like both Sydney and Melbourne because they are such major hubs of commerce, finance, technology. And that's where -- that's kind of our first priority when we're look at new markets or deploying capital in existing markets. Is there a lot of commercial activity and growth, and we're certainly seeing them in both of those markets. And what's interesting is that there's very little built-out space available. So for these new requirements that we're pursuing, space has to be built. There's literally no existing space for larger enterprise deployments. There's colocation space for smaller footprint deployments, but there's really existing today very little built-out space. So we see it as a really ripe opportunity for us. I think we'll see returns on our speculative builds, similar to what we're seeing in our North American markets, though lease rates and costs, development costs, are certainly higher in the Australian markets.
Michael F. Foust: Yes and no, to the first part and the second part. In terms of international customers, especially existing customers, U.S. multinationals, a lot of our demand in Singapore come from existing relationships and relationships that we have with customers in Silicon Valley and across the U.S. and a lot of existing customers. So that's almost half, probably, of our potential demand for Singapore, are existing customers of ours who are looking to expand, or companies with whom we have banking relationships. Singapore is a very interesting market because it is a hub of international commerce overall. Everything from shipping to finance. So it's a natural for us. And we don't feel any inhibitions or a bit that we're at a disadvantage at all by being an international firm in that market. And I think we have a great presentation and a great reception from international companies and in companies that are domicile in the region. Similarly -- well, actually, Sydney and Melbourne, or the Australian markets in general are different because those markets really are the -- a large amount of domestic, Australia domestic activity. And our reception there has been extremely positive. And we have a very good and, I think, well-deserved reputation internationally because of our platform, our ability to deliver high-end enterprise solutions. And frankly, our financial stability and strength is really what -- pretty widely recognized especially in Asia-Pac. I think at this point, we've come up against our hour time limit. So we're -- we appreciate everyone's focus and good questions today and focus on DLR. And I want to thank our team for continuing to perform in a very extraordinary way. And we're very, very positive about what we see ahead for our data center markets. Thank you very much.
