Bill Stein: Well, Corey will start off. Jon, thanks for the question on the ad product demand. I'll pick up hyperscale and I think Bill will tackle the second part of your question.
Bill Stein: Relative to pricing, Jon, pricing dynamics are clearly market specific and will depend on both supply and demand in each market. So when demand exceeds supply, we've been able to raise our prices. And this is reflected in our results. So for example, if you look at our first quarter leasing results in Northern Virginia, our average prices were about 6% higher than just last quarter in the fourth quarter. That market is increasingly tightening. We're also fortunate to be in a position where we're well insulated from the increased costs on our current development pipeline and that's because of our contracts with suppliers and our vendor managed inventory program. So -- and this has obviously helped us not just in terms of cost but to assure that we do have the supply to continue around the world.
Bill Stein: Thank you, Matt. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the first quarter as outlined here on the last page of our presentation. Our value proposition is clearly resonating with customers. We posted our second straight record bookings quarter with $167 million of annualized rent while attracting 128 new logos. Our sales momentum is exceedingly strong and the benefits of Platform Digital continue to grow. Digital Realty's operational excellence is second to none and customers are relying on us to solve their needs for data center solutions today while providing a clear path for their expanded needs tomorrow. Our customers trust us with their mission-critical application and digital delivers. We're continuing to extend our global platform. In early January, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire a majority stake in Teraco to establish Digital Realty as the leading colocation and interconnection provider in Africa by positioning ourselves at key points of interconnection and subsea cable landing locations. We are also expanding organically with over 300 megawatts of new capacity under development. We posted strong core FFO per share results exceeding consensus estimates despite foreign exchange and other headwinds against us. We maintained our core FFO per share guidance for the year and our constant currency core FFO per share forecast represents more than 7% year-over-year growth. Last but not least, we remain very adept at sourcing attractive capital, raising over $1 billion of European debt at a blended 1.3% coupon and weighted average term of 9 years while redeeming higher cost U.S. dollar-denominated debt during the quarter. I'd like to once again thank the Digital Realty frontline team members in critical data center facility roles who have kept the digital world turning. I hope you all are safe and healthy and we hope to see many of you again in NAREIT and other in-person events. Thank you.
Corey Dyer: Yes. So we'll be pretty comprehensive here with our answer to you, Jonathan. Thanks for the question. I would tell you that with regard to the enterprise demand, we've got customers that are just being driven to the business needs and opportunities that are in front of us. Bill mentioned earlier we just published our Global Data Insights survey with data becoming a critical agenda topic for all the businesses and it raised really 5 key things. Data was pervasive, it's the business agenda, it requires aggregation and control and it's localizing and it's a data first strategy's win. And so we're seeing that is really what's driving a lot of the demand across the enterprise. As far as where is it happening from a regional perspective, if you even want to do a baseball analogy, sometimes you guys ask, I'd say North America is probably middle innings with a healthy bullpen that you ought to have in it. And then, I'd tell you that EMEA is probably third inning, maybe anything behind APAC, a little behind that as customers are still really waking to the data opportunity that's right above all of us and it was really highlighted in the index that we just did in that survey. I'd also tell you that we had really strong exports across all regions which was great. And then we're seeing an uptick in all the multi-market and multi-region wins. So really happy with the enterprise. I'll let Andy give you a little bit of perspective on the hyperscalers.
Corey Dyer: Matt, this is Corey. I'll take the first 2 questions, I think, that you had, one being around the supply chain impacts and then also the hyperscale demand. I'll take them in that order, if that helps you out. And as Andy mentioned kind of at the beginning of the commentary, our sales and marketing engine just continues to build up our demand and our pipeline growth, right? And I would tell you that the supply chain, inflation, energy costs has not really been a factor in that. Our customers really are thinking through what they do and how they source those materials so that they're setting up their commencement dates ahead of it with us. So they're just being really thoughtful about it and thinking through these concerns. And what I think it's done is actually had us create better dialogue with our customers to think through how we're going to solve this and create probably a little bit more demand for us as they think through it but it hasn't negatively impacted it at all. As far as the hyperscale demand, we're really still experiencing really strong demand from the hyperscalers across all regions, right? They work with us to help their speed to market. We're with them increasingly around their business impairs around this data opportunity the CSPs are helping all the enterprises with. We're seeing larger deal sizes at CSPs as they work to keep up with demand. So we have a really healthy pipeline for the remainder of the year. And I'd also say there's probably a dozen or so of these CSPs and more of them emerging in Asia and across the board. It's also helping us increase our demand on our pipeline for it. So really happy with both of those and where we're seeing the trajectory.
Corey Dyer: Yes. And so we've been able to hire. And we've -- I think when you look at salespeople and they think about where they're going to come and can we hire them, they look at where are you going to have the most prospects going forward. And the differentiated value that we have with our global platform -- and I would tell you that we're really kind of pulling away from the competition. There's probably 2 of us out there. So, if you're in the data center business or if you're in the internet -- networking business and you want to be successful as a salesperson, this is a great place to be, right? Team's making more money. We're being successful. And I think they look forward in that kind of standpoint. Sorry, I didn't understand the rest of the question but that's about where we are on it and really happy with it. Thanks.
Andy Power: Thanks again, Jon. The -- I mean I think we've now had a several -- I think in the prepared remarks, 7 or 8 quarters north of $100 million of gap which speaks to consistent demand in the hyperscale being a major component of that. You had a record, call it -- in the fourth quarter, you had another record and these records, I'll call it, demonstrably higher than the prior, call it, $100 million averages. If your question about the self-build versus procuring through Digital Realty or other providers, I don't think the pendulum has swung to a point where the cell builds off the table. But I would think in times like today, when there's increased volatility, supply chain issues, a war in Eastern Europe, having a global platform to support hyperscaler growth across now 50 metropolitan areas in 26 countries, it's a tremendous value-add to our hyperscale customers. And I think their demand has been consistent for the last several quarters, with some peaks along the way and we see the forecast remaining quite strong as well.
Andy Power: Sure. we'll give you an extra question here. So that customer from a current -- on receivables, they had a very modest amount of called pre-petition outstanding receivables. They were regularly current paying customer, not a late paying customer and they're fairly pretty well up to date, a couple of million, I would say and really concentrated in the U.K. was outstanding when they entered bankruptcy. Obviously, they're going to go through a process under U.K. administration, in the U.S. and also Canada. That will play out over several months. The -- I think if you take a step back, really what -- I think what's more relevant is that customer obviously got, call it, sideswiped by 2 particular issues. One, obviously, a part of their business what's not common in our customer base was disaster recovery for office which has obviously got impacted by the Zoom-ification during the pandemic; and then secondly, the elevated power prices, especially in Europe at incremental liquidity constraints. I don't see that as a really recurring theme in our customer base, especially the first piece of what I described. And this customer is going to obviously work through with this bankruptcy process. And I think we've been taking active steps not just related to this customer but in general, to continue to streamline and focus our portfolio on core assets that we have -- we see robust and long-term demand, multicustomer facilities, less single stand-alone facilities. And quite frankly, why we entered the colocation interconnection business several years ago was not only was the growth to our business but also to be prepared in the event that some of our colocation resellers ran into financial times and we had to step in and support their end customers only in the event that leases are rejected, obviously.
Andy Power: Thanks, Michael. So let me try -- there's a couple of numbers questions in there. So let me start and try to get through some of those and then also hand off on the leasing question a little bit to Corey as well. So in reverse, in our earnings deck, we tried to provide both as reported and constant currency. And we also tried to show adjustments for apples and oranges in comparisons on a year-over-year basis. So you could see that the second set of bars on that chart has had our as reported same-store cash NOI down negative 3% which was in line with our guidance. On a constant currency basis, it's down 90 basis points. And the hit I just called out in terms of the bankruptcy customer, call it, $4 million, $5 million or whatever, that was -- I think it's about 60 -- almost 70 basis points of that negative 90. Those are all on an NOI basis. I apologize I don't have the revenue equivalent off the top of my head. That same pool is also getting impacted by a year-over-year elevated property taxes which we previously mentioned. And more importantly, we're re-leasing vacated capacity which I think dovetails with your first question. We've made a concerted effort to focus more and more of our leasing wherever possible and to already build infrastructure given the high flow-through of contribution of that revenue into that capacity and having an installed base that wants to expand with adjacency or grow in our campuses is always a little bit easier than going out and landing a new customer. In terms of the leasing into that capacity, if you basically just take the signed already in this quarter or last quarter or 2 that has not commenced to hit our occupancy and that would bring our same-store occupancy up about 80 basis points by itself, i.e., the leases are signed, they're just literally waiting for the customers to move in throughout the year. That obviously is going to flow through into our '22 results in a partial year period and then a full year period in '23. We are -- as I mentioned, we're very focused on re-leasing that vacant capacity. We're incentivizing wherever possible. And quite honestly, some of the supply-demand dynamics that are playing out industry-wide in addition to execution against our platform are really lending itself to fill that up at a more accelerated pace. I think we did about 20-plus megawatts into that type of vacated capacity, i.e., they weren't the first customer in that suite in the first quarter of this year. And that is a rapidly accelerated pace relative to, call it, prior year velocity.
Andy Power: And then, Matt, on your second question, I mean we just reported the first 1 quarter of 2022. So obviously, not prepared to put 2023 guidance out just yet. But obviously -- but you can see on a constant currency basis, we're now north of 7% on the bottom line core FFO per share that extraordinary FX headwinds this year, if you look back the last several years, you had, call it, currency fluctuations in the, call it, 2 to 5 or so percent. And this year, the year, call it, soon to be like 9% delta. The headwinds -- or could be a tailwind, usually we're in the 50 to 75 basis points range. And now we're, call it, north of 200 basis points of headwinds. I think -- look, the goal from the beginning of the year as well as last year is to continue to accelerate bottom line's earnings growth. Last year, we came out of the gate with guidance of 4%. We ended up with 5%. This year, we came out with guidance of 5% which we are affirming in this call, despite these FX headwinds as well despite a customer bankruptcy. And our goal is to kind of again keep consistently putting up mid- to high single digits bottom line growth.
Andy Power: Thanks, Simon. So first and foremost, better to be lucky than smart. We are out of the gates with a sizable EUR 750 million bond literally the first, I think, business day of 2022 and priced 10.5-year paper in the 1-plus percent, call it, category. So pleased with that. Followed that up with even more volatile start of the year, a Swiss bond offering which, again, both of those, I think, diversifying our source of capital, increasing our FX hedge, locking in long-duration debt at attractive cost of capital. We also increased our revolving credit facility by an incremental $750-ish million during the quarter, just a full start of liquidity given the broader uncertainty in backdrop. We still have not drawn down or close to $1 billion equity forward just yet. We look to close on Teraco in the next couple of months or so, or actually probably a month or 2, I guess. And then back half of the year in terms of capital sources on the leverage side to again keep us in line in terms of our targeted net debt to EBITDA. We will obviously evaluate equity as an alternative but right now at these current levels, I think the continued disposition of noncore assets as well as incremental contributions of core assets from our portfolio to digital core REIT in the back half of the year are going to be our primary funding mechanisms. And we made some great progress, obviously getting Digital Realty through its first earnings season and also working on identifying that next leg of assets to continue to grow and diversify and strengthen Digital Realty.
Andy Power: Eric, I think -- I assume you're seeing large leases, large multiple megawatt leases. I mean -- I think the theme -- the growth in the sizing of customer requirements on the hyperscale front has been building for some time, not necessarily a completely overnight phenomenon. And I think you witnessed in the first quarter this year or the fourth quarter of last year, other quarters of last year and the year prior. I think you guys are seeing this continued cloud adoption broadly, continued opening of new regions, opening an offering of new services. And you're seeing this digital transformation wave in the cloud customers despite the volatility and the uncertainty of an economic backdrop or the war and the like leaning in and securing infrastructure to future-proof their runway for their end customers. So, it doesn't feel like the -- one record quarter after another is a little bit of an unusual outcome. But it doesn't feel like the pace of demand is really slowing on the hyperscale front. And I think what's also helped in that backdrop of this continuing steady demand, it's just become more challenging to be a provider. You have the inflationary pressures, you have supply chain challenges, you have labor challenges and you even have moratoriums in certain parts of the world see some demand. And I think going to the part of how do you get ahead of this is that you'd be in this business for the long run, with Digital Realty been in this business for almost 20 years. You build a scale and capital sources to support our customers through good times and bad. You make sure you have the runway to future-proof their growth. That's the acres and acres of often contiguous expansion capacity. You secure your supply chains so that you're on time and under budget, wherever possible and be that trusted infrastructure partner. I think those are the key ingredients to our recipe.
Andy Power: Thanks, Eric. I mean that is obviously a constantly evolving schedule where we're adding projects in terms of new starts and we're subtracting projects that are delivering and being commissioned for customers and opening at high levels of pre-leasing. It's a combination of offices or colocation product as well as our scale and hyperscale dedicated data halls. We're trying to always stay ahead of the game, focusing on the longest lead time parts of development. Obviously, land procurement, hence the acreage I mentioned previously, followed by shelves. And then Chris just touched on our, call it, overall infrastructure and build-outs. I don't -- I think when you look at the combination of our current stabilized portfolio that has availability that we're actively leasing into our shelves and their delivery schedules and as well as our land, I feel good. There's always a market or 2 that will be a little tighter than I would like but I feel I think probably more in terms of the hyperscale front that these larger deals, you're often engaging in contracting at very early stages of those projects. So you don't need to necessarily have a finished data hall in order to sell that capacity, hence having that land bank and shelves coming online are very good selling tools by themselves.
Andy Power: Yes. So we've obviously been working through this for some time. I would say, over the last several quarters, the -- call it, the mix was certainly helping us as we've kind of chopped through some of our largest customers, major expirations, as we got through more of the North America and more -- onto more international mix, having the less than a megawatt more highly connected destinations, legacy interaction, Westin, Telx, etcetera, being more -- a bigger piece of the puzzle. And last year, we came in a little bit better than we had guidance but albeit negative. This year, we guided to flat which is a year-over-year sequential improvement. And I think what you're seeing in this quarter are a few things. On the one hand, I'm not -- I wouldn't say that I can rule out that we'll never have a negative cash mark-to-market on any given product for the next several quarters. I don't think we're at that level of positive yet. But you saw positive across the board in the plus less than a megawatt categories. It was -- in the less than a megawatt which is the largest piece of it, it was up versus the LTM, about 130 basis points, cut north of 2.5% which is a pretty sizable move. And we've guided now for the full portfolio for 2022, slightly positive. So again, not -- I can't tell you we're fully done with never having a negative cash mark-to-market but the trend is certainly playing out which I would say is a combination of mix and also the broader pricing ratch up where the pendulum of pricing is swinging slightly more and more back to Digital Realty.
Andy Power: David, maybe help just clarify numbers. That was not a cash mark-to-market. That was the like-for-like new rates. So showing progress in the overall market rates and trying to do it as best we could as apples-to-apples in terms of size of deal, all the nuances that go into the deal. I was little -- just down in the market a week ago. And that market is overall experience incredibly robust and continuous demand. And we've done quite well, I can tell you, more than our fair share in that market not just in the last quarter but over several quarters. And that, combined with just overall constraints on bringing on capacity in that market, running up on ability to get power, permitting and the like, I think it's all going to continue to trend in a more positive territory or in terms of healthier rates in that market. If you look at our just one last data point on that, our operating portfolio in that market is, call it, 91 something in the sub but that's missing some leases that have signed but not commenced. If you include that, we're like 94% leased on the operating portfolio. And then I think I have 16 out of 86 megawatts left in terms of -- that's not leased that's under construction. We're basically down to, I think, 1 or 2 more buildings in the legacy 3 digital DFT and lab campus and are already moving on to our, call it, Western lands or digital Dulles location for our next layer of growth.
Andy Power: It feels to me like the lumpiness has subsided. I mean you looked at our quarterly leasing stats for several quarters. It's just been more diverse and more consistent. And based on the last few quarters of demand kind of combined with the broader supply backdrop dynamic, it doesn't feel like there's a -- I feels like the rates are going to be nowhere near peak rates yet. So we got a long way to run back to peak rates but still, I think marching in a more positive trajectory for some time to come.
Andy Power: On the Teraco, I don't think there's any updates. We're still in the same vicinity of closing time period and there's been no change to our underwriting numbers since we announced. I don't -- let us follow up online to triple-check confirm those numbers with you with your model just to make sure because I don't recall what I exactly said a call ago on those numbers in terms of a partial calendar year contribution. And then your second question, Alex, was that about leasing or M&A? I just want to make sure -- you said the geos. I just want to make sure...
Andy Power: Well, obviously the FX has gone against our favor for the year but we've had some success in the first quarter relative to our budget a little bit on the OpEx side but we are absorbing a customer -- a bankruptcy which is going to be in your headwind to that. Hence, we're holding our guidance for same-store cash NOI for the year.
Andy Power: Bankruptcy, aside from a, call it, noncore straight-line right add back that's not in core FFO, we basically already absorbed about almost $4 million of a hit for the first quarter due to, call it, pre-petition receivables which I mentioned earlier on the call. And then, we've made an assumption as to additional, call it, $6 million of headwind for the remainder of the year because quite honestly, we're kind of just handicapping the outcome of events because the customer is obviously going to go through the court process and either accept or reject leases. The last time this go around, I think almost all of the leases were accepted. I'm not sure or that will be the case this go around. And then there's the scenarios as to if a lease is rejected and their end customers could be essentially absorbed by Digital Realty. So $6 million of incremental and on top of the $4 million, taken in the first quarter is our essentially hit or adjustment due to the bankruptcy for the year.
Andy Power: Sure. Thanks, Irvin. So I mean -- and I'm sorry to play the record again because I wanted to touch on this and I think I hit it on one of the QA. If you look historically, the last 3 years, our business has been roughly 40% international. And prior to this year, the headwinds or tailwinds, because it doesn't always go against you or, call it, in the 50 to 75 basis points, call it, vicinity with much less volatility than we're seeing this year. Essentially, with these not -- by issuing non-U.S. dollar financings be it euro or Swiss francs or sterlings or our multicurrency revolver are going to natural lending sources, often the long durations and essentially creating asset liabilities through the bonds but also cash flow liabilities to offset the euros we received from revenue or the pounds we received from revenue. Given we invested development returns of 9 to 12 or so percent and the rates are so modest right now, there's a leakage. We've been migrating more and more of our debt to be non-U.S. dollars. I think 75% of it is non-U.S. dollars today because 100% of our equity is U.S. dollars and 100% of our common dividends are in U.S. dollars. So we have that natural match for our U.S. dollar hedge. I've always been a big fan of this approach because it allows to, call it, have multiple benefits to the strategy of tapping diverse capital sources at attractive rates and create a natural FX hedge. It obviously does not provide 100% P&L volatility elimination. We are continuing to become more international. We are continuing to, in smaller amounts, going to a slightly more volatile markets in terms of currencies, be it Latin America or Africa. So I would say we're not -- our ears are always open to good ideas and we'll continue to evolve our thinking if a time comes to look at incremental types of foreign currency derivatives to further eliminate any P&L volatility from the FX.
