Arthur William Stein: I'm reluctant to go into too much specificity before we close. But I will tell you it is one deal. Approximate deal size, we'll say, between $350 million and $400 million. It's one institutional investor. It's, I believe, a highly regarded institutional investor in the real estate space. And right now, we're expecting just -- I think I said one close, and that will -- I expect that will be in the third quarter.
Arthur William Stein: Roughly. Yes, I'd qualify [ph] that. And then in terms of the JV again, we're in negotiations with a partner now. So I'm reluctant to say too much. You can assume the cap rates are -- they'll be in rates that are attractive to us.
Arthur William Stein: So the $350 million is the total asset value. We are looking at 20-80 joint venture, where we'd be 20% and our partner would contribute 80%. So 80% of that $350 million to $400 million will be coming back to us. And we've seen no sensitivity as a result of those changing rates.
Arthur William Stein: Roughly $80 million into mid-July equates to, I think, the first 3 quarters of last year for signings.
Arthur William Stein: Bill, that's one of the alternatives, for sure. So when we close the venture, we'll have to look at what our investment opportunities are at the company. And depending upon investment opportunities, we would either use all the proceeds to pay down the revolver or the other alternative would be to make the use of proceeds leverage-neutral, which is to say partially to retire debt and partially to retire equity in accordance with our pro forma capitalization. And of course, we could do anything along that spectrum.
Arthur William Stein: I'll start with the FX, Michael. I think there must have been a misinterpretation there. So the FX is, I think, probably $0.01 hit at most, maybe $0.02. In terms of the -- what was the question on the -- oh, capitalization. So a little additional clarification on the capitalization. So we had -- and previously, we had been expensing all capital expenditures of $10,000 or less. And today, we are capitalizing what's appropriate to capitalize down to any amount, which is really consistent with GAAP. The $10,000 and lower policy, I think, was more or less a holdover from our IPO days. $10,000 was a holdover from our IPO days when we had limited resources and there was a question of our ability to track, from a capitalization standpoint, expenditures of $10,000 or less. And we just -- honestly, we didn't consider $0.01 in the first quarter to be particularly material.
Arthur William Stein: Yes. I mean, the other change on operating expenses, we were -- we started to expense operating expenses, recognize expenses prior to the cessation of the capitalization of interest, which is obviously not consistent. So now the operating expenses and the capitalization of interest line up. And the split between those 2 was roughly 50-50 in terms of effect.
Arthur William Stein: So the answer to the second question, Steve, is that we have a build-to-suit one deal that has some long pickups, if you will, where we're delivering space in the outyears.
Arthur William Stein: Yes, it's a very large deal. And answer to the first question is yes. The -- about a $0.05. There's $0.05 in the forecast that's related to the change in accounting policy. And commencements, as Mike said, have been delayed, which affects revenue recognition and acquisition. And that would drive the guidance.
Arthur William Stein: I mean, there are ins and outs, Jonathan, that we would expect to -- the G&A might come in a little bit lower. OpEx might come in a little bit lower. But it's no more than $0.01 or $0.02 around the edges.
Arthur William Stein: A lot of the capital deliveries is back end-weighted in the year, Tayo. That's when the project completions are.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. I'd be happy to. So we're seeing new opportunities in Japan. We expect to be closing soon on a development site outside of Osaka. We're moving ahead on schedule with our new development and joint venture with Savvis in Hong Kong and have very good interest in that new development. Also continue to discuss potential joint ventures with IT services companies in China, we'll see where that goes. And then we're seeing a pickup in leasing now in Singapore. It was a little slow for a couple of quarters, and now we're seeing requirements pick up in that market, which we know is going to be a very strong market ongoing for. So Asia, we see as having really good opportunities. And we have good activity in Sydney and Melbourne on those developments as well. You may recall, in Melbourne, NAB is the anchor tenant there and we have a couple of international firms as our anchor tenants in Sydney.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. We have certainly a very large footprint in North America and globally, which allow us to provide a wide range of space both in our Internet gateway buildings, as well as in our suburban data center facilities. So we can provide that space, whether it's smaller colo space or larger wholesale space, over a megawatt, to these different corporates and IT services companies that are delivering cloud services and require that connectivity. So all in all, I think we're incredibly well-positioned to deliver the space and the connectivity within our buildings, within our business parks. And as we mentioned back to the major network and Internet peering points, whether they're at in an Equinix facility or driving more business as well to an Equinix or Savvis or other folks. So it generally should be a win-win because hopefully we'll be driving more connectivity and Internet traffic back to these various peering points, whether they're in a Digital building or in another location. I'm sorry, the other question. Sorry, when we're seeing competitors -- competitor pricing. Typically, when a deal is done away with us, it's usually on price, where in some cases, we just feel we won't go as low as some of the competitors might, especially some of these folks that have 1 or 2 sites and don't have a portfolio approach to their business necessarily. But oftentimes, we are able to achieve a premium over our competitors because of our service, our professional operational platform and the fact that we can -- because of our modular POD architecture approach, we can customize spaces even within our Turn-Key Flex designs to meet the application requirements of the IT department. And that's very powerful as well as having fully dedicated UPS and cooling to the suites. And having that dedicated backup power and cooling is a very important criteria, especially among the corporate enterprise financial services groups.
Michael F. Foust: Yes. I mean, they'll be significantly below our guidance for new acquisitions because of the long-term leases and stability in those assets.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. Yes, it's a -- the leases were almost entirely Turn-Key Flex or fully fitted-out Custom Solutions that we'll be building. And in colo space, that's fully fitted-out colo space. And that's consistent with the trends we're seeing now. We are doing a few Powered Base Building leases but well over 90%. I think of the deals we're doing now are Turn-Key. And rates being pretty consistent with what we've been doing historically, probably be a little higher in that case. So a nice combination of existing customers, new customers and seeing a lot of expansion in multiple sites, as we mentioned around trends with big data and cloud and hybrid cloud.
Michael F. Foust: Yes. Actually the great, great majority of what we achieved in the last 3 weeks were leases we expected to close by June 30 and spilled over. There might be a couple million dollars of revenue, $1.5 million to a couple million that we would consider third quarter deals. And we expect to third quarter to meet our expectations in terms of leasing velocity. So we're very comfortable that we're on track. It's hard to keep in the course of business to keep too specific dates and quarter-by-quarter. And so it's -- as you all can appreciate it, it's often better to view things on longer timeframes. But yes, the leasing velocity is very good, we think.
Michael F. Foust: We're certainly on track -- probably maybe even -- we're certainly on track to meet our budgets and our revenue expectations. We're probably lagging a little bit from a timing perspective, especially with these leases that are falling over by 3 or 4 weeks, do have an impact in terms of timing. But I mean, we're confident we'll be in our guidance range.
Michael F. Foust: We're certainly, on the lease signings, we're well ahead of where we were at this point in time in July of 2012. I don't know off the top of my head how far ahead we are in terms of lease signings.
Michael F. Foust: Right. So we're making very good progress on signings. As I said, the commencements have been delayed a little bit from our expectations, especially with the latest batch of signings in July, which is great. But they're a few weeks later than we anticipated. So that will have a bit of an effect on the higher end of commencements.
Michael F. Foust: Not with our larger enterprise customers, and for a variety reasons there. These are large deployments for them and in large internal budgets for their own IT deployment and their own costs over and above the data center we're providing. As you can imagine, there's more levels of approval now, even for budgeted items within most organizations of substance that we're dealing with. And we're doing more customization as well. With our Turn-Key Flex product, we're doing a lot of tailoring to the IT application requirements themselves and customers' operating program. So that's taking some additional time as we go through the design and engineering project with our -- process with our customers for our Turn-Key Flex POD approach.
Michael F. Foust: That's really to bring ourselves in line with GAAP and what we see as the capitalization policies of most of our peers and other companies. But we're still being fairly conservative.
Michael F. Foust: Yes. Well, generally, I wasn't speaking anything beyond 2013. So I wasn't projecting out beyond this year. So I do want to make that clear. And really the timing is not around so much around construction in most markets. It's because we're continuing to deliver data center inventory where we need it, both Powered Base Building and Turn-Key, and we can build a Powered Base Building very rapidly. So it's really the timing, which I wouldn't say timing is longer, but we're still seeing pretty elongated discussions and planning with our larger customers. And that's one of the reasons why we also want to focus, in addition, on middle-market customers, where we might be able to move more rapidly and smooth out the lumpiness of our signings and commencements. And the other thing, these transactions just don't follow hard-and-fast quarter-by-quarter rules. They take the amount of time that the customer needs. So they're not really focused on quarterly completions themselves. So you'll get these different deals extending as long as we need to make sure that the customer is getting the right solution.
Michael F. Foust: And I think looking at our overall guidance and projections, on the high end, we think we have an opportunity to achieve additional leasing, as well as additional operational efficiencies. So we're now looking entirely at capitalization policy as driving what we think could be our higher end of our range.
Michael F. Foust: Yes. I mean, we have how much we spent. But you can see on Page 30 of the supplemental, the construction in progress by market breaks down the relative amount of activity in the different markets.
Michael F. Foust: I think, overall, we're delivering about a total of them of 1 million square feet, a little more than that.
Michael F. Foust: Thank you for your time, everyone, and your attention to the company, much appreciated. And I want to congratulate everybody here on the Digital team for a terrific effort and on continuing to deliver a high level of service for our customers and very good, consistent earnings for our shareholders. Thank you very much, everybody.
