Arthur William Stein: The signings are not expected to slow, but what we've been experiencing is a lag in commencements from signings, and that's really a function of the large enterprise customers. They're taking significant amounts of space. And there's a natural, I'd say impediment, to their ability to absorb all that space immediately based on just their needs. So that's taken down over a period of time. And that's the point of that backlog slide, is a lot of this business has been signed up but it will not commence for as much as 6 quarters away.
Arthur William Stein: Well, there's a reduction in capitalized interest that reflects the reduction in capital expenditures. But to the extent that leasing demand merits it, there will probably be additional CapEx towards the end of year or there could be, which would affect the capitalized interest. Right now, there's about a 20% reduction in capitalized interest. I think the other thing to keep in mind, Jordan, is that the JV adversely affects the -- 2014 to the tune of about $0.03 a quarter and obviously, that's in 2013, but it's not in the next 3 quarters of 2014.
Arthur William Stein: I think that most of that's going to be spent next year. And we have enough liquidity on our revolver to fund that without any additional equity. You'll see in our guidance that we're assuming a preferred issuance. On the JV front, we are assuming up to $400 million of additional JV proceeds. But we don't need a JV to fund that construction program.
Arthur William Stein: Rob, let me add to that. The way we see ourselves using private capital next year would be to supplement our acquisitions program and enhance the returns on our retained equity. So if you think about the Prudential JV that we did with an 80-20 structure, just think about applying that to a future stabilized acquisition where we retain 20%. But instead of a market cap rate that is, say, call it 7-ish, just for the sake of argument, but it could be under 7, through fees we may be able to boost that into the low double-digits, if not higher, as we did with this JV. So obviously, making the opportunity far more accretive.
Arthur William Stein: I'll take the second question first. So the capital that's highlighted for 2014 is the spend in 2014. But it's also likely to be close to deliveries as well. There may be some carryover into 2015, but predominantly 2014. And you are right. Most of what's been highlighted for 2015 is either to complete existing projects or it's to honor commitments that we've made to customers for leases that they've signed. So it's really to finish projects that have signed lease commitments. And as for the capital that is in the guidance for 2013 with respect to deliveries, virtually all of that is in the numbers except for whatever is to commence this quarter.
Arthur William Stein: Mike, I'm going to add one more item to that, which is to the extent we are doing business with a customer that hasn't outsourced before, their process may not be as well defined and refined as some of the existing customers that are accustomed to outsourcing. So there can be fits and starts in this process and it could be -- and it is, frankly, a situation where the fellow with the company that's got the data center requirement's talking to our salesperson, and he is absolutely sincere that the requirement needs to be filled within a reasonably short period of time, and our customer -- and our salesperson believes that, too. But then it gets kicked around inside these companies to several different groups and several different levels. And you find that instead of 1 RFP, there might be 2 RFPs or even 3 RFPs, as the requirements go from IT to corporate real estate and back.
Arthur William Stein: Well, I'll answer the buyback question. There is no assumption with respect to a buyback in the outlook that we've given for next year. And as I said in my remarks, we consider the returns on our development deals, the 10% to 12% unlevered, to be superior to what the return would be in repurchasing our common stock. Now another point, quite frankly, is that we have -- basically, our capital is earmarked for our development program at this point. So our ability to repurchase common would be a function of raising alternative equity. As to the leverage, we obviously are very keen and focused on maintaining our investment-grade debt ratings. You saw on the statistics that we provided that we are in good shape in that regard. But I think if we were to embark upon a common stock repurchase program, it would be funded with either another preferred issuance or potentially a joint venture.
Arthur William Stein: Just to add to that, Steve, so we would -- we commence upon both the tenant taking possession and Digital's obligations to the tenant in the construction process being met or fulfilled. So as Mike said, if there are multiple PODs, we need to finish the second, third, fourth POD, whatever it is, in order to commence the rent.
Arthur William Stein: Most of our buildings are owned in feet. So this is 1 of 4 buildings where we have a leasehold and then we have another 7 ground leases. And I think what triggered this -- I mean, the reason we discovered this was that there was a cash bump in the modification in 2014. So cash rents paid didn't change from the original lease term through the initial period of this modification until 2014, which was when the original lease was scheduled to expire and then we added another 10 years to 2014 at an increased rent. So that's how it was discovered. And it's just -- we just don't have that many of them. So our team is obviously very accustomed to processing leases where we are the lessor and our customer is the lessee. Those leases, there are procedures that address that situation and the individuals in asset management, property management deal with those situations every day. This was a different situation. The procedure is still there to deal with the leasehold, but our individuals -- this is one of just a handful of situations where you would have an extension that needs to be reflected in our books and records appropriately, which it was not, and we admit that. We understand why it happened and we've taken additional steps to make sure that something like this doesn't happen again.
Arthur William Stein: One other thing I'd like to mention is that the 2012 third quarter same-store occupancy data included occupancy from the JV assets, which are obviously not in the Q3 2013 since we've -- those are now owned by the venture. I think in the future, we'll be adding a footnote to the disclosure to make that clear. But that was -- that contributed to the decline as well.
Arthur William Stein: Well, the reason we're front-loading the longer-term capital, Tayo, is because we're concerned that we're in a -- that rates will go up at some point next year, that the long-term end of the curve will increase. I mean, it's come down about 50 basis points in the last month or so, and we think this is the time to strike before it goes back up. As far as the leverage ratios are concerned, so the preferred brings the leverage down clearly. The conversion of the debentures to equity, as I said, helps our debt-to-EBITDA by about 0.3. And then the growth in EBITDA as well gives us that capacity. So our forecast shows us right around 5.5x, give or take, over the course of the year. And we're comfortable managing to that. I would hesitate to commit to the equity, that we can take the leverage up until we have the appropriate discussions with the rating agencies. So I'll defer on that question.
Arthur William Stein: Bill, let me go speak to that for one second. We do disclose the Turn-Key renewals on Page 30 of the sup and we disclosed that both on a cash and GAAP basis. And we have Turn-Key and Powered Base. Equinix is all PBB. And I think one point that I'd like to make about these Turn-Key renewals is if you take a look, the Turn-Key cash renewals are down 2.7%. But we show a rolling 12 quarters -- just on a cash basis, we show a rolling 12 quarters down 7%. So if you think about those 2 numbers, that would, to me, indicate a positive trend on lease spreads.
Arthur William Stein: I want to go back to Ross Nussbaum's question. Just to clarify on one point. So the incremental -- a substantial amount of the incremental compensation from the additional sales personnel will be capitalized in the form of leasing commission. So base salaries are relatively modest, and most of the compensation to that sales force is success-based. And that shows up as capitalized leasing commissions.
Arthur William Stein: I think -- well, you have 8 deals, so you just don't have that many deals. So I think that could skew it as well. If you look back on a rolling 4 quarters basis, it's 4.5 years with a larger data set.
Arthur William Stein: I think that the difficulty in providing guidance on AFFO and just using that as a starting point, relates to capitalized leasing commissions and capitalized leasing compensation, because that's going to be a function of what's signed in the quarter and what's commenced in the quarter. So I would discourage you from using the AFFO line at the very bottom of the page.
Arthur William Stein: Yes, the dividend is going to be a function of taxable income. So -- and I've said on many calls and with many investors that our dividend policy is to pay out 100% of taxable income. And the best proxy for growth and taxable income is AFFO. It's not FFO, because AFFO is cash. Having said that, we revisit our dividend level annually at the next board meeting. And we have a -- when we reported the JV, we indicated that we had a sizable taxable gain on the sale of those assets. And the IRS allows a REIT to in essence take some of the distributions made in a subsequent year and count it towards a distribution in the current year if taxable income comes in higher than might otherwise have been forecasted. So this year, our taxable income, because of the sale of assets, is higher than what we thought it was going to be when we set the dividend last year -- or earlier this year. So the implication of that is that we're going to be pulling some of our January 2014 dividend back into 2013 to satisfy the 100% distribution requirement. So having said that, what that means is that our 2014 distributions are starting out light because you can't count it twice. The only way we can meet our 2014 distribution requirement will be to raise our dividend to a level that gets us to a 100% payout of taxable income. We haven't determined exactly what that is, but that's our situation.
Arthur William Stein: Michael, let me handle your first question. So we are assuming that the preferred and the debt is in place for the full year 2014, for the purposes of the outlook that we gave you. We are not assuming any acquisitions. That capital is being used to retire short-term debt at basically a very low rate given where LIBOR is today. For planning purposes, we're assuming a preferred at 7.5 and a debt at 5%. So a little bit higher than what you have in mind. I mean, if you were to think of something that's a little more normalized, you might say well, maybe we would do these financings midyear rather than at the beginning of the year but then of course rates, we think, would be higher as well. I'm not sure if that addresses your question, but we're not deploying that capital incrementally into acquisitions and really, the dilution is a function of retiring short-term debt and replacing it with what we think is a more prudent capital in terms of its duration.
Arthur William Stein: Well, the capital that's being deployed next year, Michael, is to finish projects that are very near completion. Some of them are physically complete, but we just need to finish the billing, and then it's to build out projects for which we have signed leases. So there's really not much discretion in that capital allocation.
Michael F. Foust: That's right. So especially with the large tenants, like the one we signed earlier this week, where they're taking multiple pods, they'll phase in 1 or 2 pods at a time and that may take place over a 12- to 18-month period. And so then you have a delay in commencement for each of those phases as they lease in. But the income is there as you can see in that NOI build up. So the asset value and future -- near future cash flows and NOI will go up pretty significantly.
Michael F. Foust: Well, if you look on Page 3 on the accompanying slide deck, we break that out for you, and I think in a conservative fashion. This is our -- and this is our backlog. So this slide represents actually signed leases and the contractual backlog that is already baked. So new leasing will be on top of that.
Michael F. Foust: That is correct. That is not our assumption. That is the minimum baked contractual without any of the good leasing that Matt and his team are doing.
Michael F. Foust: If we were to do another tranche with a core investor, likely it would be -- it would have some Turn-Key in it but the majority would be Powered Base, likely. It's potentially that we would look at, at other types of investors who may be more core plus, who would look at Turn-Key assets. But right now, we have a limited amount -- number of properties that we would even contemplate at this point putting in a joint venture, and they'd be more geared toward core with a little bit of Turn-Key.
Michael F. Foust: That's a good question. And I think part of the challenge is a lot of our customers -- it's not internal methodology and how we're leasing. It really has to do with the decision-making process with our customers. And these large customers, for the most part, this is their first outsourcing and the first of many. So we're working with them in a pretty close partnership. And frankly, in many cases, what their time frames for when they want to complete a lease and they want to get up and running, it has slid more than they thought, more than we thought. And clearly, we haven't been conservative enough in putting in more wiggle room in the time frames for when these deals get actually signed. And then that gets compounded a little bit because on these larger deals, the ramp up, when someone is taking 3, 4, 7 megawatts, you have typically an 18- sometimes even a 24-month ramp on that long-term lease. So I think it's that combination of really spearheading this growing trend for outsourcing, as well as the ramp up. And as Matt went into detail, our mid-market and SMB program, we look to bring in more customers in that middle range, where they'll take space and commence space much more closer to signing.
Michael F. Foust: And I think what will also continue to help that acceleration, the fact that we're doing more and more with existing customers as well. We're expanding in multiple markets, multiple continents, and those tend to be more good size, more bite-size solutions where they are commencing much more closely to lease signings. So I think we'll see that tighten as we do more and more of these expansions with existing customers.
Michael F. Foust: But the good news is we are getting these deals signed and we have a good backlog, and that backlog is going to grow significantly over the next 1.5 years -- 1 year, 1.5 years.
Michael F. Foust: And in terms of the lease rates as reflected for the per kilowatt, probably last quarter and this quarter are pretty consistent. I think we've seen pretty consistent pricing between the 2 quarters.
Michael F. Foust: Well, yes, when you look at a project, typically it's going to be generally a 36-month process to reach stabilization. Sometimes it might be 40 months. So on an individual lease basis when we do our analysis lease by lease, we fully load all the costs and carry costs into that calculation on a lease-by-lease basis. And then that translates when we're stabilized on that asset, like any development project. In year 3, generally, you're going to be at stabilized or very close to, and that's where you're going to achieve your 10% to 12% unlevered returns.
Michael F. Foust: That's a really good question, and most of the time, what happens with these larger deployments is that because we're building pod by pod, the rent will commence on the pod that's built and being utilized by the customer. So in those cases, it phases in as they occupy pod-by-pod, as opposed to free rent, where customer is taking the entire facility and is getting free rent up front. So it's a little different nuance and the accounting treatment requires you to phase in pod-by-pod for those multi-pod customers.
Michael F. Foust: And that reflects -- that phasing reflects the fact that for large customers, they just physically -- it's just physically not possible to take down and populate a multi-megawatt data center in 6 months or even a year depending on the size. It's just not feasible for anyone.
Michael F. Foust: That's a good question. And there's 2 -- actually 3 items that give us comfort that demand is really growing and the trend for outsourcing for both enterprises and cloud providers is growing. And first of all, one is the -- that Slide #3, that actually shows you the contractual backlog. I mean, those are signed leases that are commencing over the next short period of time. And over on top of which, new lease revenues will be added. Also on top of that are the signings and the growth in lease signings. So those represent real deals, real requirements that are moving ahead on a contractual basis. And I'd say third is our funnel of prospects that we're addressing directly today continues to grow at a pretty good clip over the last 2 quarters. So all those things give us a lot of confidence that the market for our facilities in our major markets is pretty healthy.
Michael F. Foust: No, I don't think so, Michael. Because if you don't have signings, you don't have future revenues. And the signings are very tangible, contractual-based cash flow that one can underwrite. So I don't think that's the case. And as we mentioned earlier, with the outsourcing being relatively new to a lot of these large customers, it's really the decision-making process and the fact that it is so important, they're entrusting critical facilities to Digital Realty, that it just has taken a longer time than our customers have contemplated and certainly than we estimated. I think we're in a much better position now to estimate and project when these leases will commence. But it certainly does not reflect a reduction at all in demand, and actually, our demand statistics and deals that we're tracking and pursuing have actually increased with Matt's group.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, definitely. I mean, we've seen a bit of a blip, in that we've delivered completed Turn-Key space into inventory that will be leased over the next year, as well as we had a couple of office leases in non-data center buildings that expired and we're at the very beginning now of re-leasing those in Fremont, California.
Michael F. Foust: For the commencements in the quarter, we're looking at a little over $32 million of annualized GAAP rent and a backlog of almost $91 million of annualized rent.
Michael F. Foust: Well, we have the actual lease rental revenue realizations that will be contributed on Page 3. We can probably provide something further on that. I don't have that table available right now, but I'm sure we could have more definition around that on kind of what the future revenue streams. Because these only reflect on Page 3 what is going to be realized in that particular year and not the long-term.
Michael F. Foust: And also, Page 3 here is also NOI, it's not revenues. So we're really taking it down to the actual operating income at the property level for you in that, getting down to the bottom line. So obviously, those revenue numbers will be much larger, representing the future cash flows from each of those leases that will be commencing. You also asked about the network ecosystem, the Digital ecosystem. And that initiative is moving ahead actually quite well. We expect to have our major metros' dark fiber installed between our assets and back to the peering points, by the end of this year, January, February of next year. So we're very close to having those networks completed. And in some cases, providing lit wavelengths for customers that they can utilize as well. What this really allows us is for customers to utilize fiber themselves. It also, probably more importantly, allows the different carriers, metro and long-haul carriers, to land efficiently and effectively in our buildings to serve the customers in those buildings, and tied with the Open IX initiative, really allows all of our buildings in a metro to be connected directly with the major peering points and interconnection facilities, whether they're in a digital facility or whether they're in another location. And that's proven very effective already in customers in London, Silicon Valley and Virginia. And we expect that's going to really create more tenant demand from much wider range of customers than ever before.
Michael F. Foust: Yes, I think if you look on a per kW basis, they're pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter. I think some of it's market mix as much as anything, and the fact that some of our tenants are taking not necessarily lower power densities, though in some cases that is true. But they are taking ancillary space along with the data centers. So the per square foot number was a little bit lower because they're taking staging space, a little bit of office space and it all gets wrapped into that lease.
Michael F. Foust: On the Powered Base Building, they generally reflected kind of the midpoint of the Equinix. We had a couple that went down and a couple that went up in addition to the Equinix ones. But the ones that went down were not material overall.
Michael F. Foust: Sure. So part of it is leases getting signed late in the quarter or getting signed in the next quarter. And frankly, we did not forecast conservatively enough to take into account kind of that slippage in timing. So while the signings are good -- are very good, we definitely miscalculated how quickly those deals would get signed within a quarter and if they slip from 1 quarter to the next.
Michael F. Foust: Well, we're in a good position of having sufficient inventory now in the major markets that we've targeted. And so we've gone through the last couple of years really ramping up our development program to meet that demand. And now going forward in 2014, 2015, 2016, we're in a really good position to lease up that space that we've been developing. And so we're ready to accommodate those customers because we have made the investment in our inventory.
Michael F. Foust: And you have a few colo deals in there as well that are more of a, by their nature, are shorter term when you have the colo renewals.
Michael F. Foust: And when you think about it too, it's not that the whole lease doesn't start for a year. You may get -- oftentimes, you'll get a portion of lease starts immediately or close to immediately, and then it phases in over 18 months. So you'll get portions commencing as you go through that 12- to 18-month time frame.
Michael F. Foust: And in terms of breaking out where the commencements and NOI is being delivered, it's really primarily from -- for 2014, from the product that's been delivered and is work in progress that will be delivered in the first half of the year. So that's primarily in large part from space that's built in inventory or currently under construction.
Michael F. Foust: Really, there are no outs, other than in some cases if it's a build to suit, where if our development takes longer than planned then the commencement would happen later. But we don't anticipate that occurring in any cases. And so there are no outs in any of these leases.
Michael F. Foust: Well, the customers' decision to outsource data center facilities, certainly, they are looking at their cost of capital and they are realizing in many cases, if not most cases, that their investment opportunities are better investing in their own businesses rather than in the expensive data center infrastructure facilities that we specialize in. So it's really where customers set their internal hurdle rates and their internal return requirements. And I think we're seeing almost across the board, except for the Googles and Microsofts of the world, almost everyone else is saying, "Hey, our internal hurdle rates are such that it makes sense for us to outsource."
Michael F. Foust: Well, yes, certainly. I mean, there are 2 things -- I think you're looking at a pretty limited base of customers there from the Turn-Key just because of small number. If you look at combined Turn-Key and Powered Base Building renewals, those have gone out -- the Powered Base Building especially lately have gone out 10 years, 15 years. So those are -- have gone out, in many cases, very far. And what's interesting to know is that our cost on those renewals, even on the Turn-Key this past quarter, our cost per square foot was only $7 on Turn-Key and less than $2 a foot on the Powered Base Building, and -- which means, as a landlord, we're contributing very little capital. And on the Turn-Key, I can tell you, it's all leasing commissions. I mean, really none of it's going into TI or refresh, which really shows how long-lived these assets are, otherwise our customers would be asking us for a refresh capital, and that's just not happening.
Michael F. Foust: Great. Thank you very much, everyone, for taking the time today. And I want to thank our team for the hard work and everybody's attention. And I just want to emphasize the fact that our business is healthy, demand is growing and we expect to see really increased returns for our shareholders going forward here. Thank you very much.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. And Mike, this is Matt. As you think about the topics that Mike just discussed, it's a natural maturing of the market. When we initially entered the large enterprise segment, we saw a little bit tighter lease-to-commencement time line. And we're starting to see that large enterprise segment mature and take a little more time in their deliberative process as they move forward. But the maturing of the market, especially in the mid-market accounts, is starting to bring that same pattern that we initially saw in the large enterprise now in multiple transactions in the mid-market as well. So we expect to be able to bring -- tighten up the spread between lease signing and commencement inside the mid-market space the same way that we initially did in the large enterprise space.
Matthew J. Miszewski: And Steve, that's part of why we made a decision to focus an increasing amount of effort on new market opportunities, because while we see the large enterprise exposure as something very positive to the long-term health of the company, we think that in the mid-market space, where the sizings for an ideal customer land is around 1 POD, it fits more directly with being able to commence within the fiscal.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes, and Mike, I think that on your question about who has the advantage on economics, we certainly do see a differential from market-to-market, and we don't see a connection between delayed commencements in the large enterprise segment and sort of tenant advantage in terms of negotiation. We haven't seen that come through in the -- in this fiscal year and we don't anticipate that coming through in 2014.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes. So David, thanks for the question. We do see that pressure. We don't believe, given the 4 quarters looking forward pipeline, that we're looking at, that we're pulling forward deals into either Q3 or into Q4. We have a very healthy pipeline throughout the next fiscal year.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes, so we've taken a look at the amount of increase that we would need on the sales portion of that expense. And the number of heads is roughly 1/3 growth over where we are in the space today. So we are very wary of not trading too large a burden on our SG&A, but we do have to adjust significantly in order to meet the market.
Matthew J. Miszewski: No, not yet, because we're also in the midst of a market that has -- is resetting its salary requirements. So we don't have the detailed information right now, until we get done with the -- with acquiring the asset.
Matthew J. Miszewski: I don't want to suggest that they're necessarily the easier deals, but the structure of the companies that we're targeting in the mid-market and SMB space means that there's a higher demand in those markets. So they will have -- they will be incented internally to commence quicker because there's a larger amount of external demand in their business space. And then the sizing of the individual deals makes it sort of a perfect fit for our POD architecture to be able to serve in relatively short time frame. So instead of taking out 8 megs, 10 megs of opportunity, if you're taking out an 11.25, we can roll that in relatively quick.
Matthew J. Miszewski: Yes, Jon, the structure of the POD 3.0 architecture does allow -- and our normal development time line does allow us to match up the actual deployments with the split of schedules as we know them. So if something is an 18-month planned rollout, we have the ability to rollout at staggard terms.
