Andy Power: Sure, Eric. So the only thing I was going to add on, and sorry for interruption. Corey's first piece is that the -- if you look at the plus the megawatt signings were most of the hyperscale larger deals land. We did north of 50 megawatts. I think our largest deal is 10 megawatts. We had two around 5 each. So then you had, call it, 30 megawatts of, call it, 1 to 4 megawatts in size, including new landings and expansions from a diverse group of those hyperscalers. So that was the only data point I was going to add to that first question. On your second question, Eric, I would say, you definitely got the scoop in terms of something that's certainly very recently breaking. So I'll try to provide a little context and as well to answer your question. Dominion Energy, which is the primary power provider in that market, informed its major customers very recently regarding the call a potential pinch point in Eastern Loudoun County that could delay deliveries until 2026. So a little fair bit out there. The cause has been described to me as transmission, not generation, i.e. the pipes or the power line infrastructure, not the actual power. The power company did not give definitive answers to most of the relevant questions we and I would think you and others on this call would probably have, but they have been transparent about the potential issue, and they're working very diligently to finalize their assessment and then ultimately communicate their findings. What this means -- I mean while we're still obviously handicapping the potential outcomes, but net-net, if this is to come to fruition as we recently learned, it will obviously likely be a slowdown in delivery of new supply in what is our largest and the largest and most consistently in demand data center market in the world. So I see two possible outcomes there: one being called just a sense of greater pricing power and higher rates tied to the sharp reduction of near-term availability, which should be favorable to Digital given our standing in market; and then also likely to be potentially some winners and losers as it relates to the various developers, including Digital seeking to bring new inventory online in that market. We have -- you kind of go through the rundown of our footprint, call it, 40 megawatts available. You can see in our 500 megawatts of IT load operational as of 2Q. We also then have, call it, 50 megawatts was our last building on that legacy Loudoun campus. I think it's building all in the alphabet that I would say feels like on the lower risk of having an issue. But again, this is very new and subject to change. We have another 200 megawatts on our Manassas campus, which given its position in that market seems on the lower risk side. And then we do have, call it, based on a substation that's already built about 200 megawatts on that Digital Dallas aka Western Lands, call it 1 plus gigawatt site that is called. We got to figure out how that's going to play out in terms of delivery and time line, but I do like our odds, if any, given that we have a sitting substation already there. The steel has been erected, the capital is deployed. Net-net, given our activity in that market, only 24 megawatts of what I just mentioned other than the 40 available would deliver by the fourth quarter of '23, just normal timeline. So I don't see this as a huge impact to '23. And then last but not least, I mean, given other than the tighter market fundamentals, I mean I do like our odds here relative to the competitive set in North Virginia. I mean we're the largest provider of consistently operating with Dominion. We have substations and power infrastructure already built on our campuses, as I mentioned. And I think we are a very important player in that market to help the power company address this problem given our strategically important land parcels and easement. So sorry for the long-winded response, but I didn't feel that, that top would need some clarity given you've kind of just broke that news just yesterday, the day before.
Andy Power: Obviously, those things are linked, Matt. So maybe I'll have Corey speak to demand first, and then I can tackle the pricing topic.
Andy Power: And then, Matt, on your second question as it relates to pricing, I mean I would say, the commentary is fairly consistent with what Bill and I shared at the NAREIT conference, call it, early June. 2022, on the backs of, call it, us executing on the business and strengthening our value proposition with pricing power accrued to for several years, 2022 has started off -- or the first half, it's certainly been a called pendulum shifting dynamic. The demand has remained robust. Our value proposition is certainly resonating with what you've seen in the results and the pace of inventories had a challenge keeping up with it. And -- but what I just relayed on Loudoun County is called just one of the examples, but there's been others throughout the year as well. And that has allowed us to essentially move our list rates up numerous times, starting at the very end of 2021 through 2022, executed at higher rates across both our larger footprint and small footprint. Push rates on our renewal contracts, which last quarter, we had positive cash mark-to-markets certainly inflection on our cash mark-to-markets. We raised our guidance for the full year, and we followed with a second quarter of cash mark-to-markets as well. And I would say, all these things kind of flow through the entire, call it, commercial engagement with the customers to escalators and other provisions. So pricing has been moving in our favor in the first half of 2022.
Andy Power: Sure. Thanks, Michael. So I mean -- and we touched a little bit on this in the script. We've followed this playbook that you've somewhat summarized to your -- I mean often when we go into more volatile parts of the world like Latin America, we do partnerships. So we're not -- our equity is not entirely at risk. We also -- I've put a disproportionate amount of our debt in non-U.S. dollar financings, hitting the Eurobond, Swiss bond, Sterling bond. We have now called close to $4 billion in multicurrency revolver commitments. And so given that -- with that mismatch, you said of having a U.S. stock price in U.S. listed or U.S. currency dividends put more and more, call it, accessing diverse sources of capital and creating natural FX hedges along the way. At the same time, given the rate of return that we're investing relative to at least in more recent history has been very low rates in a lot of these currencies. There has been called cash flow or CFFO leakage. The point I was trying to highlight in the script, and this year, the volatility is just off the charts. I mean the year ago, the parity with the dollar is the highest it's been in several years. And certainly, it's created a headwind to our P&L or core FFO per share. But those same euros that got deflated in our P&L in 2022. We're also going into the ground with Europe being our largest development as part of the portfolio with 221 of our megawatts under construction across the continent or in London. So that is typically in our playbook. We've not followed some others in terms of, call it, just P&L hedging, which is really transacting with foreign currency derivatives to call it take out volatility, and that's been what we've done to date. Now I've also said in the prepared remarks, we're becoming a much more global company. There's no question of that. Call it, 50-plus metros, 27 countries, six continents, and we're in a -- certainly, and not in a long time heightened volatility to currency situation. So I think we're always open to good new ideas and something we'll consider in terms of adding to that FX playbook with various types of derivatives. Am I going to go a lot the euro at this point right now? I'm not sure quite honestly. I mean there could be a chance where some of these non-U.S. currencies or countries start raising their rates, and you have some reversion on some of this at the same time. So -- but that's really been what the past practice is, and we're always looking at trying to figure out new ideas to continue to actively hedge the business and mitigate risk.
Andy Power: So the -- the DC REIT, Digital Core REIT, started out with the North America portfolio, but does have a global mandate. And really the selection of the initial assets was, we had the most to pick from in North America, given our history track record, stage of development of those assets. But we do very well expect to globalize it and diversify it with other types of assets in different parts of the world. The Singapore dollar is, I don't think it's 100% linked currency to the U.S. dollar, but there is, I believe, monetary policies or there is some governmental linkage where they try to track the U.S. dollar in terms of currency. So it's not usually a wildly divergent to the U.S. dollar type of currency. I mean, we view that vehicle as a, call it, the home for core assets with -- that are stabilized, fully operational, long-waited average lease terms, and again, will be a global basis. We also have ventures like Ascenty in Latin America, which today is held by our partners Brookfield or Mitsubishi or MC Digital Realty in Japan or our partners, Mitsubishi Corporation, that are certainly a private partner today, but those certainly could evolve into forms of public partnerships over time. So we're always looking at different ways to find the most appropriate both debt and equity capital, private and public, for partners to most efficiently and prudently scale and grow the platform.
Andy Power: And thanks, David, for the question around the ServiceFabric. Yes. So we're -- I've kind of talked about this before to provide a little bit of color and background. It's a purpose-built product, right? And it really enhances our customer experience where we're removing technical complexity. And so what that's going to translate to and what we're watching is driving more of that sub-1 megawatt deployments where enterprises are looking to leverage and deploy their hybrid IT or multi-cloud deployment into our facility. So you'll see a lot more of that driving into our portfolio. And also, I think we're going to see us continually extend the reach into deeper sets of assets within our facilities, set differently, both colo and scale, will start to get the true benefit of interconnection, which at the end of the day will allow us to drive more value and higher margins outside of that product. And so that's one of the things we've been tracking extensively. And that utilization, which is another key KPI for us is multi-site, right, where we're starting to sell a blended set of capabilities, both scale and colo all heavily interconnected because that's where the market is headed. And that's where we see a lot of these larger enterprises requiring multi-market access with a highly interconnected backbone with true SLAs, and that's what the ServiceFabric was able to deliver to market there.
Andy Power: Jon, I'll take them in reverse because second one is pretty clean. The -- so there's one specific transaction that we've signed that into one of our newest Frankfurt campuses that -- I mean that we're just getting off that plot, getting off the ground on. So that was really what lengthened that out. If you exclude that 1 transaction that I think the book-to-bill is, call it, eight months. So called in-line with our prior track record. And then on your -- on the first question, I mean, definitely, very pleased that the Digital Core REIT team down the gates with -- I think its official first earnings call. Not -- I don't think they have a lot -- too much to report other than the biggest news being making progress. We are making progress collectively on not -- really beyond asset selection to diligence to transactional docs and have really circled assets in three markets as prime candidates to act on for its first life of acquisition growth. And as a reminder, that vehicle, we took public last December with a called underlevered balance sheet. So it has embedded debt capacity called approaching $200 million. So it's not reliant on the equity capital markets out of the gates, but we do hope the equity capital markets respond favorably and continue to support that and because we want to see that vehicle grow, we think that's a great partner vehicle for these core parts of our campuses that fit that vehicle's mandate.
Andy Power: Jon, I think it really was just timing. We had a really large commencement quarter in 2Q, and in the back half, you do have a few things, call it, working against us, which are those orange bars. One is, we do -- some of our beat in the second quarter was delayed timing on OpEx spend, which we believe is going to get pushed to the back half of the year, not a new event at Digital. We do see a pickup in interest expense, which everyone can see. And then we are closing Teraco in the coming weeks. And then lastly, call it, 24-ish or 25-ish percent of our core FFO is from like the euro, the sterling, the yen. And on a quarter-over-quarter basis, you've seen degradation in those currencies about 5%, which is the FX headwinds. Hence, while we did change our as-reported guidance, we were able to maintain our constant currency guidance, which is about just north of 7% year-over-year growth at the midpoint.
Andy Power: Correct. Yes. I mean, I think asking rates on any available capacity in Ashburn, I mean when we got won of this, we went out to our entire field. The dynamics are shifting in Ashburn, and they could shift quite dramatically. So asking rates as well as negotiations on renewal contracts.
Andy Power: Sure. So we have on-the-ground teams that speak the local language, worked in the municipalities, network to the business leaders. So in each of these jurisdictions that call it, you mentioned our top of list relationships to make sure that we're in constant communication. That doesn't mean something doesn't pop off like we're experiencing Ashburn episodically, but I would say, we have a very good hand on the pulse of what's going on there. I mean this -- we're supporting critical -- mission-critical infrastructure here for a host of applications that I would say, even in a rationing environment, we're very top of list in terms of access to resources, including power. And we're constantly monitoring the power sources or deliveries for new projects and preparing for even more draconian scenarios in terms of backup fuel sources that could play out given the fact that circumstances of what's going on in Eastern Europe. So -- and that's part of our business, and we have very high stakes customers that I view as partners kind of in line what Bill mentioned who are side-by-side with us on these issues, right? They're with us with, expressing the criticality of them getting live on certain dates. So I think that partnership is -- so we would mutually benefit in terms of being able to derisk our execution on their behalf.
Andy Power: Thanks, Frank. Maybe I'll start it off, and then Corey can -- so we've -- I don't think we've seen to date economic softness in our demand. You heard from Corey's description on the forward pipeline and look at our results in terms of new bookings and new logo additions, and I think that's based into that we are really mission-critical priority. We're not a discretionary spend. We are -- we're facilitating performance enhancement. We're facilitating growth through digital transformation for our customers' businesses as well as efficiencies for our customers. So I think that's -- and we've also been through a few economic cycles as well, and the history would say that our trend is our friend on that topic. If you look at the sectors, I think some of the usual ones, in North America, we saw a good amount of financial services. Cybersecurity, in EMEA, we saw this quarter's media telecommunications, initiative cloud and Asia Pacific, similar to what we saw both America and EMEA. So pretty broad brush as well as call more general corporate enterprise across health care, manufacturing, retail, et cetera. So -- and I think that goes back to -- there's a common theme across almost all these industries about what our services are doing to enable their services.
Andy Power: Thanks, Nick. The -- I think the returns went down 30 basis points to 40 basis points from 10.4 to about 10, which is really a mix shift. We've added to the base some larger-scale projects that already have or will have some anchor leases that are -- we're certainly on the lower end of our return spectrum. But I would say, the pricing is robust, particularly in Europe, which is one of our tightest regions and has got a numerous markets where we're serving both large and small customers. So I would attribute that's pretty much sole that quarter-over-quarter mix shift.
Bill Stein: Thanks, Aryeh. So I mean -- and then -- again, it's still subject to change because this is very new or late breaking, but it's going to paint a picture where we believe there's still going to be robust demand in a tightened or slowed supply environment. So -- and those economics mean rates typically rise and economics accrue to the providers. We -- I don't -- first and foremost, I don't see people leaving Ashburn for this delay. This isn't like a permanent feature of Ashburn, this is a, call it, bottleneck of a portion of Ashburn. And you've got an incredible amount of customers, infrastructures, network Ashburn grew to where it is for many reasons. And I don't see demand just running away from in the face of this. I think the available capacity is going to become more precious. Hence, that call it, 40 megawatts of operational that we have today is more precious. And if we're able to proceed and bringing on new capacity that I outlined, that becomes more precious. And if we look at our expirations, we've got about 18 or 17 megawatts respond in the back half of this year. Another 75 in '23. Another 58 in '24. Another 54 in '25, so call it north of 200 over the next through the end of '25, which is a normal amount of role for us, but Ashburn is our largest market. So we have a lot of microwatts rolling over the ensuing years.
Bill Stein: Simon, I'll speak to the self-build question. So frankly, we -- the pipe scalers have been building their own for a long time, I'd say, for the last 10 years. And they have pursued what we call a hybrid model. So they have self-build, and they have -- they lease from third parties. That -- how much they do at any given time varies, and they don't all do it at the same time. So party A might be doing 100% third-party leasing and no self-building while party B is relying mostly on self-build. In the next year, they could change it up. But I would say, in the current environment, so in the current environment meaning that an environment that's challenged by supply chain and inflation, I think we're seeing an increased reliance on third-party leasing, right? And that's because we are as good as anybody at managing in what is, I would characterize it as a more challenging environment. And do you want to handle the power question in Europe.
Bill Stein: So I'm not sure I think diversification trend would likely have been outside of like that Northern Virginia part of the world, quite honestly. And we've got shells in Atlanta, we've got capacity in the call it the suburbs of New York City and Chicago and Dallas. So there's -- I think you could see a spillover effect on a temporary basis to other parts of the United States. But I don't think you're going to see a running to other cities in Virginia, quite honestly. And I don't -- I mean, the -- this is locationally sensitive workloads, right? The infrastructure and networking has been in the ground and been built upon and grown upon for years and years in Ashburn. The clouds have architected their networks with on-ramp locations that are locationally sensitive availability zones that have radius restrictions. And I don't -- the fact that this is a slowing of the Ashburn, not a halting of the Ashburn or a pocket of Ashburn to me says, I don't think that you're going to really be able to move this tremendous center of gravity for the data centers worldwide.
Bill Stein: Thank you, Andrea. I'd like to wrap up our call today by recapping our highlights for the second quarter as outlined on the last page of our presentation. First, digital transformation remains an important secular driver of our business, which drove another strong quarter of bookings and new business additions to our global platform. The robust demand that we are seeing is reflected in our growing development pipeline. Second, we continue to press our advantage through tactical and organic new market entries as the additions of Israel and Barcelona this quarter will enhance our connectivity offering in the Mediterranean while our investment in a leading colocation and connectivity provider in South Africa is expected to close in short order. Third, we posted stronger-than-expected core FFO per share results, despite stiff FFX headwinds, and we maintained our constant currency core FFO per share forecast for the year, which represents more than 7% growth year-over-year. Last, we are very proud of our team's launch of ServiceFabric, an open and neutral digital marketplace, supporting our customers' digital transformation journey and enabling hybrid multi-cloud requirements. Before signing off, I'd like to thank our dedicated and exceptional team at Digital Realty, who keep the digital world turning. I hope all of you will stay safe and healthy, and we look forward to seeing many of you in the coming weeks at upcoming events. Thank you.
