Christopher O’Connell: Great. Thank you, Gene, and thank you, Sherry. As we turn to 2017, we will continue to emphasize execution in our core business and believe the trends in our key business drivers suggest a continuation of solid operating performance. As always, when entering a new fiscal year we will strive for balance in our results and seek to cover unexpected changes in our assumptions with the breadth of our growth opportunities. Additionally, as we have stated consistently, we will seek to balance growth, operating leverage and investment in the business. With that, we will now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone’s questions, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Jay, first question, please.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Thanks, Tycho. Yeah, the pharma quarter as we talked about was up 6% on a year of 10%. So I think the fact that we saw fairly balanced demand at the end of the year is evidence maybe to answer your question on budget flush that we did not see any significant budget flush. In fact, we saw the strength in our business generally across the quarter. And most of the growth in the quarter came from the smaller and specialty accounts, as we’ve consistently talked about, that we do have a broadening base of pharma demand that is not as reliant on the large pharma companies that have historically been a question of budget flush. And so, really you can see from the result in the fourth quarter growing more modestly than the year that we did not necessarily experience that type of flush. And I would also point though to the prior year where we had a strong pharma year as well in 2015. We saw the same pattern of moderating growth towards the end of the year. And so, when I look at the pharma performance for the company I really look at the total year result, which was that double-digit result. In terms of guidance and what we are assuming for 2017, to answer the last part of your question, I think we do what we always do is to be a little more moderate in our outlook and look at more historical trend lines, when forecasting a line of business such as pharma. And as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, we seek to achieve more balance across our portfolio at least from a planning standpoint. It doesn’t mean we’re not going to be going for upside like we’ve been able to achieve. But I think we’ve taken a very pragmatic outlook in terms of our guidance that we’ve given.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. Certainly, China and India as we pointed out had another strong year, and it’s a strong year on top of a strong year. Those performance trends reflect the underlying positive conditions in those markets for sure, but also the strength and consistency of our approach executionaly in those markets. But again, like the pharma story, when we look at guidance for the year, we do look to moderate our expectations to set a bar that we can achieve and don’t necessarily assume that everything goes right in every geography. And so, really when you look at what we’re assuming for 2017, it’s a moderation of the performance we’ve seen from 2016 and 2015, but again that’s a baseline and we’ll attempt to improve upon that over the course of the year.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. I think mid-single-digit overall guidance for our company is very consistent with the type of guidance that we’ve given heading into prior years, again, looking at an overall balanced portfolio, not assuming everything goes perfectly and wanting the ability to cover changes and assumptions overtime. I’d say that the historic rate of the pharma market for us has been a little bit better than mid-single-digits, more in line with the company’s sort of long-term trend line growth rate of around 6%. And I think it’s responsible to begin the year with that more moderate type of an outlook. But really underlying that is a set of market dynamics that we think are sustaining. We’ve talked about these in the past and certainly conditions we saw in the fourth quarter continue to reinforce to us that those core drivers are intact drivers such as the rapid rise of prescription drugs in the world really fueled by generics factors such as the increasing research and now commercial activity of large molecule drugs that carry with them, more significant characterization requirements due to the complexity of those molecules and just the general rise in standardization of regulation around the world, and that’s particularly fueling our business in the emerging markets like China and India. So really a lot of those drivers are very much intact. And again, we try to make prudent assumptions when we head into a new fiscal year.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Yes, I think our comments on the industrial sector reflect our own experience, particularly as we close the year. But also just the broader backdrop of what we’re seeing in the economy. And certainly, we are seeing probably a little bit better tone in the market among some of our end-customers in terms of capital spending. Now, obviously, we need that to be proven in terms of orders as we get into the year, but it does seem like the broad tone is a little bit better. In terms of the quarter, obviously, we had a good industrial quarter at 14% growth, and actually 6% for the year. So when you really step back and look at industrial for the company, there were definitely puts and takes, but a pretty solid performance for the year. At the top of the leader board if you will for the industrial businesses, indeed the food environmental, those applied markets, which are really a reflection of rising testing standards in the food safety industry and the continued adaption of LC-MS technology. We have a particularly strong product position right now in that area with our tandem quadrupole mass spectrometer offerings and that’s really a combination of the TQ-S micro, which has been on the market for several years, as you know, and the newly launched in 2016 product, the TQ-XS, which is our new high-end tandem quadrupole mass spectrometer. So we have a good product position, we have favorable trends in those market segments that are really leading our industrial category. The chemical, the fine chemicals market, the chemical materials market was softer during the year, but did have a rebound towards the end of the year and really normalized, I’d say in the fourth quarter for an overall year look. And so that would be really the next on the list. And perhaps hopefully signals some stability in the coming year. The TA Instruments business as we pointed out had a softer year, obviously on a tougher comp, but reflecting really a broad year of relatively soft demand in the material science, polymer and metals market. But, again, we feel really good about the TA franchise overall from the standpoint of the product position that we enter 2017 with. And so if there is a pickup in demand in those end-markets, we stand to benefit as we head into 2017.
Christopher O’Connell: Yeah, TA was soft in the fourth quarter and they missed their plan, and obviously we are not happy about that. But we also are putting the right context around that, which is they had a terrific quarter in the year prior. So they accomplished 15% type growth in the fourth quarter of 2015. As I pointed out in the prepared remarks, we did see a nice sequential improvement in the result in Q4 from three to four. And we are encouraged by the work they are doing in their pipeline. And so in terms of the year, we expect TA to have, we certainly model them in and around the corporate average, which is primarily organic growth, but we will get a small benefit from a small acquisition we made in 2016 that we talked about in one of the prior calls. But like I said earlier, we are really keying off of the Discovery product line as our main lever to achieve better growth in 2017.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Yeah, the government and academic market as we talked quite a bit about last quarter is smaller and lumpier. And we had a good quarter worldwide. It was strength in Europe and Asia, offsetting relative weakness in the U.S., but nothing off the radar. And for the year, the category overall was down in the low-single-digits as I pointed out. Like we’ve stated before, we always have relatively modest expectations for this sector, because it does tend to be lumpier and really more research-grade mass spec oriented. We do like our product position and to the extent there is an improved spending profile coming from those types of sources we stand to benefit. That market is generally driven by medical research where there is certainly a lot of interest in broad-based funding, and really is an interesting proving ground for the latest and most exacting measurement technologies. And so, we like the market. It’s a good market for us, but it is smaller and lumpier, and we have relatively modest outlook because of that.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. Isaac, that’s a good question. And I think I don’t have a very good answer. Market share as you point is tough to ascertain particularly the further you get out in the world and in different pockets. I would say that we had in Europe a particular success with our new Vion high-resolution Tof mass spectrometer in some of the key academic centers. It’s attracted some interest with an increasing perspective, I would say, on ion mobility in workflow, and a solid execution by the team. That was true in Asia as well. So whether we picked up share, it’s hard to say. Because of the lumpiness of those markets, I wouldn’t want to draw conclusions based on very limited data. But we obviously like the performance and we’re going to continue to attempt to play with a hot hand and as the year unfolds here.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ross. The instrument category, generally the hardware category, was pretty solid across the year. We had in total instruments 9% growth for the quarter and 6% growth for the year, which is really right in the zone of where we expected and hoped to be then with the recurring lines giving some improvement to that. And what was nice to see, particularly as we came to the end of the year was more balance between LC and MS. We were little softer in the beginning part of the year in the mass spec business, pretty solid throughout the year in LC. And really as we get towards the end of the year, seemed like better balance, and that’s in any time we see better balance, we’re encouraged. In terms of lumpiness, I guess, I’m still in the broad sense of the world getting to know the business and understand the different patterns. And there are always a lot of puts and takes. And so I tend to see the lumpiness factor within certain subcategories like government and academic, with more consistency in the bigger categories like pharma. And then really in that broadly defined industrial trade class, if you will, what I have been looking for is strength and consistency in the factors that tend to drive that category like the applied markets in food and environmental. And that was really a good story in the year driven by both a good product position as well as relatively healthy end-markets. And I think the trends that are driving some of those end-markets in the applied areas are ones that are sustainable, just because of the general rise of regulatory standards and expectations for quality and safety in the world’s food supply.
Christopher O’Connell: Yeah, I mean, the gross margin, just one quick comment and I’ll defer to John as well for any further comments. But the gross margin was relatively flattish. But keep in mind that a couple of key drivers for the business this year, for example were China and then broadly the global service business. Both of those areas of business tend to carry slightly lower gross margin, but they are accretive to the operating margin. And so really by the time we get down to the operating margin, one thing we feel best about over the course of the year was the modest operating leverage were able to achieve and the improvement in the operating margin really on an as reported basis as well as on a constant currency basis. And so, to get the 7% top line constant currency to reflect in double-digit operating income growth was a good achievement by the team and really reflected the mix of the business overall, rather than being too fixated on one particular line or the other. But it was good spending control. It was efficiency gains. And it was at the same time making sure we are making the right investments back into R&D and things that drive our growth for the future.
Christopher O’Connell: Jon, are you there? I think you got dropped somehow by the phone. But, Jon, if you call back in, we’ll take your question right away.
Christopher O’Connell: Now, I would say that we tend to be pretty consistent in our pricing philosophy. We do try to achieve annual modest and sustainable price increases, especially where we demonstrate that value to our customers. So I don’t think there is anything unusual in terms of our pricing policy or strategies right now related to FX. Obviously, we try to protect our revenue in some of the more volatile currencies through a combination of pricing in dollars and local currency. But I wouldn’t say there is anything unusual heading into this year.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. No, you have to piece apart the overall pharma picture and the U.S. picture to see some of the underlying points there. And like you point out, Jack, we are less dependent on large pharma. That’s been a consistent trend over time, where 10 years ago 25% of our pharma business was large cap multinationals and today that’s only about 11%. And so, it is a broadening base of that business and a globalization of that business. And when you really piece it apart, U.S. pharma was comparing to a tough year of 10% growth in prior year. And when you exclude the effects of some slightly negative government and academic and flattish industrial, U.S. pharma was more of a mid-single-digit, which reflected pretty good performance. And so, I think we generally feel good about the U.S. It’s sort of steady as she goes. And we continue to seek the balance that I described, but certainly not forgetting about large pharma. It’s been really our core customer base for a long time. And actually some of the most innovative work going on in the world right now is from the traditional large pharma companies. And we’re very excited to participate in that.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure, sure, now, fair question. First of all QDa, look, I think we’re - I know I have trouble hiding my enthusiasm of the QDa. QDa is a fantastic product. It’s revolutionary in terms of bringing mass spectrometry to a package that’s far more usable and integratable into many more workflows. The bottom-line is today mass spectrometry is used in far less than 10% of traditional chromatographic workflows. And so, you are only at the very beginning of mass detection. And this is particularly true as it relates to the use of QDa in mass detection generally in biopharma workflows as biopharma becomes bigger and bigger. And so it’s hard, it’s actually hard to put a specific number on percent penetration of addressable market, even though we do strive to do that, because the other thing we see is that new uses for QDa continue to present themselves. It’s a fairly diverse range of uses that people are finding for it. And we’ll put some more color on that when we get to our investor conference in early March. But we really do like the QDa platform and we like what it will do for the field of mass spectrometry broadly. In terms of the rhetoric in Washington, there is a lot of rhetoric for sure. To answer your question specifically, we’re actually relatively balanced today in terms of being a net importer or exporter. We’ve got a strong global manufacturing footprint with our major facilities between Singapore, Ireland, UK and the United States. And so from the standpoint of potential changes in corporate tax policy, we’re actually excited about some of those directions. Certainly, access to our global cash would be a benefit. Certainly, lower rates in the U.S. would be a benefit. And operationally, depending on how significant some of those changes are we’re in a good position based on that global footprint to move production to where it’s most optimized to benefit the company operationally, but also financially. So we’re watching all that very, very closely. I guess, I’m an optimist at the end of the day on matters like trade policy. I think we have too much to gain in terms of being a global economy. And while there is a war of words from time to time among different countries, I think the U.S. has shown over time to take a pragmatic view towards these questions and I think the U.S. economy will only benefit from that. So I’ll be an advocate for my chair in terms of free trade type policies and the growth of the U.S. economy as a result of that, which would only benefit our company and our industry.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Now, it’s a good question Amanda. We’ve seen this theme in different markets. And, for example, two, three years ago, four years ago, we saw this trend play out in India for example as the FDA took a greater interest in on-the-ground resources in India and as a lot of these Indian generic providers both local and multinational began their efforts to step up compliance activities. To your point, we are seeing that in China real time as the Chinese government is harmonizing on the greatest common denominator, which are the more exacting FDA-level type standards. We think we are in the middle of that. We are not going to try to predict how long that cycle may exist. We’re just focused on executing within it. But we do think at least in the near-term there is more runway there. I think this regulatory theme is not just one for the pharmaceutical market, but it’s also there for the food market as well. And actually it’s no coincidence that our food and applied franchise in China in particular has been a source of strength for the company. We do see over time more transparency in the supply chain for food from farm to market, and really the adaption of more sophisticated measurement technology such as LC-MS. And so we are trying to pursue those trends, we are trying to advocate with governments for responsible regulation in that regard. And we think we’ll benefit from it. But rising regulation is also a trend in the material sciences, as new materials become introduced for industrial products of all types. There are all increased testing standards and even regulation. So we think this regulatory theme is an important business driver for us and one we’re going to key off of.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, I’ll probably just give a simple answer to that, which is we think we have really great competitors. I have a lot of respect for the people we’re up against. The dynamics are different obviously in different sectors. In LC, market share tends to be stickier for obvious reasons related to the standards that endure in terms of the methods used to produce, develop and produce medications. Mass spec tends to be a little faster in terms of the innovation cycle and a little bit more dynamic in that regard. And don’t forget about competition on the service and chemistry side as well. TA Instruments on the material side faces a more fragmented competitor base than we do in the LC and MS business. But overall, I think we are up against smart, well-resourced disciplined companies. And I think that’s good for the business and for the markets, and for the customers. So I wouldn’t really want to say anything more than that.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. First of all, M&A was very, very minor, almost material. We had a tiny bit from the Rubotherm acquisition within TA, but it was almost not enough to comment on. Academic, yes, it was down in the quarter. We talked about that being sort of small and lumpy. There were one or two relatively modest examples of business that was pushed quarter to quarter, but that is also something that happens many quarters. There is always pushes and pulls. So we tend to look at that, as I said in the prepared remarks, that academic and government over a little bit more of a rolling period as quarters can, there is sometimes a lot of noise in various quarters.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, first of all, I think the regulatory drivers of our business have a lot more to do with the emerging markets harmonizing on more global standards. I mean, certainly I don’t expect - there is a lot of different types of regulations that I think people are probably talking about in some of those comments. But I don’t think we have any expectation that regulations around the safety of medical therapies is going to be rolled back. I don’t think there is any talk about that. I think there is a lot of talk about financial regulation, environmental regulation and some things of that nature. But there are lot of messages out there. And we just try to be a little more focused on what’s in front of us. But I would say the two overwhelming factors driving our view of this topic are again the harmonization standards around the world, particularly in the Chinese and Indias of the world. And I think there is also an underlying consumer demand for safety, for purity, for quality in products of all types, whether they’re medications, food or industrial products.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. I think it’s a good broad question, Vineet, as it relates to the - really the movement of a lot of biomolecules from the discovery and development phase into manufacturing. And there is ultimately going to be a technology set that may look quite different in that large molecule category than we see in traditional chemical entity type workflows. And this is why the company is positioned for that. You mentioned QDa and that’s certainly one aspect of it, but it also starts with separations and the advent of UPLC and the technology advantage we have on the UPLC side for speed and precision of a separation science is clearly a key driver. I would also say on the kits, in addition to the mass detection that we talked about with QDa, there is all the work around the kits required to characterize various qualities or molecules, for example in Glycans. You’ve heard us talk about Glycans and the GlycoWorks technology that it’s been a real boon to protein characterization; additionally, our package around ProteinWorks that goes even further. And then I really wrap it also with the comment on software. Please don’t forget about the importance of the data integrity equation that continues to impress us as a need in the market and the validated software that we offer. So anyway, we’ve put a stake in the ground a long time ago. We continue to develop this particular thought process around how the biomolecule world will increasingly look different. And we expect to share more insights on that when we get to our investor meeting in March.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks, Doug. And with that let me thank everybody for your great questions. Let me conclude the call now, please. So in conclusion, we are encouraged by our 2016 performance as we’ve described, really headlined by our ability to deliver strong organic top-line growth, modest operating leverage, and double-digit earnings per share growth. So as we move into 2017, we remain focused on delivering operating results, and feel that market conditions and our competitive position support continuing success. So on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. And we look forward to updating you on our progress during our upcoming investor conference as well as our Q1 2017 call, which we currently anticipate holding on April 25, 2017. Thanks very much, and have a great day.
Jack Meehan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. And maybe I just want to start off on FX and just what your thoughts are in pricing philosophy there and just more broadly what’s baked into the guidance on that front.
Jack Meehan: Yeah, I guess, just with some of the recent changes, whether it impacted the way that you think about setting price for some of your products.
Jack Meehan: Got it. Thank you. And then I just want to follow-up one more time on biopharma, getting a few questions on it. And I was wondering, just pairing your commentary around biotech and some of the smaller accounts driving a lot of the growth with the 2% organic you had in America, just what should be the read through in terms of the trends with large cap pharma and just the confidence looking into 2017 that that can continue to sustain the growth? Thanks.
