Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. Even through challenging times in the macroeconomic environment, we continue to come together as an organization to ensure we leave this world better than we found it. With our vibrant employee circles, we recently celebrated Pride Month as well as our Fantastic Women in Engineering. We also kicked off our third year of Water Student Academy, a summer program for high school students from underserved communities who are interested in exploring a career in science. We're also very proud recognized as one of US News & World Report Best Companies to Work For. So, with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Udit Batra: Thank you for your question Vijay and good morning. Firstly, on mass spec. Over the long-term, so over two years -- just to answer your question, over the two-year CAGR is in the high teens, the four-year CAGR is in the high single-digits to double-digits. The story with mass-spec, Vijay, is twofold. One is of execution and the other one is of the traction of our new products. On the new products, we launched the Xevo TQ Absolute, which meets significant unmet needs in the PFAS area where we're growing double the rate of the market. I think we've heard the market grows roughly 20%. We're growing double that rate. In that particular market, our mass spec instruments are seeing terrific, terrific traction in the high-risk space where there's additional funding that academic institutions have. And as you move to the biologics area and bioprocessing our LCMS tools like the BioAccord and the enhanced workflows that we've developed are gaining traction. So if you compare our 20% print in this quarter or year-to-date or even versus last year on stacked, it compares very favorably to some of the peers who -- some of the mass spec heavy peers who have already reported their results. So we feel very good that we're gaining share in this market. And mass spec goes from strength to strength. And to your question now on overall instruments, look, take a step back and when you look at the overall instrument performance for this quarter, it's roughly two -- roughly negative 2%. Now this is an illustration of two things: one, strong execution and traction of innovation in the US and Europe and, of course, additional weakness in China. Let me comment on both. Starting with US and Europe, instrument growth rate in the United States was roughly 15%. Europe was 11%. And China, of course, declined close to 25% for the quarter for overall instruments. Now if you look at it from a portfolio perspective, we've already discussed mass spec. Mass spec to 20%. TA continued to grow double-digit in this quarter, and this is basically meeting unmet needs in the battery segment and several other segments in addition to strong execution. You move to LC. And again, let me double quick on this to illustrate my point on execution and a bit of recovery that we're seeing in US and Europe. Whereas in China, we saw LC get significantly worse, minus 40-ish percent growth. In the US and in Europe, we started to see growth again basically 4% -- 3%, 4% growth in both of those geographies. And you'll recall, in the first quarter call, we talked about our conversations with several for large pharma customers, and I have personally spoken to them. And the quality of the orders that we saw from an instrument perspective was terrific. It was just that the funnel velocity was lower, right? So the funnel velocity is still lower, and that's the assumption for the back half of the year. But we are seeing those orders -- we saw those orders come through this quarter. In fact, we won several competitive bids with -- give you an example of one of the largest GLP-1 manufacturers, this is the anti-obesity drug, where we won a competitive bid and our UPLCs are going to be not just with the originator, but also with all the CDMOs who are going to manufacture this product. And the same thing is true for columns. So instrument growth rate has been -- again, it's a tale of two sort of stories where US and Europe are seeing a nice recovery, good execution, great traction of new products and a little bit of lack of visibility in China, especially in pharma. And then I think finally, in the prepared remarks, we showed you the long-term growth rate of instruments, roughly 5-ish percent CAGR with a 60-ish percent gross margin and the low SG&A, I mean, I'll take that business any day. Now if you compare it to historical trends, we see additional vectors for growth. Pricing is better than we've seen in the past by 100 to 200 basis points. We see prescription growth rates are going up, which is the single largest driver for growth of LCs, and we see additional users, especially in large pharma, environmental and food testing. So I hope that gives you a picture of our mass spec as well as our instrument growth rate and why we are positive about that business.
Udit Batra: Luke, that's a good question. And I don't think you'll hear us saying a lot different than what you've heard from many of our peers, right? In the long-term, China is a terrific growth market, we all know, right? And you've seen that through the history. But we saw in the second quarter a mid-teens decline in China. CDMOs got worse and people are just cautious, super cautious in spending in our pharma customers, across the traditional Chinese medicine customers, you see that permeating across the board. And it's not clear when that opens up. So we've assumed that for the full year, China is going to decline low to mid-double digits. Now when you look at -- and we've also not assumed that another stimulus is coming to grow the ANG market, and we've seen pretty dynamic growth for the first half of the year, that was driven by the stimulus that came late last year, and we've assumed that there's no stimulus coming for the balance of the year until we have clear visibility. So you've seen we've been very careful and cautious, but there's not a heck of a lot of visibility. What I'd like to remind you, though, from a Waters-specific case from 2016 to 2020, whenever Waters grew and whenever Waters growth rate fell, it was all correlated to China. This is very different now. We see that the US and Europe 2020, 2021 and now also 2022 and 2023, we seen US and Europe grow and contribute to growth really, really well in addition to China. So we feel that the business is very nicely diversified, and we see that we have growth in other geographies. And I'll conclude by saying China remains a dynamic market. Our teams have visited four to five times. The global teams have visited four to five times since the last time we spoke. And on the ground, you see incredible, incredible collaboration with our customers. You see, especially in the batteries market, China is well advanced of US and Europe, and we think the adoption for our TA products is going to grow much faster in China. If you go to the specialty diagnostics arena, China again, has been a front runner in adoption of mass spec in the clinical space, and we are working with several collaborators there to introduce our high-end mass specs in that workflow. And it's a matter of time that China will recover. We feel we are very well positioned to capitalize on it when it does. But in the short-term, you will not hear us say anything different about the visibility for the balance of the year than what you've already heard.
Udit Batra: Yes. And Dan, your line was breaking up a little bit. If I understand the question, you wanted a bit more color on pharma. And I guess you could ask, hey, you're seeing good trends in pharma or at least some recovery in both US and Europe. And recall that we talked about this in Q1, where we said we had conversations with large pharma players, and it was not a question of what, it was just a question of when they would place orders and some of those orders came through in Q2 and some fairly significant orders, right? I mentioned GLP-1 agonist. We are the UPLC of choice for a very large pharma manufacturer. In fact, both of them who are making GLP-1s columns replaced -- in our competitors' column, which is a rare, rare thing that happens in the industry because the customer said they wanted full end-to-end visibility on the supply chain. We are the only player in the industry who manufactures our own particles, our own columns, full end-to-end, and that gives us significant strength, right? So we saw share gain in pharma. We saw new products gaining traction in the bioprocessing arena. And you would have seen that we've just launched a column that is specifically targeted towards separating Adeno-Associated Virus. These are viral vectors used for set of gene therapy. And it brings me great pleasure to say that these are columns that are attached to our mouse [ph] instruments. So we are really executing well in pharma, wherever we have ability to access our customers and customers are purchasing. And new products are gaining traction. So for the second half of the year, we've just said, look, let's not just use one data point to extrapolate. We're looking for more data points, even in US and Europe, and we will gain even more confidence. But from where I sit today, I see excellent execution, excellent new product traction both in US and in Europe. And in China, like I said before, our visibility is just as much as others. And when China recovers, we'll execute like we're executing in U.S. and in Europe.
Udit Batra: So Derik, thanks for the question. We saw very modest drawdown in backlog orders were largely in line with sales for the quarter, and we see the same thing happening for the full year. That's the same assumption. So again, an indicator that says, like to the previous question, indicator that says that, look, trends are improving, especially in the US and in Europe for our large pharma customers and other customers. But yes, in this quarter, basically very modest single digit -- low single-digit million drawdown of backlog and the same assumption for the balance of the year.
Udit Batra: Derik, as a former academic myself, I can tell you we spend when we get the money. And when you get money like we like the academician are getting now, my old professors, my own colleagues, they spend as soon as they get it, right? So it pull forward or is it catch up, you cannot tell. It's a very -- it's a very volatile market. It goes up dramatically. It goes down dramatically. And it is correlated to only one thing, stimulus. And it is correlated to only one thing, stimulus. And you see stimulus coming across the globe. And what we've seen is dynamic growth in the US and Europe. And again, our mass spec portfolio -- the high res mass spec portfolio, our UPLC, our columns have done extremely, extremely well in this market around the globe, and we've won competitive bids across the board. So, I feel very good about our portfolio in that market, although it's a volatile market, it correlates very heavily with funding. I don't think it is catch up or pull forward. It is just opportunistic. When it comes, professors have money, and they buy. And I've done that myself as a previous academician.
Udit Batra: Matt, thank you for the question. You know that we closed the deal in this quarter. And really three drivers and we've talked about them in our previous discussions, and they're all contributing, right? The first one is column attachment to malls instruments, and this has gone as planned. Our columns are being shipped with the instruments as we speak. Second, in the column space itself, we've launched columns that are custom-made for solving problems for our customers, and in this case, our most recent X Bridge GTX column that we just launched and this is -- basically this was announced yesterday, but it's starting to ship now. There -- it speeds up measurements by over 50%, reduces sample size by 30% to a 100%. And that basically saves our customers a lot of samples. So, those -- that's already happening. Second, we have talked about lead generation. There are significant hundreds of leads that are -- that have been generated in -- especially in the US and in Europe, where there's a lot of access to our customers. And as emerging biotech and precommercial biotech starts to especially in the US, we're seeing the lead generation pick up quite dramatically and some of those leads have already been converted into sales. So, that's a contribution. And the third piece that you see, which our customers are extremely excited about is the software bridge. We've basically made a lot of progress in building a software bridge of our instruments to -- our LC instruments to our light scattering instruments or Wyatt light scattering instruments. So, progress on all of those fronts that we talked about, our teams are super excited, seeing quite a good traction from our customers, especially as we start to see recovery in pre-commercial biotech and we see this also in the Cambridge Mass area.
Udit Batra: Great questions, Josh, and thanks for the opportunity to comment on pharma more. Look, as we discussed in Q1, we are -- we see very high-quality funnels. We see customers who are really using our products to solve significant challenges. I mean the Alliance iS has gained a lot of traction on the small molecule side. On the large molecule side, we're seeing the BioAccord being used increasingly in bioprocessing applications. Our columns are doing very well. Our recurring revenues overall high single-digit for a very long time and pharma is no exception to that. You see all those trends playing out in both US and in Europe. That said, we have been cautious and we've said, look, we want to see more than one data point before we assume that the funnel velocities are increasing back to normal. They are slower across all market segments. We are seeing some green shoots in pharma for sure. We're seeing green shoots in biotech. Remember, precommercial biotech went cold both in US and in China altogether, in the US, we're starting to see that recover rather nicely. But I would like to wait for at least one more data point before I call it a complete recovery even in Europe and in the US So we are being a bit cautious with how we're seeing the funnel velocity. It's improved, but I'm not saying at this point that it's gone back to normal. But the quality of the discussions, the quality of the leads is really, really excellent across recurring revenues, meaning service, columns as well as instruments. And it's not just a mass spec story. LC is also doing pretty good and it's starting to do well in some of our pharma customers, as I mentioned, with the GLP-1 agonist where we won a competitive bid for UPLCs as well as our volumes. I'll let Amol comment on the guiding piece.
Udit Batra: So, when you -- so Josh, when you compare to previous years based on stacked and two years and four years stacked growth rates, Q3 or Q4 doesn't look any different than one another. And I think the question of budget flush, I mean both Amol and I have been on the receiving end of this when we were in pharma. The way it usually works is as you go through Q4, you see the CFO coming in and saying, hey, now I think I have visibility to my Q4 landing, go ahead and spend. And that's the dynamic that we've observed through and through all across our career. Even if it's a lower base, we expect that to modestly persist. But when you look at our competitors versus stacked two-year and four-year stacked growth rate, you don't see an acceleration in our assumptions.
Udit Batra: Crystal ball. Look, when I look at my crystal ball, I see tremendous unmet need in pharma. I see tremendous unmet need in the environmental segment with PFAS testing with battery testing in the industrial segment. And in pharma, in particular, I feel Waters is super, super well-positioned. Let me give you a couple of examples, right? We had the opportunity to comment on mass spec. There's a direct comparator when you just compare us to our peer group, we've grown 20% again this quarter, right, and you compare us to the ones we've already reported with my spec portfolios, they're a bit lower than this. So, we think we're gaining share with our new products. You think about our columns, right? I believe we have the best chemistry team in the industry that has really turned decisively towards solving problems for large molecules. And we've just introduced a column that's going to separate AAV and reduce sample size in that area dramatically, right? So, across the board, our innovation is targeted towards large unmet needs and we are gaining traction with our strong focus on execution. So, I think overall, we feel very good about how Waters is positioned. We feel we are already out-executing head-to-head many of our competitors in spaces where we're all together. And I expect that to be no different as the recovery accelerates. We're starting to see early signs of recovery in US and Europe. And again, as I said before, I'm not ready to call it yet until I have more than one data point. And as China recovers, we feel very well-positioned. So, yes, what we said on the Analyst Day still holds. Our core is very strong with strong new products with like Alliance iS, our adjacencies that we picked. We are already gaining traction across the board. And more on that as we go forward and we have more proof points in the other adjacencies as well, but feel extremely good about what we said. And finally, a comment on the margin. You've seen what we've done in Q2 and also the fact that we expect margin expansion both on the operating margin, 30 basis points on the operating margin for the full year despite the challenging environment, I think that should give you some confidence on the execution that we are seeing.
Udit Batra: Thank you. Thank you all for your questions and your participation today. And on behalf of our entire Waters team, I'd like to thank you for your support and your interest in Waters. Thank you, and have a wonderful day.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, a couple of things there, Vijay, right. I mean the step up on the growth is purely related to the baselining. So, if you look at it on a two-year or a four-year stacked basis, Q3 and Q4 guide is pretty consistent. So, on a four-year stack basis, both Q3 and Q4 are growing 6%. Two, if you sort of look at the ramp-up in dollar million sales. I mean we typically do 24% of our full year revenue in Q3 and about 30% in Q4. And so the guide is sort of consistent with that, with sort of tad caution on Q3. And so that's sort of consistent with the past. And it also sort of accounts for the fact that whatever we see in Q3 in terms of China slowdown and cautious spending with pharma will continue into Q4. And then as you look into Q4 EPS, you see a steep ramp versus last year of about 15% growth, but again, there are various factors that are contributing to it. I mean as Udit outlined, we've taken cost actions and a predominant portion of those cost action savings will show up in Q4. That, coupled with productivity gains that our teams have managed across pricing, across materials and freight, across other areas of procurement, those two things together, we get about 5% of that growth coming from the cost actions, another 3% to 4% of that growth coming out of productivity. So, that's the big portion of the 15% increase that you see in the EPS in Q4. The rest is there is 3% FX benefit. Wyatt is normal dilutive in Q4, so there is a net neutral impact there. And then there is the lower share count, about 1.5% underlying sales growth.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. And I mean if you sort of go through the individual components, right, China, as we said, is a low double-digit growth for the full year. It's slightly more elevated in the second half versus the first half in our guide assumptions. Rest of the world in the first half grew mid-single digits. The assumption for the second half is low single-digits. LC sort of grew mid-teens decline in the first half, and that's sort of also our second half assumption versus mass spec and TA. Just given the situation, and we've reduced it to sort of low to mid-single-digit growth for the second half of the year. So as you see, I mean, we've sort of risk-adjusted a big portion of our second half of the year given what's playing out in the market.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, Dan, look, I mean we looked at how things have progressed through Q2. And if you look at the regions, even outside China, we have meaningfully reduce our outlook for those regions. As I said before, those regions grew mid-single-digits. Outside China, we are now estimating low single-digits. Instruments declined low single-digits. We are assuming for the second half, it will decline mid-single-digits as growth normalizes for mass spec and TA. Even recurring revenues, we've sort of stepped them down from mid to high single-digits to mid-single-digits for the second half. And we sort of assumed A&G and industrial normalize in the second half of the year. Now, based on those assumptions, we think it's reasonable given how things are playing out, I think the one wildcard still remains how out of China plays out in Q3 and Q4 because we know China goes down fast, but it also comes back fast. We haven't assumed any second half China stimulus in our number. So, if that comes, it will be an upside. But otherwise, we feel comfortable where our guide is for Q3 and for the second half.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, I mean, Dan, look, I mean our teams in US and Europe see an exceedingly great job in Q2. Our win rates were up. They positively surprised us with great outcomes with the level of growth that they manage, right? As we look into the second half for those teams, right now, we've sort of tapered the guidance down to low single-digit growth in those regions. But the way our teams are executing in these markets gives us great confidence that they will be able to do a great job in these markets as things start to come back.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So look, I mean, on both the sides, our commercial teams as well as operations teams have done a great job through Q2. The commercial teams have delivered fantastic outcomes on price, which is flowing to our gross margin. And then on the operation side, we've sort of laser-focused on managing raw material costs, managing freight costs, optimizing freight lanes, consolidating freight vendors. And we've also focused on value engineering where possible to sort of work through specifications and reduce the cost of the product. And all that is playing out through our gross margin line, which expanded 230 basis points. And we think this outperformance will carry forward in the second half, which is why full year gross margin is 100 basis points up versus a year ago. We started on this journey of operational excellence two years ago, and it's starting to bear fruit. And we are really proud of what our teams have achieved in this space.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So I mean, Josh, if you look at our Q2 results and then look at Q3 and Q4 on a four-year stacked basis, they're all 6%. So what it essentially assumes is the dynamics that we saw in Q2, which was a demand slowdown in China and capital approval cycles becoming longer, we expect that to continue through Q3 and Q4. And hence, Q4 will sort of perform at the levels of Q2 on a stacked basis versus four years ago. Even on a two-year stack basis, the assumption there is our Q2 was roughly 6.5%, steps down to 5.5% in Q3 and further steps down to 5% in Q4.
