Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. [Audio Gap] Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, then John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the fourth quarter. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Ross, I'd say the disappointments that we see in generics has been there for a while, largely driven off India and the struggle with the Indian generic accounts. Outside of India and maybe the issues with the large Israel generic manufacturer, which has also been slow, the rest of the generic world has been okay. In the ethical pharmaceutical world, I would say the large dynamic -- most significant dynamic that we're seeing is -- can probably be characterized as restructuring. And the layoffs that are going on, many of which are focused in R&D, that's certainly where we're seeing kind of the most delays and issues in programs that we had identified through our marketing and sales efforts earlier in the year. They're not lost; they keep just being pushed back. We don't see big programs there going to competitors, so we don't think it's a market share issue. We think it's just one of continued delays, as they struggle with kind of dealing with their own economic issues. I'd say that's the main things we see going on in pharma.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. I think the China issue, we really do believe it's more of a short-term issue than a long-term issue. We've seen symptoms like this on the fringe before. But this quarter, it was a more significant issue really with delays in importation and tax paperwork. These orders can come through in significant amounts, but -- and so they indicate the real demand, and the customer is settled on you and has tendered the order. But in most cases, you can't ship it until there's a valid tax certificate, so that the government lab doesn't have to pay a tax or an import tax on that. For the first time, we saw a number of those kind of issues push out from the third quarter. And to the best we can determine, it was somewhat serendipitous. It wasn't indicative of a government edict coming down. And in fact, we've seen some of those ship early in the fourth quarter. So we don't believe -- we're watching it very closely. We still have reasonably high expectations for the China business. We don't think there's anything fundamental on the demand side of the equation, but it was a pretty significant surprise to us that those multimillion dollars of shipments that we thought we were going to come got pushed from the third quarter into the fourth.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That's clearly happening, Dan. They're changing many of their programs from small to large. So we do think we're in somewhat of a shift -- a technological shift. Long-term, that should help us, because those large molecules are more intensely invested in our type of technologies, particularly high-end mass spectrometry. But it's still at the early phase. There's still -- I believe longing out the replacement cycle and a lot of this small-molecule areas, we clearly see somewhat of an aging of workforce systems in the mainstream QC areas. And so whether they're ramping up significantly in the bio area, we've seen a lot of programs, a lot of interest in early-stage programs. But I can't say that we've seen the release of orders that offsets the dynamics that we're seeing in small molecules.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think we've seen some of that, and that's helped to offset some weak conditions in big pharma. But I think a lot of that in those small bio, it's still early phase, and they are still not fully investing at the pace of a big pharmaceutical company. We're seeing good results from that segment of the market in our high-end mass spectrometry, SYNAPT and QTof, and we had a good quarter in the high end in that segment of the marketplace. But you don't see quite the same large volume of QC systems that flow into that segment of the pharma market.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Dan, I think it's a very -- it's a hypo question. The ACUITY penetration in early-stage R&D and even middle-stage R&D in pharma continues to be very strong. We see no -- very clear that our belief is that UPLC takes over that market long-term as it continues to be strongly indicative by the facts. The stick-up of UPLC in downstream applications continues to be disappointing, I'd say. I think that's also a function of this reluctance to move processes and kinds of change in restructuring in that industry. Things tend to -- the decision-making tends to slow down. And it's very clear that we've had trouble penetrating into the downstream applications with ACQUITY. So I think that's been a factor in this. I think that -- it's been as much, though, a factor of the whole issue of how pharma have used their investments in the various segments of the market, particularly in a period when most of the major pharmas are going through some period of restructuring. So I think what's -- we clearly continued to see very strong results coming out of our consumables business. No sign that that's slackening off. So overall, we're still very happy with the UPLC, but we're still struggling. We're trying to get the downstream penetration.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, clearly, the clinical applications, if you look over a 5-year period, have been amongst the strongest growth applications for us. Unfortunately, it's still a relatively small piece of our overall revenue base, something a little less than 10% of our revenue base. I think the encouraging thing is that there are many applications that are being worked on in the field, as well as with us, that offer a great deal of optimism long term. But it's -- they're not ready to break as we speak. We clearly see much penetration in neonatal screening, in any rejection -- a rejection in immunosuppressant drugs. We continue to see a lot of interest and activity in pain monitoring and in drugs of abuse testing. Probably even more so -- probably see in drug testing more opportunity to move GC applications into broader-base LC/MS applications. So, I mean, the level of activity grows significantly quarter-by-quarter, but I can't point to you one specific application that I think is going to dramatically multiply the business in the short term. There's some promising things, but, I think, right now, we'd be happy with saying, we continue to see good double-digit-type of annual growth opportunities. But it'll still take a while for that to make a dent into our traditional analytical laboratory business.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the -- that the market facts, Doug, don't take the LC marketplace. I don't -- we track in certainly annual context, which, I think, is probably the only relevant one because quarterly dynamics swing around quite a bit. There's no indication of loss market share. I would say, there's more evidence of gradual accretion in market share in our LC business. So it certainly is a notion that all of us who service the pharmaceutical industry and have suffered through swings in the industrial market have faced the same dynamics, and I don't think we're doing worse. I think the evidence suggests we're doing better. It's doing better in a tough market, I agree. And certainly, in the thermal analysis marketplace, I think the evidence is strong that we continue to gain share. So that brings us to the mass spectrometry piece of the market, and I think that clearly is a tougher call, and that's subject to quarterly swings that can move one way, one quarter, and another way, another quarter. We're clearly -- with our QDa, I think that we're moving things on the analytical benchtop level of the marketplace. We think we have a good strong offering on the high-end. The area that's challenged right now is that pharmacokinetics drug metabolism segment of the pharma market that competitors have launched some new products, I think that's introduced some level of reevaluation in that customer segment. Now to be fair, we haven't been the strongest players in that segment of the market. Our triple quads have been more targeted at the applied marketplace and the food and beverage segment of the market where we continue to do well. So I think, on balance, I think that's a pretty good picture. I think that the marketplace has suffered, and we continued to look to try to manage our resources and our expenses as prudently as we can. Absolutely, when your growth rates are in the low single-digits, that's tougher to do than when they're approaching double digits. But we feel that we have an obligation to manage the business as well as we can. We don't think that we're cutting into the muscle and sinew of our R&D operations. We've always had a very productive R&D organization. And if you go back 20 years, you'll see that we've spent less as a percentage of sales on R&D than almost everybody in our industry, and we're not spending markedly less as a percentage of sales today than we were then. So we think we're rightsized, but we continue to look at all of our projects, and we will not be constrained to spend on a major project that we think pays off long term.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That's certainly our thinking at this point in the process, Doug. I think you summarized it pretty well. We do firmly believe that this pent-up replacement demand in our biggest customer segments. Now I thought we'd begin to see some of that work its way through. We think 2014 sets up well with that. We have a great new product that I've talked about here, that's not the only set of new products that we'll be talking about as we move into 2014. And you're right, you hate to say a low base prepares you well for the future but that is the fact. I think cautious optimism about next year is a fair picture.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, Isaac. Actually, the QA/QC segment of the business was okay. It was much more of the research side of the marketplace that was slow, and that was certainly true in the consumables side of the business, where samples, overall, may be a little bit less in India because of the issues facing the generics. But overall, the chemistry business can continue to crank along. So I would say, while we're seeing -- we're not seeing the kind of pickup in QA/QC moving UPLC in there, the more traditional hardware is doing fine.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think a segment of the QA/QC market that is likely to pick up is India, where most of that business is QA/QC. It's not research-oriented. And we know that there's pent-up replacement demand in India. So they still have to work their way through the rupee. They still have to make their way through some regulatory issues, but we're finally beginning to see some of the near-term interest pick up in India that says, "You've got to get back to investing for that marketplace." I think in the U.S., I don't think that the dynamics are as noticeable as we look at it today. I'd say what we're expecting is kind of more of the same as we move through the next 2 or 3 quarters.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: An update on the CEO transition process, I think you've read the announcement -- the Board has very active committee that's meeting very regularly, but we're at the front-end of the process with senior management kind of committed to seeing this process through to a very favorable conclusion. I suspect that we won't have a whole lot to talk about maybe for the next 6 months anyway, Isaac, so absent any unusual events, that's what I'd lead you to think about.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it's not a finite answer, Peter. I've seen big pharma over my lifetime here at Waters go from a very formal 8, 9, 10-year replacement -- stated replacement cycle on HPLCs to 6-year replacement cycles that was either driven by a perception that technology changed or service costs crossed the productivity timeline. It took you too much to keep an existing system operating versus replacing it. I think what we're seeing now is kind of situational as various companies struggle with kind of what they want to be when they grow up, and you see some companies announcing thousands of people being laid off. In times like that, I think decision-making changes and common processes begin to be talked one way or another. I'd say we clearly have aging systems in the pharma marketplace that are aged greater than they were 3 or 4 years ago. And I just think physics demands that those things build up to a point and then have to be replaced, because the technology other than moving towards UPLC, you're not going to change the process of chromatography as your continued workhorse technology here. So I'm betting, and certainly our plans call for that to kick in. And it's a matter of how much and when, but we're pretty certain that it's a dynamic that's going to kick in.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I don't think so. I think, to some extent, at different phases of their development, biotech invests in different technologies. That's clearly true on the process side where fermentation technologies prevail versus typical small molecule synthesis technologies. I think the downstream applications as -- particularly when you move into things like biosimilars, really works in the favor of our type of instrumentation, where you have to do much greater characterization of molecules as they come off QC to prove that you've got the right molecule synthesized. So I don't think long term that we see the investment being significantly lower. We do clearly see it as being more mass spec-centric in the biotech world. But then again, all mass specs require a very strong HPLC or UPLC on the front end. So I think it's a very beneficial segment of the marketplace, but probably takes a little bit longer to develop from the beginning stages through the full production stages.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think that was me who commented on it. We clearly have seen competitive introductions of new tandem quadrupole instruments in the past several months. And we've seen competitors report that they had a pretty good quarter in that segment of the market that they traditionally have the highest market share. So we're not -- I don't think we're terribly surprised by that. As it relates to market shares, though, that's been a marketplace that we haven't penetrated to a large extent. That's kind of been the province of one of our competitors. So when they're coming off several years of slower growth and they introduce a new instrument, I'm not terribly surprised that they do a pretty good quarter of penetrating in the first quarters of their introduction. I think over the next several quarters, you'll see that modulate, very unusual to see fundamental market shares change on the basis of 1 quarter's dynamic. You got to look at market shares over a longer term period, and when the face of a brand new introduction, like somebody has a strong presence in that segment of the market, that's not surprising. Come back and talk to me in 1.5 years and see if it continues to grow at a double-digit rate in those applications, and I think you'll be on firmer ground saying that fundamental market shares have changed. But I don't think that's likely to happen.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say in its broadest terms, Dan, it's moving in the direction that we anticipated. All big pharma accounts have talked about moving their development towards large molecules and away from small molecules and have been for many years now. So we're clearly -- have had fair warning about the direction of their development. Certainly, the small pharma startups have been almost all into the field of biotech. I would say the movement of those into therapies has been maybe slower than they and we believed -- and I think the movement into actual production has somewhat slowed the uptake of downstream technologies. So these things have stayed in development longer than people believed. And the movement to biosimilars, which, I think, also is something that's fundamentally attractive to us, has been a little slower than -- a lot slower in the U.S. but slower overall than the industry anticipated. I'd say around the corners and the fringes of the strategy, we've seeing some changes. But in general, this movement, the large molecules, I think, is pretty clearly as described.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it depends. In terms of the way we approach the clinical market on kind of an application-by-application basis, we've been pretty successful in developing the applications and things like Vitamin D and things like pain monitoring, where we have largely done those kinds of things on our own. Now we partner in the neonatal business, largely because of the proprietary chemistry capabilities that we didn't have, and we saw it as appropriate to access that marketplace. We're -- there are some interesting things that could emerge on the clinical market that I'm kind of not ready to talk specifically about that might well offer big mainstream applications that if we develop it to a point, we might well think of a broader partnering with somebody who's more intense in the clinical or medical device marketplace. I think that's the topic, probably, for some time next year. But in the applications that we think will build into our 2014 kind of budget, those are things that we think we can largely develop on our own.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. Sure, Tycho. I think -- although I think I laid it out pretty explicitly. I think the growing more slowly than some of our peers, you have to see chapter and verse. I'm aware of one mass spec vendor who after 3 years of below average growth has talked about 1 quarter of good mass spec growth. So if you consider that a massive share change, then, I guess I've got to give you that. In the LC area, we track -- we have information from the industry. We have industry from almost everybody in the world, who imports LCs, and we have very clear indication that not only are we not losing share in the LC marketplace. Again, over a multi-year period, we're in a difficult market, grant you. We're probably gaining share. So -- and I think TA Instruments, although a smaller part of our business, has very clear indications of the same. Now having a good share position in a very tough marketplace can be -- it's not the strongest place we want to be, but I think those are the facts. A lot of -- almost everybody else in our world is doing significant acquisitions that sometimes muddy the field of what organic growth is and versus acquired growth. So obviously, I can't necessarily see my way through all of those dynamics but I try to look at the core data that I can get through other sources. And I'm frankly just not convinced that any of these share moves are fundamental. So if you've got better data than that, I'd be delighted to look at it, but I have trouble getting my hands on it, Tycho.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The question about -- I guess, should we lower price is the question. I think that's a terrible idea. I think between Art and I, over 30 years in this industry with regularity, both internally and externally. People have suggested that we should cut our prices to gain market share. We've successfully fought off that strategic initiative for 30 years, and I think the long-term evolution of this marketplace is, I think, the same as it was 10, 15 years ago. The customers want performance, they want productivity, they want service, they want reliability and they continue to tell us that price is very low on their list, assuming that they can get everything else. I think we'll stick with the strategy that we've employed. I don't see anything out there that suggests this time is different.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Operator, we've hung on here for a while, past our normal closing date to kind of be sensitive to people's morning schedules. Maybe we could take one more question and then call it a morning.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I would say that we saw stronger performance in the applied segment of the marketplace. We're seeing a great deal of interest in some of our new technologies, including our new ROI system from the main line chemical industrial players. But it's early on as they think about switching segments of their marketplace. John, in TA...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay. Operator, I think we'll close it off at that point. I want to thank everybody for their attendance and we'll look forward to talking to you again in January. Thank you.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q4 2013. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, in Part 1 under the caption Business Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings call and webcast is currently planned for January 2014. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Quarterly Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Non-GAAP Financials included in this morning's press release.
John A. Ornell: Yes. There wasn't anything meaningful on the acquisition impact that rounded this one way or the other. And from a backlog perspective, we were able to take down some of the backlog that we had planned in the Waters side of the business. On the TA side, though, we ended up not quite getting as far as we thought we would. But as you saw in the strength that we had in that business, we ended up with a very good result anyway, and we think there's probably a little more opportunity in the TA side in Q4. Perhaps not so much with the Waters Division as a result of pulling some of that down in Q3. But overall, it wasn't quite as meaningful as we had originally thought as a result of some technical issues that were resolved very late on the TA side. I'd say the only dynamic there, Dan, might be as it relates to China. And we were a bit surprised at some of the lags there and getting those certificates that Doug mentioned. And we're hopeful in the fourth quarter that, that growth can accelerate, and we don't see it -- we might not get back everything that we've put in the backlog in the quarter, but I don't think we're going to add to it in the fourth.
John A. Ornell: Yes. On the backlog side, Tony, we did convert the piece that we thought we would in the Water side of the business. We didn't on the TA side as a result of a late fix to some of the acquired technologies that were in the works. There was a piece remaining that will come out in the fourth quarter per plan. So in sum total, there wasn't a big difference in expectation versus where we landed, though on the TA side, like I said, there'll be a little bit more coming in Q4 than we originally thought.
John A. Ornell: Sure. Within the quarter, FX is still the biggest play on the margin front. The impact of the yen that we've been talking about, that's throughout the year that remains in place. Euro got a little stronger in the quarter, but still at the end of the day when you add up the currency FX versus prior year in the quarter, there's still about 70 bps of margin deterioration versus prior year, which wasn't much different than what we had anticipated. The software amortization costs that are in this quarter on a relatively low sales base as we ramped that product introduction up, cost somewhere around 30 bps in the quarter overall. And then we had a shift of product shipments in Q3 towards Tof, away from triples. There's a meaningful margin differential between the 2, and that added about another 30 bps, which was beyond what we had anticipated at the start of the quarter, so that explains the -- about 130-ish bps in margin deterioration. And again, that's probably the only difference versus guide our expectation would've been that Tof versus triples piece.
John A. Ornell: No. That is being taken into account. So as I look at the fourth quarter now, I'm assuming that we're going to have stronger Tof business and a somewhat weaker triples business. As Doug had said during the quarter of introduction of new products like we saw in Q3, with a couple of introductions on that front, there's no doubt that people are doing demos, people who are, perhaps, still likely to buy our tandem quadrupole or at least got to look to see what else is out there. So I am accounting for the fact that even in the fourth quarter, we'll continue to see some of that dynamic and we're likely to see better growth in Tofs and triples.
John A. Ornell: Yes, I think from an operating leverage perspective, Tycho, we would be continuing to look to provide some level of operating leverage, even if we continue to live in a mid single-digit type world. Yes, it's tough to do that, but as Doug said, it's our obligation to find ways to do that, so we'll be able to create operating leverage at that top line rate. We will be able to continue with the share repurchase programs being the fundamental use of cash. And then on the tax rate side, I mean, outside of the R&D tax credit that kind of doubled up this year, I don't see any reason that our tax rate is going to go up or down for mixed reasons as I think about '14. As we think about beyond '15, we do have to consider that we do have a treaty with Singapore that expires, that we will be looking to see how we manage that. That will be an activity that will take place probably mid next year to get ready for that in early '16. So it's a little early to say what -- how much success we'll have on that front. But to the extent that we don't, there's probably a point or 2 of overall impact that could be negative as we think about the rate all the way up to '16. But certainly for '14, I would say, on the side of it, of not doubling up on the U.S. tax credit piece, there shouldn't be a meaningful change in the tax side.
John A. Ornell: TA had a good quarter actually right across the 3 months, and they had a somewhat strong product line. They had, across the quarter, as we said, a backlog that helped a little bit, not to the extent that we thought, but I would say, right across their end markets. They saw reasonably good demand. They didn't have as much of a government impact in the U.S. as we might have thought. So I would say that as we look at TA's business right across their various segments, there isn't one that stood out as being meaningfully weak. It was across the board.
John A. Ornell: There's no doubt that we did have a situation with the window being closed a bit longer in the third quarter, so the buying opportunity was a bit limited. So we will pick that pace up in the fourth quarter to get that closer to the targeted level of about $300 million or so in repurchases. So I'd say there's -- nothing's changed in our strategy, with the announcement that went out late August, we kept the window closed just to be safe.
