Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Hey, Dan. It's Chris. Thanks for the question. I'll pick a first run at it, and Gene can add. But it's been, obviously, a key focus of ours to monitor the underlying market dynamics in biopharma, which were solid throughout the year, as we mentioned in the call in the fourth quarter, with the tough comparison this segment for us grew 6%, and then double digits for the year. Obviously, we think we're seeing a trend in the market towards a broader and more diversified pharma end market that's not nearly as concentrated in the traditional large pharmaceutical companies as it has been in the past. But we're seeing a lot of activity in the biotech world, in specialty pharma. And, obviously, our generics business, particularly in India, has been a major source of growth. Yes, the comparisons are tough, but we do anticipate that the market trends that we're seeing in every phase of the pharmaceutical market from discovery and development, all the way through QC and production, are to remain relatively stable. And so, we are going to continue to strive for good growth in this segment.
Christopher O'Connell: I don't know, Dan. I think it's hard to tease out that particular factor in the biotech sector. What I've noticed, and I've been out into the market quite a bit visiting customers, in terms of the large biotech companies as well as a number of start-up companies is there is a rush of innovation in that industry. And you probably have the statistics better than I do on R&D spending and the ramp in R&D spending in that area. But the complexity of the molecules that are being worked on in the discovery phase, the development phase continues to grow, and the demand for more characterization is there. And so, we're seeing a nice, steady trend in that area. We're also seeing our technology being adopted in new and different ways throughout the manufacturing process. For example, I was visiting a major biotech customer recently on the West Coast, and our QDa system was identified by that company as a new entrant in their quality control process to ultimately replace the peptide mapping that occurs at the end of manufacturing for quality control. So, we see a lot of opportunities as the biotech business continues to evolve.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yeah. Let me comment, Ross, specifically on China and India as good sources of growth that I mentioned, although it is a balance, and there's other geographies in the emerging markets such as Brazil and Russia and some of the Eastern European countries that are slower that's more than being offset by China and India in particular. And when you mentioned the instrument demand, one of the differences in a market like that is we are still being driven by new placements. So, there is the traditional replacement business. There's obviously a strong recurring revenue piece particularly on chemistry consumables, the columns as well as the service piece. But we're still increasing our installed base which is a good trend because that's going to be followed by the recurring revenue streams as well. As it relates to the rupee and some of the local currencies and those types of markets, I'll have Gene comment a little bit further, but a lot of our billing is actually in dollars in those geographies. And so, we're watching that closely, but as we build those types of markets, we tend to go first in dollars and try to stick to that factor, which will lend stability to our business over time. So, really, we'll continue to focus heavily on India and China because together those two geographies are 20% of our worldwide revenue growth, and while growth always isn't in a straight line, and sometimes can be lumpy, those markets both appear to be some of our strongest long-term growth opportunities overall.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Happy to comment on it, Dan. As I have been very consistent all along, I see M&A as a tactic that could be employed to deliver our business strategy. We will not see M&A generally as an ongoing strategy. We're focused first on the basic strategic questions of where we want to compete and how we want to compete. And if opportunities present ourselves to make a stronger and more effective from either a product line or a channel standpoint and if we apply our rigorous financial discipline to that type of an investment, we will assess that. But there's nothing in the environment now that would accelerate our appetite for M&A per se. We're focused, first and foremost, on organic growth driven by innovation.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. That's a good question, Jon, and one that I look forward to engaging deeper in over time. Let me start with where you began. You're right, mid-single digit is I think a very solid outlook for this year, particularly on the strong base of 9% growth the last year and really that's based on a pretty broad set of drivers. We've talked about solid underlying market conditions whether that's in pharma or some of the geographies that we've mentioned. Certainly, the recurring revenue stream after a strong 2015 good outlook, consistent with historical trends. The new product uptake that we've talked about in terms of products launched last year but even some of the prior years. And in the mid-year, we're going to see a little bit of TA acceleration as well with their new product platform, internal analysis. And really, as we look at the year, we want to continue to focus on a number of these levers that we can pull, but also have a spending plan that really is designed to drive growth. And so as we see opportunities to take advantage of revenue growth in the market that we are positioned to take advantage of that. Obviously, the more we grow in the top-line, the more operating leverage we would feel comfortable shooting for and we're going to continue our regular share of buyback program. So, when you bake all that in, we do expect EPS leverage as you pointed out in the range you pointed out. And as I look at the long-term model, I guess, there's still a lot of work we need to do on strategy to really characterize what we think our top-line growth opportunities are. But we're going to probably stay consistently focused on trying to gain some modest array of operating leverage, while investing for growth but also that financial leverage. At this point, it's – I have not set a long-term aspiration for earnings per share growth, but we certainly want to be best-in-class and industry-leading in that regard.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Thank you, Jon. Yeah. Over the last years, we have been engaged in some major facility builds and also some facility improvements. Specifically, you all recall the new mass spectrometry center in Wilmslow, UK. And over the past couple of years, we've embarked on the modernization program for our headquarters in Massachusetts. And I think that we're still in the midst of that Massachusetts upgrade. I think that 2016 will be another year of investment on that front. Obviously, the Wilmslow facility is behind us. So, as I think about capital expenditures for 2016, I think they're going to be in a similar range to 2015. And I think there's an opportunity to, maybe, see a little bit of easing on that as we move into 2017 and beyond.
Christopher O'Connell: Tim, yeah, that's a good question and I would say I'm still early in my process of gaining more to feel for how some of those funding patterns work, A, and B, how they affect our business. I would just caution by saying that that particular segment of our business, biotech and CROs, is a smaller portion of our overall driver. And so, even if there are modest or moderate short-term patterns of the nature you described, it's not necessarily a major driver, and obviously, we're trying to build balance in terms of our business not just tied to new funding cycles and early innovation, but development programs that are occurring throughout the entire life cycle for those companies all the way to including the production environment and the advent of the biosimilars world. We're looking to gain further insights into exactly that question you asked over the course of the year and we'll update you with what we learn.
Christopher O'Connell: I don't know. That's the type of question that I am trying to get out in our own strategic planning process and I'd like to go through that first before I put that type of number out to the Street.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Sure. Med tech is not uncyclical. I guess, I'd say there are our own cycles in med tech, and certainly, some of the businesses that I was involved in had a large capital component to them and some of the same underlying dynamics. So, I'm actually finding some perhaps more similarities than differences as I get into the life sciences tools area. But really, the big lessons from med tech, from my standpoint that I'm really trying to apply here are to continue to sharpen our focus on innovation and where maybe in the med tech world, the goal was to drive new therapies to standard of care, the goal here in our measurement business and our analytics business is to drive our technologies to standard of analysis to have very positive beneficial impacts on our customers. So, some of those underlying principles of innovation and market development are really at the forefront of my mind as we strive to continue our track record of being a strong grower.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. It's a good question. And, again, the industrial sector is really about a third of our business overall and that includes industrial, chemical, food and environmental. And if you break it down from there, one of the course of that is the food safety and the food security business and that whole area is maybe can be thought about a little bit differently than the, which you might consider to be the core industrial segments. I'm still trying to get my arms around what the global recession, if you will, means for some of these end markets. Our business in these areas and particularly in TA, you mentioned TA is very, very diversified geographically and very diversified in terms of customers with very few customers that represent a significant portion of the business. And so, we're just trying to work collaboratively with these customers to make sure that they can continue their investments in our products, in their capital throughout this cycle. There undoubtedly are effects in certain end markets, certain geographies and certain customer segments but at this point in time, we are just trying to manage through that, and we'd certainly highlight any major dislocations or gaps as we see them materialize.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. So, thanks for commenting. And that we put out the press release yesterday on an organization evolution. And really, this was a carefully planned evolution as Art Caputo has contemplated retirement. And it's been a very smooth process. Art is a remarkable person. And really, the team that he's developed, the talent there is truly impressive. And so the opportunity to promote from within. So, we have a new structure that is going to enable me to be one step more hands-on. It's going to, I believe, accentuate our competitive advantages by organizing around major product groupings in terms of the platforms group and then the applied technologies group which combines our strength in chemistry service and informatics. It gives us the opportunity to have an integrated go-to market organization, sales and marketing under another leader. And really, what we're going to do is we're going to evolve into a set of operating mechanism that are very crisp and very regular in terms of enabling each of those large functional leaders to translate our strategy to execution, and to do so in a very efficient way. So, those processes are well under development. We really don't expect to miss a beat. This is a very senior and experienced leadership team in this industry, in this company. And I have a lot of faith in the structure moving forward. I'm excited about it.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. And Isaac, as I think about new products and given the pattern of how new products are introduced, I do take a little bit of a longer view than just those introduced this coming year. We will have some new products this year that we are not in a position to announce yet, that we'll just add to our portfolio. But with the way I think about it is the uptake of products that have been, that are early in their cycle and certainly the ones to highlight the build upon our traditional platforms of Alliance and ACQUITY would be the QDa mass detector that we've talked about, that's a couple of years in the market but really on a pretty steep curve, as well as the TQ-S, XevoTQ-S micro, which has really turned into kind of a work force product in mass spec applications particularly in applied markets like food and environmental. And then the ACQUITY Arc, which Gene and Art just talked quite a bit about and now the latest one is the Vion IMS QTof that's really going to bring new dimensions to defining resolution in the marketplace. And so, I'm looking at those four products, for example plus some other things for later this year and certainly expect those to be incremental growth drivers above what you might model to be an expected market growth rate of our core platforms in Alliance and ACQUITY. In terms of putting a very specific number on that, I guess, I am still early in my process in terms of understanding what type of statements we want to make and goals we want to set for the contribution of new products. But it's going to be a continuing theme every year. We added several points last year, and I expect that it'll be – that category of newer products will continue to be accretive to our core growth rate.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. No. That's a good question and it's something I'm laser-focused on because innovation is my number one priority in terms of our growth model. And, really, obviously, trying to get my arms around the overall R&D portfolio and the productivity of it and how we allocate resources to the most promising growth initiatives. But 2015 was a really big year for R&D. We increased R&D spending, M&A has reported basis of 10%, then upwards of mid-teens on a constant currency basis. And that brings our R&D spending up closer almost to the 6% type of level on total revenue. But also, keep in mind, we have a significant service portfolio, which doesn't have the classic R&D spending, if you will. So, really, R&D spending could be thought of as a little bit higher than that. In the coming year, I expect, we'll increase R&D spending slightly faster than revenue, probably not as faster than revenue as it was in 2015, because we want to make sure that we can be as productive as we possibly can. But it's really, in terms of the evaluation of when and where to accelerate it, it comes down to a portfolio set of decisions. And I look forward to giving you some more detail over the course of the year as I get my arms further around that portfolio allocation and where I see the better opportunities in the portfolio.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Sure, Doug. I think it's a fair question to always wonder about the different components. I would say everything we saw throughout the quarter was within a range of what we expected. And there's always different dynamics at different points in the quarter, but I wouldn't call it anything unusual as it relates to order bookings and what the book looks like coming into this year.
Christopher O'Connell: Hi, Doug. Why don't I just start on that? If I take a look at the spending in the base year, 2015, I think what you saw is us ramp spending across the year, ramp spending up on the SG&A side, more on the S side and on the R&D side. And that's just in response to what we have seen as a very healthy end market. And that includes 2014 as well as 2015. And so, as we enter 2016, we are going to start the year off comparing against expenses earlier in the year that were not as high as they were at the end of the year. So, from that regard, it's a little bit of tougher base of comparison. We also know that in our business, the second half of the year is more impactful in terms of sales than the first half of the year. And frankly, it's further away. We look at the mid-single-digit top line growth as something that's very reasonable given the strength that we had in 2015, delivering a high-single – almost a 10% growth rate for the company. So, hopefully, we believe that we have a spending plan that will support a stronger top-line growth rate, but at this point, so early in the year, it doesn't make sense to anticipate that demand will create another top-line performance as we had in 2015. So, we're giving guidance with a high degree of confidence that these are numbers that are achievable, even if not everything materializes in a positive direction.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Jeff, to comment on TA, we did see a nice acceleration at the year, and TA, that's really a broad-based variety of factors. And one element of which is some of the more newly-acquired businesses that we picked up over the course of the year and the prior years as we build capacity. As you know, one of the elements of the TA business model is to do small tuck-in acquisitions that are under-resourced in terms of the previous companies they were in, and it takes us a little bit of time sometimes to build up that capacity, and we saw some of that towards the end of the year. And really, as we look to 2016, we do see some carry forward there to your point. But also the main event in 2016 for TA is the midyear launched of the new discovery series, thermal analysis family. It's an exciting new product platform that'll really pave the way for the next level of evolution of that product line and solid growth for the next couple of years. So, we're excited about that. Gene, there was one for you.
Christopher O'Connell: Good. Well, we're out of time. We're slightly overtime. So, I just want to conclude the call. Thank you, everybody, for your great questions. I've certainly enjoyed getting to know many of you so far and look forward to a continuing productive dialogue. So, on behalf of our entire management team at Waters, I'd to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters, and we look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q1 2016 call which we currently anticipate holding on April 26, 2016. Thank you everybody and have a great day.
Eugene Cassis: Good. And just adding on to what Chris said and following on your question about the dynamics of sales within the quarter, I would say that as the large global pharmaceutical customer set is continuing to be a smaller percent of our overall pharmaceutical business, and as that, historically, was the group of customers where you would see this traditional end of quarter flush, it was actually less pronounced this quarter. One of the factor about the – given the large installed base in large cap pharma. That's also the customer's segment where we saw the greatest impact from the fewer selling days and the effect of that has in our recurring revenue.
Eugene Cassis: Yeah. Just building on what Chris said – this is Gene – and thinking about the currency impact. As Chris alluded to, we transact a lot of our instrumentation business in U.S. dollars, but some of our recurring revenue streams, our columns business and our service business are contracted in local currency. So, the valuation of the currency in China and India is one of the components that we're dealing with in this currency headwind situation that we have experienced for the last couple of quarters, and that we expect to experience during the first and second quarter of next year.
Eugene Cassis: Yeah. I just say that if you look at the difference in gross margins for the quarter, all of it is attributed to currency. And I would agree with Chris that what we're seeing is price stability or, in some instances, we're seeing a little bit of price increase.
Eugene Cassis: Yes. If we look globally, the government and academic component of our business has been around a mid-teens percent of our business which, in comparison to the overall life science tool space, is a little bit on the light side. And if you dig a little bit more deeply into that, you find that there's a heavy component – that the heavy component of higher end mass spectrometry within that number. So, in our -from our past experience, we tend to see that business be somewhat lumpy for us. We're encouraged by the increased funding that we see for next year. And if I take a look at the results that we reported in the fourth quarter and maybe some of the slowness there, the majority of that can be accounted for by a very strong performance in the prior year.
Eugene Cassis: Oh, sure. We have a long history in Japan, Derik, and we have an excellent operation there that is able to accommodate changes in the local market. If I take a look at 2015, the growth in pharmaceutical in Japan was not stellar compared to other places around the world. However, what we did see is a nice pickup in the food safety business. And I think we have within Japan a lot of resources that can very, very nicely customize our instrumentation to the applications that are important at the time. So, we see a broad continuation of that going into 2016. There are no warning signs that we have. We're not expecting the Japanese business to contribute positively to that mid-single-digit growth rate, but we are developing a plan that does include growth in Japan.
Eugene Cassis: Yes. Hello, Sung Ji. This is Gene. I'll start and then Art can add in. The ACQUITY Arc System is actually a system that's designed to accommodate methodologies that are in regulated markets that use HPLC separations technology. It's designed to be able to accommodate column lengths that are typically used in these applications but it also affords the user the opportunity to experiment with UPLC columns and see what the differences are in resolution and speed between UPLC and HPLC. What we found going to market is that there are number of customers that want to exactly replicate methodologies that were created on systems like our Alliance and we've designed the ACQUITY Arc to be able to seamlessly translate a method from a system like the Alliance LC System to the ACQUITY Arc System. So, that is the primary difference. The H-Class is designed with componentry and with a fluidic path that's more targeted to those people who are going to move methodology from HPLC to UPLC rather than the audience of the Arc that may want to continue for a prolonged period of time to use an HPLC methodology. And Art, is there...
Eugene Cassis: Yeah. And Doug, I'd just add to that, your question on R&D and multi-year investments and so forth. Just to reiterate that our current R&D spending really reflects our core opportunities with only a modest contribution to some of the new markets like health sciences, and it's certainly, I think, premature to infer the this is the beginning of a new phase of investment philosophy. Investment in the business is going to stem from our strategic planning process. At this point, it's steady as she goes in terms of our traditional focus on our core while seeding some new market opportunities. But to the extent there's a shift in terms of how we want to allocate that portfolio in terms of new market opportunities, we'll have that dialogue in a very transparent way.
