Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, and John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, it's again, hard to totally characterize what's going in the market for one quarter, Ross, but I think the significant dynamics for us was a quite strong mass spec business were pretty much all over. So we saw good strong results across every mass spec platform: the tandems, the high-end SYNAPT, QTof line and the single quads. We also saw a return to growth in India. Now it's been a while coming, but we finally saw a return to significant growth in India, and we've seen a continuation of very strong business conditions in China, and our results there are probably stronger than most. The U.S. held up pretty well in the quarter, and Western Europe was soft but not softer than we had anticipated. So I think that all rolled up into a stronger capital position than certainly we've seen through most of 2012.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, our forecast anticipates that we live with it for the year. within Japan, it should be noted, our Japanese business is a very profitable business. So even at JPY 100, this business continues to operate very profitability for us, just not as profitable as it was, of course, at JPY 80. And we don't do any manufacturing in Japan, and we don't intend to. So all of our revenues in Japan, except for the locally-sourced service and administrative costs, are exposed to the yen. That's why the flow-through to our bottom line is so significant coming out of Japan. Whereas in Europe, we do a lot of manufacturing in Manchester and in Ireland. So we mitigate the -- we're more balanced in terms of our costs and revenues in Europe. So what we could see is if the stronger organic revenue continues for the year, it's conceivable that, that will be higher than our current forecast, and that might lead to a mitigation of the yen situation. But we have no intention of now locking in the yen at JPY 100. We're much better, over the long term, managing in this currency environment, and we'll modify our long-term budget and strategic plans. But within a year, it's very difficult to offset this kind of currency move.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, Paul, a lot of it is that we keep looking hard there. I mean, we've got a confident, aggressive management team, and they kind of fit our mold of being in our sweet spot of revenues that range from $5 million to $20 million, businesses that can easily fit within the infrastructure of the TA division and probably a little more interest at this stage in the year on a number of these fronts than we've seen. So it may be making a little more progress. So I could be embarrassed, and by the end of the year, we might not have secured the fronts that I think we're working well on. Our forecast, of course, doesn't include any of this. But I feel better at this point in the year about making progress there than probably I have traditionally, Paul.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think probably, like everybody, we think sequestration hurt a bit. The U.S. market in that -- in this area wasn't strong for us. But the timing of NIH type of procurement can also be a little hard to read. So it wasn't good, and we're anticipating that it's going to be on the soft side for the rest of the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, Doug, I think it's fair to say that we're optimistic that the second quarter returned some of those revenues that we anticipated in the first quarter. It would also be fair to say that our guidance tempers, to some extent, and doesn't necessarily include the fact that, that will stick for the full quarter. We're -- we like to be a little conservative on this front because it's not impossible that we see an end of the quarter flip from the second quarter into the third quarter also. So we try to draw a midline between those expectations. I think it means that we're more secure in this forecast, but it doesn't mean that we have necessarily included a large batch of those orders. I think of it as more...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. But again, there's no guarantee that some of the things that we then anticipate at the end of the quarter couldn't flip into the next quarter. So we're feeling good, but we're not going to totally take it to the bank yet.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Doug, I'd say the only thing that the end of the quarter saw was the timing of Good Friday in our more religious areas of the world. It fell on the last day of the quarter, and we have some reasonably good evidence that, that, probably combined with capital releases in large pharma, swung some timing of orders into the early part of the second quarter. I'd say the only other quarterly dynamic that we're seeing reverse is this whole issue on the consumables side. We've seen a curious dynamic on the consumables side being a slow start to the year. This isn't the first time, but this was a more unusual dynamic where we saw a very soft consumables business, largely, throughout the first quarter, and that seems to have turned very rapidly in the second quarter. And that may be uncertainty on the part of some of these large customers. It could be inventory management. We think that that's a onetime quarterly dynamic and have some pretty good evidence that it's already started to turn. So that's the only, I'd say, calendar type of dynamic, as well as 1 to 2 fewer selling days in the first quarter on the consumables front.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Oh sure, it's probably a timely question. I think, clearly, you can look at maybe segregating business strategies in the life science tools area broadly into 2 categories. One group of companies who drive their strategy believing that they can get economies of scale and drive their business through acquiring like businesses and driving more business through their distribution organization versus companies kind of what I think clearly Waters is that focus on the needs of a smaller set of customers, with a smaller set of technologies and try to optimize that to benefit the customers and focus kind of exclusively in those areas of their expertise. Obviously, not a perfect cut between those, but I think you can characterize companies as falling in either one of those sets. I think the companies that are focused on the former, on the distribution side, are characterized by lower growth rates, lower growth in organic earnings and lower return on invested capitals than companies like us that have focused on the specific needs of the customers set, hone their business, manage their capital spending to a finer degree. Waters has competed, over the 30 years that I've been involved in the industry, most of the time, competing with larger companies that have multi-technology arms and arms that have competed with one another for capital. And we've come up pretty well on that score. So I don't think that there's a whole lot of evidence that suggests that there are unusual returns to scale in this industry. Granted, you have to be competing in a marketplace that's big enough to support your organization, but the chromatography in the mass spec markets are amongst the most sizable in our industry and offer continuing opportunities for us to provide our shareholders with above-average returns. So I guess that's how I'd answer it.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think, at this point, we're not prepared to announce the ASMS. But we'd encourage you to go, and I think it's -- it will be a rewarding show.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We don't think so. It's a little bit of a head scratcher. And in that particular area, there's -- it's highly unlikely that a new product offering moves things very fast, and we certainly have not seen that. We think it's totally a combination of calendar dynamics and an unusual slowness in customer activity early on. In places like China, you could see unusual quarterly dynamics where they place their year-long chemistry orders in a lumpy pattern, and we certainly saw some of that during this quarter. So I don't think there's much of a competitive dynamic here, and I think the short amount of evidence that we've seen so far in the second quarter supports that assertion.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the very encouraging thing about China is that it's broad based. It's across the traditional life science applications, as well as food quality, food safety and industrial applications. So boy, I'd say, if anything, we see the underlying dynamics in China strengthening a little bit rather than softening, and it's broad based.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Nothing I said should lead you to believe that there's a significant pricing dynamic or gross margin dynamic. The new Alliance is largely an update of the old Alliance. It doesn't really significantly change the pricing of the margin dynamics.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, we're assuming at current rates of JPY 99 now for the yen, and the others are just about where they were, the big difference being the fact that, obviously, the yen has depreciated meaningfully across the quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. Well, the net cash position, John, is largely driven by the offshore dynamics of our profitability, and so like a lot of technology companies, if we remit those earnings from offshore, then we're faced with a large U.S. tax burden. So our tendency is to keep those funds invested offshore. And to the extent that we don't generate enough local cash to support the buyback or our capital acquisitions, then the debt markets are more than adequate to support those needs. So it's a balance between those 2 that you see reflected in our balance sheet.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We've definitely seen an improvement in our business at the high end of the mass spec marketplace. I think -- and we've seen it significantly in proteomics and metabonomics applications. It is coincidental with some technological improvements that we made in a number of those product lines which we have anecdotal support from our customer base concerning the benefit of those changes. So I think it's a little bit better marketplace, a better product offering that we've seen. It also comes together with the fact that the entire mass spec product line is operating very strongly right now. So it is noticeable. I do think it is a point -- we saw beginning of this in the fourth quarter and a strong continuation as we go into 2013.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We're looking at a combination of all those, Tim. I mean, we're looking at the -- a rolling average of our run rates in areas that have been indicative of the future. We're looking at our major geographies and looking at kind of what we call the drop sheets of customers that have asked for quotes, asked for early order indications, indicated interest in our new technologies. And in our biggest geographies, with the U.S. operating a little bit on the positive side, China operating on the very positive side, India returning for -- off of a period of very low growth with the opportunity to see pent-up replacement demand, I think traditionally, the overall GDP numbers in our areas don't correlate terribly well with Waters' individual growth dynamics. Obviously, we're not immune from economic activities we saw in 2009. But if you'd cast out those outliers, our individual markets are a better indicator than the overall GDP numbers. And we continue to be reasonably optimistic about what we're seeing in our individual markets.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the India question, Isaac, is you can't ignore the fact that we didn't have a great year or quarter last year. So we did a little bit better than 2 years ago if you want to put it that way, but I wouldn't say that you're on a robust growth dynamic compared to 2 years ago. But it's still good off a baseline. We still think that there is some pent-up replacement demand in India, and we're encouraged about what those customers are saying, given the current state of the rupee and given the current state of regulatory hurdles in India. So we think that this kind of high teens kind of growth rate level for India looks sustainable. It in no way kind of is a quantum leap off 2 years ago, but it's good to see growth in that environment. The Japanese -- I -- we agree with you that we think stimulus spending can improve the situation in Japan as we go through the year. The stimulus amounts are very clearly aimed partly at customers in our segment. So we think our forecast accounts for a little of that, but we're not going to take it all to the bank until we start seeing those orders begin to roll in.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it's probably more that just we've been so active in that area, and in our world, there are more opportunity -- more niche opportunities in that physical properties segment of the marketplace. Whereas in chromatography mass spec arena, there are much larger companies who are more established. And I think in some of these cases, you're looking at companies that are run by older management teams who are ready to perhaps move along. It's a -- it's not a homogenous set of companies that we're looking at. There are different dynamics driving a number of them. So it's hard to characterize them with a broad brush.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, partly, Peter, we've already seen the dynamic change early on in the second quarter. We've also looked at the order patterns region by region and have become more confident that some of the lumpy order patterns for large chemistry orders in places like China where you don't have the kind of traditional onesie-type of orders. You see much more bulk ordering in those territories. And we saw an unusual dropoff and then a quick pickup. So it's -- and we've looked at the competitive offerings. We've looked at the other dynamics that could change it, and we don't see -- we're not anticipating robust sales, but we're pretty confident of the return to the mid-single-digit chemistry dynamics that, in even a depressed year, we think we can return to.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It was anticipated. So the deltas I'm talking about weren't deltas from the guide. It was from last year. So we did anticipate that and talked about it coming into play right at the start of the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I don't think, in a broad way, we've seen the much difference, Derik. The Japanese haven't changed their spots from when the yen was JPY 120 to when it was JPY 90. They've always tended to be low-priced competitors, and we haven't seen -- I think they may be taking this opportunity to enhance their own P&Ls rather than think that a further low-priced strategy is going to do much for them.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No. Food actually was reasonably good. It was environmental applications. In some of the industrial chemical applications, we're probably more on the soft side.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: What could be much more significant is the UPC2 that got a -- we got a little bit of momentum from late in last year but really is building momentum as we go through this year. So I think the UPC2 could be a much more significant dynamic than the APC.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. I think, you've see most of the dynamic, at this point, on UNIFI coming from tailored systems. UNIFI has not launched in terms of its overall chromatography network-based systems. But it clearly, with the launch of UNIFI into the high-end mass spec systems, this has been clearly partly what drove the enhanced position in the first quarter. We've see clear evidence of that. But I think that the beauty of UNIFI is that as you go through this year and into next year, more and more of the broad-based chromatography and mass spec applications come under the UNIFI umbrella and offer significant upgrade opportunities, as well as competitive advantages in many of these applications.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say they're nothing noticeable in terms of changes in pricing trends in our mass spec business. You can see it, our margins have been the same. Certainly, not major price increases, but no significant changes. Yes, stable prices I think is probably the way to characterize it.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We're still very optimistic about the diagnostic opportunities. We continue to invest both R&D and early-stage marketing. And -- but I wouldn't say that we have anything to report on any major breaking news on the diagnostics front. But we continue to be encouraged about the long-term applications of LC/MS in the diagnostic marketplace.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, I don't know what you mean by flattish, Steve. We're anticipating that the strength in mass spec continues more or less on the trajectory that it's on. So we don't see any competitive dynamic or market dynamic that changes the current momentum in the mass spec world.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Operator, I think that will probably be an appropriate point to end the conference call. We've now been over an hour. So I think we'll just thank you all for participating, and we look forward to updating you on our next call.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will be making various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q2 and full year 2013. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, in Part One under the caption Business Risks Factors and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2013. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I would just say that generally speaking, pharma all in grew mid single digits. It did well, and that's in spite of a drag that we're talking about with large pharma. So I think most of that, as Doug said, is really just a lag in the release. As we said, we had a very good start to the second quarter with that group of customers, so it doesn't appear to be a full year dynamic.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I think on the government, academic side, the good news is, is that we have a pretty diverse worldwide clientele of customers. The U.S. wasn't certainly as robust as our customer base in Asia, for example. So all in, we had a really good year or a good start to the year with government, academic. A significant shipment of some high-end mass spectrometry products within Europe to some of those customers as well helped. So I would say, we're certainly above where we thought we'd be for one quarter. Maybe instead of a flat for this group customers, there's a modest amount of growth as we make our way through the year. But we're certainly off to a good start and better than we would have said as we entered the year. On the industrial side, I would say that we're not meaningfully off of our original expectation. That still grew at kind of at 3%, 4%, so it wasn't as low as you might think. We're pretty optimistic as we look at the product offerings that we have, the new APC, the TA Instruments offerings that will extract our share of business from the group of customers as well. So I wouldn't say we're concerned about even the industrial chemical side of the business at this point.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I think from a model perspective, Doug, we've got about a 3% growth all in for the remainder of the year, and there are certain areas of the world that are going to require some level of investment as sales growth is in the double digits in those regions. As we've always said, we hold back as we start the year in making those types of investments to be sure that we are comfortable with the trajectory that we see. So I think there'll be a modest lift in SG&A as we make our way through the next few quarters. They could be -- there's little flexibility in that, but I would say we've been somewhat stingy in releasing some amount of expense in some of these regions where it's needed, and you're going to see that creep up a little bit as we make our way through the year.
John A. Ornell: That's correct. I'd say right now, we're looking at a mid-single-digit growth expectation comparable with what we said in Q1. Yes, we did come in a little bit better to start the year. That's encouraging. We're talking about new products and opportunities that maybe makes that a little bit better, but I think it's just a little too early in the year to think about moving that number up at this point.
John A. Ornell: Yes. It's virtually timing. We have a fair number of project-related expenses on that line, so a fixed base of labor, they're sizable, but the project spend can move that number up and down a few points a quarter. And in this quarter, we had a few new mass spec products that required some [indiscernible] units. And so the project expense timing of that was a little bit skewed towards the first quarter versus what you'll see for the rest of the year.
John A. Ornell: No, not at this point. We are careful to ensure that the pace of the buyback that we do year-by-year affords us enough headroom as the business grows to be able to continue that type of trajectory of share repurchase. So thinking that today, we might go out and do another $0.5 billion buyback one time and push up against the ceiling isn't something we want to do. The message we want to send is that we have a very consistent program that allows us the opportunity to spend $300 million, $350 million on a consistent basis each year and not bump up against those covenants. And you'll probably see us expand our revolver as the year goes on to ensure that we maintain headroom in that lending facility.
John A. Ornell: Sure. The Japanese business, even back at JPY 115, was a very profitable business and not a meaningful drag even at that level on the business. So it's the change year-over-year that gets our attention. But when you look at the absolute dollars of profit coming from that business at JPY 100 translation, it's still a very profitable business.
John A. Ornell: Exactly. And this will lead to a gross margin -- this -- it's probably a 50-50 split. I mean, it's a meaningful amount of amortization. We're ramping up sales particularly early in the year on those products. So you're having a bit more of an impact to start the year than finish the year. The yen will be more of an impact on margins as we make our way into the second quarter and through the fourth quarter as the yen started closer to JPY 90. It ended up closer to JPY 100 in the first quarter, so you didn't have a full quarter impact. So that mix will change a little bit as UNIFI sales ramp up as time goes on and as we feel the full impact of the yen on margins Qs 2 through 4.
John A. Ornell: Yes. That product is likely, Tycho, to be a rather modest sales product across the second half of the year. It's a rather limited set of customers. There'll be meaningful interest from the Dows, the DuPonts, the 3Ms and the like, but it's not going to add a point of growth as we look at Q3 and Q4. As time goes on and the product ramps up, maybe we get a little more juice from that, but it just isn't a market that is likely to create a meaningful top line dynamic in the second half of this year.
John A. Ornell: I think QTof certainly was stronger in the quarter than we anticipated. We thought that mass spec, in some total, was going to do well, largely driven more by the triple quadruples than the high ends. So the high end did do better, but as a group of products, we thought that mass spec would do well, and it actually did a little better than that to start the year.
