Christopher James O'Connell: Thank you, Gene. And with that, we'll now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone's question. So, please limit yourself to only one question and one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. And after the Q&A, I will add a few closing comments. Operator, first question, please.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure, Jon. Thank you. And yeah, the strength of the recurring business is certainly a highlight for us and something we watch very closely. And as I said in my comments, I think it's a function of a variety of factors including our strong position in instruments and our growing installed base but also our ability to not only hang on to but enhance our contracted service plans. And your point on price is also correct that we do seek over time to maintain or even enhance our pricing power for these recurring lines on service and on chemistry consumables. And on the consumable side, we are benefiting from a continued uptick of our UPLC systems and higher attachment rates that we get on those chemistries which is a nice natural tailwind for us in addition to some of the application specific kits that I mentioned early and we're very excited about GlycoWorks and ProteinWorks and other things in our pipeline. So, this has been a nice source of growth for us. It's gradually increasing. It's a mix of our overall portfolio and has favorable economics that go along with it. So, it is a top priority for us.
Christopher James O'Connell: Thanks, Isaac. I appreciate the question. As you know, measuring market share on a quarter-by-quarter basis in this business is a little bit challenging and so in order to assess how we're performing competitively, I tend to look at – I've looked at a lot of data on more of a rolling basis. And market share is critically important. We do want to win in all of our major categories and I think looking at our growth rate in instruments, looking at our growth rate in chemistries and service and some of the different product categories, we do believe we've grown at a rate that exceeds the market. And so, we do believe that in the core LC business, we are gradually picking up some market share and that's our goal and we need to continue to feed that with innovation which is our primary lever. On the mass spec side, it's a little bit different by product category. While we've been under some pressure on the higher end research mass spec, we have performed in a solid way in the tandem quad business and particularly the new category of the QDa, have been a nice – a gainer for us. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag there, but we continue to really focus and prioritize our execution in making sure we're maintaining and enhancing that market share position.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. No, happy to address that, Isaac. Thanks. You know obviously, as you know, the last three years, as I look back over the last two to three years, I think there's been good operating leverage masked by FX, of course, and the challenges we face there. And so, as we look at 2016 is a little more of a transition year as it relates to FX, we are trying to balance that growth and the investment in the portfolio, obviously with a good top line over the last year, and continuing to push the top line, we want to make sure we're feeding that growth with the right levels of investment. And so as we look across the balance of the year, I think our revenue outlook is balanced in terms of over the course of the year, each of the end markets harmonizing more to our guidance range. And we have an investment plan over the course of the year that is designed to yield some very modest leverage, obviously, with top-line performance, if top-line performance exceeds our stated guidance, there is some potential for some additional leverage. But obviously, over the course of time, I do feel that leverage is possible in this business based on the mix and the evolving mix of our business particularly towards service and consumables. The fact that we operate in very attractive market segments and the opportunities for scale up and down the P&L as we grow. So, that's really our approach. But overall, it is a balanced approach because, as I mentioned in my comments, feeding the growth is critical particularly on the innovation side.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure, Tycho. I'll make a quick comment, and maybe Gene wants to add to it. But the government and academic in general has been, as I look at this business, more of a back-half factor with lumpier performance in the first half of the year, and I think that's our continued expectations, particularly as some of the new budget gets released through the NIH funding that we've watched closely. And so, we've been relatively conservative on our assumptions in the first half of the year and expect that to be more of a back-half phenomenon.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. It is a very high priority as I mentioned. Thanks for the question. And I'm still in my process of learning all about how we create value through that innovation process. And as I have been vocal about – remained very, very committed to our position, I believe, in the industry as the most vital organic innovator. And in doing that, the question of R&D productivity is vital. The company has made great strides in recent years on sort of the portfolio approach. And certainly, some of the organization evolution that I've been leading is really designed to get after that responsive, more integrated product portfolio. One thing I've tried to take a look at, because there is so much innovation, is a crisper definition of the difference between what's in our product development pipeline and maybe what's in our research pipeline. And the good news is, there's a lot happening on both scores. Just to make sure that we get increased visibility as to our near-term pipeline, but also we're making the right bets to ensure bigger innovations down the road. As part of that, and looking at both the combination of our Instruments or LC and our MS Instruments, as well as our applied technologies, certainly, the market does appear to be tilting towards an increasing appreciation for the strength we bring across all of those categories and the more integrated view of our product portfolio and so, that's certainly feedback I've heard from many customers and the dialogue internally and I think the team's making great progress. I also want to comment on TA, because some of what I just mentioned in terms of the instruments refer to the Waters products but on the TA side, the Discovery series that I mentioned in the call has been long coming. It's beginning to show its promise in the marketplace and while TA has also benefited from some modest tuck-in M&A over the past, I think this cycle of innovation's going to make a big difference as well.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure, Derik. Maybe I'll make a quick comment, and Gene can add to it as well. When we think about the gross margin, obviously, at the very top of it is our ability to maintain price. And that came up earlier in the call. And so, certainly our pricing was strong in the quarter, particularly around our recurring revenues. And, really, what you refer to as a positive mix was offset by some currency headwind, as – pretty much as we expected, but volumes and factors like absorption were very much in line. So, this gross margin was actually very much in line with what we expected and should correlate pretty well to the expectations we've laid out for the rest of the year.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. Steve, I think that's probably a level of detail that we don't really want to get into too much. And obviously our whole goal is to make sure that our sales growth is balanced over time with our orders growth. And there is a longer pipeline in China than in other geographies for a variety of reasons, but I think on the whole, the results that we're reporting here on the sales line reflect what's happening on the underlying order side as well.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. No, thanks. I think the trends, Steve, are pretty similar to what we saw over the course of 2015 and particularly in the back half, and that is a reflection of the greater diversification of the pharmaceutical customer base, both within these categories of traditional large multinational pharma, but also biotech, generic, specialty, et cetera. In fact, just as a point of reference, if you look at our top accounts, our larger traditional accounts, they grew more in the low- to mid-single-digit range versus the bigger parts of our growth which came from some of those other pools. And it's not just a company diversification, if you will, or a customer diversification, there's also geographic diversification. For example in the generic business, there is a very strong presence in India, as well as different parts of Europe, and even a visit I had in Canada, where there is a tremendous amount of innovation and growth and scale in that generics category and even some green shoots in the biosimilars category. So, it continues to impress me as I get out to see customers that some of the old divisions maybe, between who you'd expect to be developing small molecule drugs and larger molecule drugs, those lines are blurring. And the level of competitive intensity is high in that field, the level of innovation is high, but it's a more balanced approach. So, we obviously watch this closely. I'm continuing to try to get even more deeper, more granular understanding as to the dynamics and the sustainability of this market, but it does appear to be a very different market than what it's been in the past.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. No, Ross, I think that's a good word, resilient, in terms of how this market appears. And again, I'm pretty new in understanding this and spent time in some of these markets to understand exactly your question. At the end of the day, there is some competitive volatility in that market, and I've certainly had the chance to learn about different facets of that, whether they're American companies participating there or Indian companies, or Canadian companies, et cetera. But at the end of the day, if the pill count is rising, and the underlying operational activity is there, which it certainly is, then that's going to translate into that resiliency or that stability in the end market. Obviously, as you point out, the regulatory bar continues to rise for generic drug manufacturers particularly those serving the United States who are operating outside the United States and some of our competitive advantages in terms of our informatics are in power, chromatography data systems, for example. And what we've been able to supplement on the service side in terms of helping companies through their growth to meet regulatory compliance has all been positive factors in our device utilization. Our market share tends to be pretty high in some of these methods and in some of these markets and we don't take that for granted. We fight for it every day, but we continue to see this as a good opportunity for growth and by the way, that's resulting in some very positive things for the healthcare system overall and greater patient access to medications and therapies. So, it's good business.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. It's an important question. Obviously, we watch this closely and I'm devoting my energies over time and my CEO voice to responsible tax reform so, that we can have policies that allow us to utilize our cash better globally and to strengthen our country and our economy and that's the important message for all of us. But we think this is a very manageable situation. We do have capacity in the leverage metrics that you identified. And I don't see this issue compelling us to a different M&A strategy than we have. I mean my view on M&A strategy is very clear which M&A is a tactic for us that would be utilized for the appropriate business strategy if we see the right opportunity that can make us better and stronger and enhance the value of our products for our customers in our chosen markets. We'll do M&A but it's secondary to our internal innovation program and certainly not driven by balance sheet factors like you mentioned.
Christopher James O'Connell: I think we probably stop short of providing that kind of information, just to embellish a little bit on my comments, Doug. We did make a very calculated decision during the middle of the quarter when we saw some of the strength in some of our other sectors like pharmaceuticals to take advantage of the platform we had at Pittcon, which is an important meeting to talk more openly about our pipeline there. And in terms of the effect on TA, it was material to TA, but I think balancing the small hit we took in Q1 on TA is a encouraging set of quoting activity, demoing activity, and ordering activity that will begin to show later in the second quarter. But I'd stop short of providing backlog data other than to say our overall year, we probably have a higher confidence in TA based on the actions we took in Q1.
Christopher James O'Connell: Good question, Bryan. I wish I had a great answer to that, and I hope there is quite a bit more. Obviously, we – like I said earlier in the comments on the generic market which is driving this – the signs are for continued stability in that market and obviously there's other factors in India which have occurred over time like currency shocks and things that effect local companies and those dynamics that you can sometimes never exactly predict. And so, you can't ever be too sure, but we're just heads down focused. We've got a very strong experienced team in India that enjoys very high market share in those chromatography systems. We're obviously trying to invest in new growth engines, as well, to balance that over time. The food safety market happens to be one example there in India that we're interested in. But I'm encouraged by what I see as a broader trend in pharmaceuticals towards the generic marketplace and the global nature of that, that hopefully will support continued strong growth in that segment for us.
Christopher James O'Connell: No. That's a fair question. And I guess, I'm continuing in a process, Sara, I'd say of continuing to assess the company and obviously these customer interactions and my knowledge of the marketplace grows as each quarter goes by. From a high-level standpoint, I'm encouraged by the fact that the markets that we participate in are quite attractive. Of course, they're going to have their various cycles but over the long term, I do see these as attractive markets and I really am gaining a deeper and deeper appreciation and everything I've learned reinforces the unique position we have in the industry in terms of our focus and our record and our desire to produce industry-leading organic innovation. My first priority as I go through this is to really put a lot of definition around our core business and job one in strategy is always make sure you're maximizing your performance and potential in your core business and we love our core and we'll continue to seek first to optimize that. Beyond that, it's really a matter of gaining more and more clarity on where we should see upside growth opportunities in terms of some of the growing markets, new markets, and even geographic markets and I think some of the themes we've talked about even in some of these calls reinforce what those are. At the end of the day, we are taking a pretty deep and structured and thoughtful approach to this planning process and I'm energized, the organization's energized and what I expect to be able to report on in the future is just higher degrees of clarity on priorities around the markets, our chosen markets that we're serving, our product plan and the capabilities that we want to develop in the organization to get there. So, I don't think I've seen anything that pulls me off of my view of this business and the potential of the business. I'm very excited about the potential for Waters and making a big difference in the world and continuing on our focused innovation pathway.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Japan is a great market for us. It's a big market for us. And in fact, I had the opportunity to visit Japan since we've spoken last. And what I saw there was a team with just tremendous focus and really kind of zoning in on some, I think, some good market share opportunities in LC, principally behind our Empower Chromatography Data System platform and a lot of those regulatory factors that are important to those customers. I also see an opportunity in the triple quad business where we have a little bit of a lower share but some newer products and also some market opportunity. The growth in the quarter there was broad based, as we pointed out. Pharma, in particular, was strong, had maybe a little easier comparison but had good year-over-year growth. And – but the end markets there were reasonable. So, Japan, historically, has been more of a developed market, more mid-single-digit type growth, low- to mid-single-digit type growth. And so, when we get a quarter like this out of Japan, we're excited. I don't necessarily expect that type of growth rate to be the permanent growth rate in Japan but we do expect to be very competitive in that market and we've got a great team there.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. It's a good question. I mean, overall, the industrial markets – there is pressure on these end markets, as you know, from just studying the general economy. The comps were a little tougher in the first quarter, get a little bit easier over the course of the year, generally. And obviously, one of the big factors in our overall industrial outlook is the DSC and the TGA. In particular, the level of performance around sensitivity and resolution of those DSC and TGA products is going to impact a number of their end markets, particularly, for example, high-performance industrial polymer markets, aerospace, semiconductors, some of those types of markets. But I think another market that is beyond the traditional thermal analysis market in TA that's pretty interesting to us is rheology. I've actually spent some time getting to know some players in the rheology segment of the market and am pretty encouraged by the breadth of that opportunity, and particularly as we further integrate some of our new technology that we picked up through acquisition in rubber rheology. So, TA is a business that's characterized by a very broad customer base, smaller deal sizes. And while they are obviously heavily entrenched and tied to the industrial markets, we do, obviously, try to subset that market effectively and make sure we're pouring resources into some of those areas that we think can give us growth.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. Jeff, maybe I'll make a quick comment, then Gene can. In terms of breaking apart the recurring, again, you have to break it down by service and by consumables. And certainly, the factors you mentioned are all elements we look at. We try to enhance price. We want to make sure that on a same-store we're actually building market share, if you will, on our columns, in the installed base, but also as we just talked about in UPLC, the transition from HPLC to UPLC and the higher attach rates we get with UPLC and the value of those columns is definitely a factor that we try to break down as well, which gives us some comfort for the sustainability. On service, it's really a matter of continuing in all geographies of the world to enhance our offering and try to get that more and more reflected in the contracted service plans, which is a key metric we look at in terms of what by geography and really by type of customer. And on top of that, you've heard me talk about the customer experience, and we rigorously measure loyalty and the Net Promoter Score and our customer experience, which is highly correlated to increasing net service lines. So those are the factors I'd say that we look at mostly.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. I mean, the attach rates for UPLC are nicely over half, more in the 60%-ish range and that's very strong and it's a multiple or so higher than on the HPLC.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah, that's a fair question, Miroslava, and certainly we are making assumptions that give us the balance because of natural questions in the market and while we do certainly expect the pharma market to continue to grow at above our overall company growth rate, it's fair to say that we don't have unrealistic expectations in terms of the type of growth rates in the market we've seen in recent quarters. And so, I think we are taking that balanced view and looking at that portfolio of end markets to converge somewhat over the course of the year.
Christopher James O'Connell: Well, hopefully, it'll have an impact in both of those periods. The rollout begins in the mid to later part of the second quarter. And so, we expect it to first really be seen in a little bit in the coming quarter but in the back half of the year. And obviously when you roll out a new platform like that and look at your installed base both for upgrade as well as new placements, that is a multi-quarter, if not multi-year effect. So, hopefully, we'll see the benefit of that over the course of 2017 and even beyond.
Christopher James O'Connell: Thanks. I think we're over time but we do appreciate all the great questions. And so, thank you very much for being part of the call. I've certainly enjoyed getting to know you over the last six to eight months and look forward to our continuing productive dialogue. So, on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We do look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q2 2016 call which we currently anticipate holding on July 26, 2016. Thanks very much and have a great day.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, this is Gene, Jon. Thank you for the question and we carefully monitor changes in governmental tax policies around the world especially those that impact our company directly. And you're right that between Singapore, Ireland and the UK, they're all very meaningful to us along with the United States. But at this time, we're not anticipating any change in our situation in Ireland. The effective tax rate that we enjoy there is in the 11% or 12% range and as we look at the guidance for this year and look at the long-term outlook for the company at this time, we're continuing to use that rate.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Just to add, I think Chris did a very good job explaining the situation. I would just add that historically, our participation in those non-profit market segments has been weighted towards our higher end-mass spectrometry offerings. And as we go through this year, we will continue to see a ramp of our Vion instrument as well as some pretty exciting new product introduction plans at the upcoming ASMS meeting. So, I think we're encouraged at the prospects and we have a pretty good pipeline as we look at the remaining quarters of 2016, Tycho.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Hi. Tycho, it's Gene. That is more tied to an updating of our headquarters facility here in Milford. We've had a plan over the last two or three years to try to use space more efficiently at this campus and that's a continuing effort.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Hi, Derik. This is Gene. I mean, one of the things on the gross margin side is that the first quarter of 2015 was kind of a hard quarter to replicate. At the end of the (32:17) year last year, we had gross margins that were around 59%, and that's what we delivered in the first quarter last year. And historically, our high-margin quarters are later in the calendar year as we do a better job absorbing some of our fixed expenses. On the gross margin side, as well as almost in every attribute, the first quarter of 2015 was a little bit of a point off the line. I think that the 58-ish percent gross margin that we delivered in the first quarter is consistent with a full-year outlook that would bring you up to 59% for the full year, with stronger gross margins anticipated in the fourth quarter.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Oh, yeah. Just so you know that in the guidance that we gave, we were looking at a yen of about ¥109. It's a little bit higher than that today. We had a strong quarter in Japan, with Japan up 8% in the first quarter. So, certainly that is a little bit of a tailwind for us as we look at FX dynamics moving through the year. On the other hand, we have some secondary currencies that have been a headwind for us. And those currencies are in countries where the business tends to be a little bit lumpy. So, there's a little bit of conservatism in our forecast, anticipating that the tailwind that we get from the stronger yen could potentially be largely offset by some continuing headwind from some of these secondary currencies. But, frankly, it's a hard thing to call.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. I'll comment on that. I think your first observation, Doug, is accurate that obviously, the FX environment has changed. We started the year anticipating that the FX headwind in terms of our number of cents on EPS would be $0.15 or $0.16. And we saw around $0.08 of that in the first quarter. We're anticipating that that would be the lion's share of the FX headwind that we encounter for the full year. And I think as you correctly noted that there is an expectation that the amount of operating leverage that we get for the full year will not be the same level of operating leverage that we delivered in the first quarter. We do know that we have expenses coming as we go into the second and third quarter associated with what we hope to be very exciting new product launches. There'll be more material expenses, there'll be more marketing expenses associated with that. And if you do a rough calculation, you'd see that our full year EPS guide doesn't really have baked into it the 200 basis points of leverage that we delivered in the first quarter on an organic constant currency basis but much more moderate. So, there is an anticipation that operating expenses will increase as we move through the year and the basis of this increase is primarily new product launches that are planned as we move through the year.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, the expectations are roughly the same, Doug. It's just that we were a little bit more efficient on the expense side in the first quarter than we anticipated originally and we benefited from that in the first quarter's results. But our expectation is that we will execute on the plan as articulated on the last earnings call.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah, Dan. I would agree with everything that Chris said. And just remind everyone that UPLC is a fundamental chemistry technology, and that one of the best ways to look at the conversion or the adoption rate of UPLC is to monitor the consumable business associated with UPLC, and what we've seen is underlying consistent growth, and it's actually very encouraging. The adoption rate of the technology has been more slow and consistent and steady than we anticipated 10 years ago when we first launched UPLC. But it's actually been a nice core growth driver for the overall corporation's business.
