Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar, and good morning everyone. Along with Caspar joining me on this morning's call is Amol Chaubal, Waters' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Lynch, Waters' Vice President and Corporate Treasurer. This is Amol's first conference call as Waters' CFO. Welcome, Amol.
Udit Batra: So, thank you, Tycho, for the question. Look the LC placement cycle, last time I said we are in the third innings using a baseball analogy. I would say we're now in the seventh inning or so in terms of having tracked down all customers that are relevant for replacement, especially our own and to some extent our competitors. I would say we have reached out to almost 80% of our own customers and 20% to 30% of the competitive replacements, both across LC as well as mass spec. And we've recently, as I told you, added that UPLC segment to it as well. So really we start with the customers really solid, solid feedback, and especially with the introduction of Arc HPLC last year and now the promise of the Arc PREMIER, as well as the ACQUITY premier columns, which are really relevant for high-end separations. We're having very good luck with and very good performance with our LC replacement initiative. So from an overall contribution perspective, I would say we should think about it in terms of the stacked growth. So if you just look at our first half of the year, our organic constant currency stacked growth versus 2019 is roughly 7%. And if you compare it to our peer group over the same period on a stacked basis, and we've seen numbers anywhere ranging from about 2.5% to 3% to closer to 5-ish percent. So that if you take a weighted average gives you a lead of let's say 2% to 3% versus the roughly defined market. And I would say part of it is explained by our initiatives and part of it is explained – there's 2% to 3% lead versus the market, part of it is explained by outperformance of our initiatives and the LC replacement initiative being a strong contributor to it and part of it is replaced by really a strong uptake of our new products. I hope that gives you a bit of color and some quantification, and the best way to compare it is to just look at the stacked growth versus the overall market. And we are now trending, I think, probably second or third quarter in a row of our market plus organic performance.
Udit Batra: Sure. So again, just first the facts, Tycho. For the second half of the year, stack growth would lead us to between slightly – north of 5% to slightly north of 6%, right. So that's, I mean, a year ago who would have thought that we would be here already. So, I mean, we're very happy with the ability to provide such a guidance. Across the three end markets, pharma goes from strength to strength and our strong presence in pharma benefits us as you can see disproportionately, so we expect that to continue. And on industrial, as you know, it can be quite a lumpy market, but if you again look at the fact growth of industrial, we are slightly higher than our overall average, which is closer to 5%, so we're closer to 6% on a stock basis for industrial growth on a year-to-date basis. So that again bodes well, I mean, again if you look at it over a longer period of time, it bodes well for what we're seeing on the industrial side, barring any sort of cyclicality due to the pandemic reemerging strongly. We think that trend should continue for the balance of the year. And then finally, academic and government, which is our smallest segment has backed quite an important one to place, especially our mass spec instruments, for the first half of the year was roughly on a stack base was roughly around 17% growth versus last year. And we expect that trend to start emerging even more strongly in the second half of the year. So we feel reasonably good across all three markets. I mean in the simplest way despite the pandemic, most of our customers and our teams have figured out how to work through the difficulties. I mean that's – there's not 100% access everywhere, but I feel they figured out a way to work through the ups and downs of the pandemic. I hope that gives you some color.
Udit Batra: So, Vijay, we're very happy that there are additional therapies, so Alzheimer's coming out to the market and that was great news for patients. Look, it's very early to quantify and start thinking about exactly the impact of this therapy on our business. And it's suffice it to say we are well specked in most of the compounds that are in the late stages, especially in the QA-QC domain of large and small molecules. So, that's where I'll – that's as much as I will comment on it. I think it's too early to comment on the specifics and the quantification of such an opportunity.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Doug. I can't help, but laugh about the overall question, not that I'm making fun of the question, I just – it's a long – it's a serious progress in a year. But to answer your question legitimately, I would say it has to – if you look at the long-term growth, I won't give you a number. I think it's very difficult to do it. What you can safely assume is our ambition is to remain a top-tier performer, especially when you look at the organic growth, right. So we've now for the last two or three quarters on a stacked basis have been market plus and our margins remain at the high-end of the industry. So that's our ambitions, right. So, I mean, that's what I'll tell you. Is it 4%, 5%, 6%? I don't know, but if it's 4%, we have the ambition to be higher than 4%, if it's 5%, it's higher, and you can go on from there. But there are two drivers that make me confident, actually three drivers that make me confident that we can be at the higher-end of the market. Number one, we've put a very solid team together with experienced leaders, who have shown in the past that they can execute very well above market – on the above market growth and they have experience in of course conducting transformations and integrations. So I feel very good about the team we've put together. Second, we're starting to develop a rhythm in our execution and you end up seeing the results, but we see a lot of leading indicators. And I've tried to give you some color around the different initiatives. And these are initiatives should – that should help us in longer-term. The LC replacement initiative has changed the way we work at Waters or probably brought us back to where Waters started long time ago, and looking at each and every replacement initiative and diligently going after through our CRM channel. That's a long-term improvement and execution. E-commerce, last year, at the same time we were less – less than 20% of our consumables went through the e-commerce channel. Today that number is in excess of 25%, that's in less than a year. And there is a long runway ahead of us in seeing the benefit of that execution. We've started to tap into newer customer segments. And again, I mean, I was pretty open about how underweighted we were in the CRO, CDMO, food testing segments in China. And there we've just started to hit the side. And you can see on a two year stack basis that's 60% growth, on a one year stacked basis that's a 40% growth in the same channel. And we are seeing our value proposition resonate very well with our customers. Our sales teams are super excited about what we're hearing from our customers. So these – the execution platforms that we've built, and I've just gone through three of these are going to help us for many, many years to come. And the last piece is innovation, which is most endearing to me. I mean, we have really been very precise about identifying unmet needs, and this is something definitely I don't take credit for. This has been going on at Waters for a long period of time. It was just starting to rekindle it and focusing us on the right problems to solve. We've seen already the impact of the recent launches in LC, the MRC is strengthening our high-res mass spec portfolio, the PREMIERE launch for the PREMIER – the PREMIER technology for columns as – could not have come at a better timing given the need for continued separation of more complex modalities, which have a higher affinity to metal. So I feel very good that there is a team in place that has a strong execution track record both organic and inorganic execution and the pipeline is starting to hit its stride. And I think that gives me confidence that wherever the market is, we can have the ambition to be a market class. Okay, I hope that gives you color.
Udit Batra: Thanks. Thanks again, Doug. I'll let Amol comment on how we're thinking about margin progression in a second. But I mean you should also look at the impact of additional instrument placement on the recurring revenues. And then when I talk about innovation and sustainability, the recurring revenues on a two year stack basis are double digits, right? Especially – our two year stack basis – sorry, chemistry is double digits and recurring revenues are high single digits on a two year stack basis, on a one year stack basis it's a double digit performance. So instrument placement helps with consumables placement, which are, of course, higher margin part of the business. I'll let Amol comment on your – on the breakdown of the margin.
Udit Batra: Yes. So thanks Derik. I think off the bat, I mean, of course we can't be specific on where the immediate M&A opportunity or the midterm M&A opportunity is for obvious reasons. But from a capital deployment perspective, I mean, we remain flexible, right? I think that's been our – that's been our approach and disciplined, right? So this is basically something that you've heard us say many, many times. Now, in terms of the specific – in terms of the specific areas where we're interested, of course, given our very strong core, I mean we want to continue to invest in our core. If there are better technologies to perform separations that are dedicated to novel modalities to biologics, I mean we are very well placed to nurture those and capture those. And that's an area that we're looking at cheaply. We're looking at augmenting our instruments with automation. We continue to chase that space rather carefully. If I move to informatics, Empower is the leader in chromatography data that we also have the concept of creating a connected lab. And there too, we look for partnerships and expanding our portfolio, that's in the core. If you look outside the core, really where we see our technology is growing and some of the attractive data that we see our technology is going of course one of them is bioprocessing where we think step decoupling the process from the product is an imperative, and we believe technologies such as LCMS and technologies such as BioAccord in particular can help us help us achieve that objective. And we're seeing very good traction on that front, especially as we seed instruments earlier and earlier with our customers. So I feel very good about that. And then secondly, in and I've talked about LCMs in particular, and I'll let Amol comment on this as he gives you this view on capital deployment as well. On LCMs in particular we feel it's a technology that belongs in diagnostics and enhancing our ability to examine proteins in addition to – in addition to being genomics into that segment. So I feel very good about what we are doing on the LSMs front its early days, but we've done some pilots. We think we can do a fair bit organically, but we also might require partnerships. So that hopefully gives you a flavor of the areas we're thinking off. Amol, did you want to comment a bit on how we are thinking about.
Udit Batra: Yes. Thanks, Patrick for the question. I'm super excited about what's happening in China. We have a new leader for the last few months, and she's been making a tremendous changes that I've lead to acceleration. In the first quarter you'll remember that, that the pandemic hit China first. So the first quarter also actually weaker than the second quarter in China until you'll see a bit of a comp effect, but fundamentally all the initiatives that we've launched at global level are on China speed in China, right? So let me explain. From a factual perspective, right, so the second quarter growth was roughly 40% versus the previous year driving that instruments, the Arc HPLC was the design for the China market, and it's done very well, especially given its better performance in any of the – any of the other instruments available in the market. Second, from a consumables perspective we've seen really good progress on in China, in – mostly in the – even in excess of the instrument growth in some cases. And then finally on the CRO, CDMO and CTO sort of initiative; remember we talked about the food market in the past and we've said we were underweight in the food market. In China we've seen very good growth there; almost doubling of the business versus the same period last year. And then sort of CRO and the CDMO piece are -- the growth that I've mentioned was a global growth meaning 60% on a full year – on a two year stack basis. This in China is – this turnaround of growth for CRO, CDMO segment started in China. So feel very good about what's happening in China. And we'll just, I would say we've just begun on looking at newer segments, like the contract testing segments, both in food and pharma. We've started to work really efficiently and effectively on our presence and placement of instruments. And I feel very good about what we're going to do on the consumer growth side as well. So I hope that gives you a bit of color on what we see in China.
Udit Batra: Just to first quantify a little bit, right, so we said there are about 8,000 or so alliance instruments that that required a placement at our own 4,000-ish which is half the number for UPLC Acuity, and about 1,000 Tandem Quads, right? So varying degrees of progress on all of those, they should continue for a little bit of time, while we work through our own portfolio and then turn our attention to the competitive portfolio as well. Which especially on the LC side, whatever is plugged into Empower with gold, our reps that any time there's a replacement there, we want to be – we want to be in competition, especially if it's a competitive instrument. So your question is more around what challenges it creates for the future. First, let me start with the opportunity; the opportunity is that as you have more instruments base, you start to see a better recording revenue. I think that is the first and the most important piece. The second is on the placement cycle. This will become modus operandi as soon as we brought to our own installed base, and as we moved to our competitors installed base are playbook, which has been honed over the last six months or so is now becoming standard operating procedure for our reps around the globe. So it will be – of course, I mean from a mathematical perspective the growth on the instrument side has been terrific. I mean, we think it's a benefit for our recurring revenues both service and consumables. But it's becoming our modus operandi as we go forward. So Waters will no longer be letting instruments and perhaps even competitors go off our install base.
Udit Batra: Yes. I think Josh, it's a very good question. And last week I was at our Immerse site, Immerse Innovation site in Cambridge Mass, and had an opportunity to talk to several customers, especially ones who are now working in the mRNA space and the SiRNA space. And I would say universally, we're far from having solved the challenges for separating oligonucleotides and mRNA molecules, right. And if you just think of the progression there, number one, large number of large – very large number of compounds in the pipeline that are now leveraging the mRNA technology. And you must've seen some recent acquisitions in this space as well. But if you break the problem down from a separation standpoint, there's the plasmid, there is the mRNA molecule, and then there's also the lipid nanoparticle. For all three of these [indiscernible] we are far from having solved the aggregation problem, the problem with affinity to metal surfaces. And as I said earlier, the introduction of the premiere technology couldn't have come at a better time. So I believe given the further investment in the pipeline of molecules in this space, basically oligo-based compounds, our technological focus especially on separations of these complex molecules. First with the premier technology and others that we're working on bodes very well for what we see in the future. And I can tell you that I mean customers, while we have delivered – while the customers and us working together have delivered vaccines in record times, they're very far from having native and efficient process. So something that is a significant opportunity for Waters from an innovation standpoint, as you go forward.
Udit Batra: So thanks for your question, Jack. Look from a supply chain perspective we have so far managed really rally with our suppliers and we are monitoring any dynamics in the supply chain, including ships that are stranded on the West Coast of the U.S. So we're very closely monitoring all those changes. We are in constant conversation with our suppliers so far so good. But I mean we are monitoring s things change, especially on electronic box. Let me also we're to Amol, to talk about the gross margin.
Udit Batra: Thank you all for your participation and questions. And on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our third quarter of 2021 call, which we currently anticipate holding on November 2, 2021. Thank you.
Amol Chaubal: Yes, sure. And, Vijay, to follow on your question on six fewer days in Q4, I mean, that impacts our recurring revenue particularly service because service is accrued on a day-by-day basis for the annual contracts, as well as it impacts our chemistry revenue because of lesser utilization days in the quarter. And so at this point with six days it has roughly 3 percentage point impact in the sales realized in the quarter from six less days.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Now, let me look from a longer-term outlook point of view from our margin profile, as you know, we have one of the best margins within the industry. We have a very disciplined sort of margin management profile within the company. And then as you step back, there are so many opportunities in terms of margins, right. One, as Udit mentioned, there is a huge opportunity in increasing our recurring revenue attachment rates and recurring revenue is a higher margin product or between chemistry and service, and that helps expand margin. As you look into operations, I mean, there's a huge effort underway on operational excellence and our procurement programs, which are starting to deliver and that would help our margin profile. We have a similar program underway on our service productivity initiatives, and that will expand margin and then there is the whole area around capability centers, and we haven't really invested in capability centers so far, and that will bring margin expansion. Now at the same time, as Udit outlined we continue to explore and nurture really fantastic adjacent growth opportunities, and those opportunities will need some investment. So the general plan is to use this margin expansion in some way to fund some of these investment opportunities and yet to deliver part of a steady margin profile. And as these programs deliver growth, you will see margin expansion show up over time.
Amol Chaubal: I think you've covered it well, and Derik as we outlined in our prepared remarks, right, our priority with the clear product there is growth and the team work there is well thoughtout as we look at, I guess in growth opportunities, and that's how we will look at capital deployment, right? We will pursue growth, remain flexible, but be well thought out in what we choose.
Amol Chaubal: Sure. So we do track our product vitality index and we look at it as products on the instrument side launched in the last three years and products on the chemistry side launched in the last five years. On our product quality index was close to 12% in the second quarter. We had very little, over to be nothing in terms of COVID impact on our Q2 revenue.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So on the gross margin, right, I mean, usually, typically in the March month, we take merit increases up. But that merit increase doesn't travel into the P&L because the inventory turns right on the gross margin side. And if you assume sort of a 3% merit increase, that will only travel into the P&L second half of the year with the inventory turns. So that sort of explains why gross margin is lower in the second half versus the first time.
