Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, and good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call, as is usual, is John Ornell, the Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, Vice President of Investor Relations. And as is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's results. John will follow with details of our financials and provide you with our outlook for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Ross, I don't think we're intending to say that we're seeing a real step function in what's coming at the fourth quarter. The pattern of activity over the third quarter wasn't highly variable. It was a pretty consistent quarter. We didn't see a significant drop in demand late in the quarter, as some have talked about. Pretty consistent. Now the fourth quarter is always a big quarter. It's the biggest quarter of the year and it was, of course, last year, but we don't really see much of a change in the momentum that we're expecting in the fourth quarter. And I'd say early on, it's early on in the fourth quarter, but that's reflected in how we're seeing early on in the fourth quarter of this year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we think that our -- as you know, we don't try to empty the bucket in our forecast. We don't -- we try to strike a reasonable course, hopefully erring a little bit on the conservative side as we posture ourselves. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves on the spending line and then have to carve back dramatically. So we think as we plan for our revenue line, we hope that there are opportunities to exceed that, and so we've planned our spending accordingly. I think that probably says it as well as I could say it.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I would say, with very few exceptions, our pricing has held up across the board. There's nothing in these results that you should interpret as significant price pressures entering into the competitive equation. We have nothing in our gross margin analysis that reflects any significant price concessions, and we don't believe that we stand to gain a whole lot by adjusting our pricing mechanisms, and in particular, places where we have seen weaknesses this quarter, we can't find any lost business because of price. We frankly don't see a whole lot of business being lost to competition that we didn't have in previous quarters. So we don't see a lot of market share changes. It's largely -- our results are largely due to economic factors, not individual competitive factors, I would say.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, sure, Doug. I think in the R&D area this year, you're probably seeing a little bit of a dynamic of some of the major spend in the software area that we've had beginning to modulate a bit as our unified platform gets completed. So you're seeing some of that gross spend dynamic in software modulated from what it was a couple of years ago. In general, I'd have you believe that our R&D spend is going to be pretty close to the sales growth. So R&D spending over a relevant period of 3 to 5 years is going to grow at about our level of sales. Now we, of course, are able to leverage our R&D spending more than some because of the high consumables rate in our business that doesn't require a high level of R&D spend to support that sales volume. So in a year where our instrument business is suffering the economic conditions that it is, it's the consumables business that's supplying the lion's share of our growth, and that's what you're seeing in that R&D versus top line growth. But long-term, I'd have you modeling R&D growth not substantially different than revenue growth.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We think that we can continue to, in a long-term sense, a 3- to 5-year period, spend SG&A at a lower rate than sales growth. We're clearly doing that this year, and that's not easy when your sales growth is under as much pressure, but -- and it's -- as I said earlier, it's easier to do when you see this coming at you, and it's not a dramatic change at the end of a quarter going into the next year. So we still feel pretty good at being able to leverage our operating income with lower SG&A spending versus sales growth. It was a challenge this year, probably a bigger challenge than it is in most years, but we achieved that, and I'll have you believe that we're going to strive to achieve that next year also.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. I'd say we're seeing in large pharma remarkably consistent conditions right through the year, mid-single-digit growth in that pharma category. I'd say, maybe a little bit of flavor is that we see it strongest in the small molecule Q&A area as opposed to the front end of R&D. I think that shows, to some extent, the conservatism of this customer base, focused on what they have to spend on and perhaps delaying some of the more futures. I don't know that, that's a good sign forever and ever, but I think it is something that we're seeing in our sales base, and it's been remarkably consistent, as I've said. It's -- it hasn't wavered too much, right, from the first quarter of this year, up at mid-single-digit demand pace.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the industrial applications are challenged. I mean, I think across the board, the industrial customers are clearly most challenged in their performance currently. We are hearing the most concern about their near-term expectations. Certainly, we saw in TA, which is -- tends to be a harbinger of the industrial markets, that their growth modulated in the third quarter. Even though their orders rate was a little bit stronger than their flow-through rate, it was still softer in the third quarter than in the second quarter. So I think that broad-based, industrial segment is clearly not terribly robust. You saw it today. DuPont results were not great, and I think that's consistent across that large industrial category. I think in the applied markets, it's really a geography-by-geography story. China's food safety business continues to be strong. Environmental applications in China continued to look pretty good. Food applications, on the other hand, in the United States, I think still await a more rigorous regulatory climate. They passed, of course, some of the laws, but the regulations have still not really stepped up to mean that, that spending in the U.S. has gotten terribly robust. So it's largely a case-by-case. But clearly, in an environment where our instrument businesses are running flat to a little down, in the hardware sense, pharma is the biggest piece of that, it's in mid-single digits, and everything else is not terribly robust.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think, clearly, the mass spec market, particularly the high-end, is the most challenged in this climate. So I think we're clearly seeing the most demand pressure come in that segment. It's also heavily influenced in that high-end in the bio segment of the marketplace, and that seems to be one of the more problematic areas in those pharma applications today. So I have no question it would, say, in our hardware area, the high-end mass spec arena is the most challenging right now, but it's -- we don't see a whole lot of share movement in there. There may be a little bit of share movement. It's tough to tell on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but I think it's more macroeconomics that's affecting our business there than anything else. In the triple quad area and in the single quad area, our results have been quite nice, quite good, and no sign of dramatic price competition. We are holding our own and there's no real competitive news in that segment of the marketplace, I mean.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I just think -- pretty much what I've said about pharma was typical in Europe, that the big pharma business was reasonably strong. It was concentrated in kind of those traditional pharma strongholds of small molecule, traditional drugs, weighted towards QA/QC applications rather than in major investments in the front end of R&D. So the normal suspects in terms of the big pharma entities in Europe were pretty good. Now 4%, I don't want anybody to think is the most robust conditions we've ever faced, but in a world of tough conditions, it was pretty consistent across the quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I wouldn't say of note in pharma. So if -- some of these large European and U.S. pharmaceutical companies have operations in Italy or have it in Spain. We don't notice that they're treating Southern Europe tremendously different for these large pharmaceutical companies. Certainly, local businesses and local government and university spending is affected in Southern Europe, particularly in Spain, I'd say. I wouldn't say in Italy we're seeing terribly deficient conditions, but Spain's a challenge, but not particularly in the large pharma segment. It's more in the everything else segment, I'd say.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: And, John, on the M&A front, I'd say there's not much news from our perspective. We continue to look at several things in the TA portfolio that offer opportunities to fill it out. Those are not meant to be huge opportunities. And then our more mainstream or in something orthogonal to what we do, we don't see anything that should pique your interest on the horizon.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think, true, as we launch new unified products, you're absolutely right that some of the spending for the development of software gets deferred and then amortized as cost of sales when you sell that software, and we'll be selling more of that software as unified started to get launched this year, and gets launched faster next year. But the revenue goes up as those products come on and the revenue is incremental.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: So we don't think it's going to be a material -- something that you will notice in a material sense.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I think, overall, the mass spec piece of the market is the most challenged right now, and if you're thinking about -- you look across all of us, you're talking low-single-digit growth and probably, the hardware piece is even softer than that across the industry. Of that kind of flattish revenue growth dynamic, Tycho, mass spec, I think, is weaker than HPLC. So I think the marketplace is, this year, down a little bit in the -- just the mass spec piece. Now it's -- you got LC/MS, and you've got overlaps between what the dynamic is in just the MS piece of the market. But clearly, to the extent that you can isolate those factors, they are higher dollar purchases. Capital spending is more restrained in those higher dollar items. They're not used as much in QC, which are much more resistant to growth. They're more in the discovery segment that people can control a little bit more. So all of those factors say mass spec is more challenged than the LC piece. The LC piece certainly has more service and consumables elements to it, and I think we're seeing that. On the other hand, I think the most challenged is the high-end research-grade instruments. I think that piece of the segment is most challenged. The triple quad into drug metabolism studies, the single quads are less challenged, and that's where we're seeing the best performance.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: But that comment, I'd suggest, Peter, is really on the margin. Our field resources and our marketing resources, well over 60% of our business is life science oriented. We're still going to focus most of those resources on pharma, CROs, biotech customers who are the main stream of our business. So yes, we have opportunities that arise differentially quarter-to-quarter, but the mass of our resources stays focused on a pretty predictable subset of customers.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, I mean not -- again, we introduce a new product like UPC2. We overweight demonstration activities, and we have to move some people around our laboratories to run more demos that maybe last quarter, they were doing in a different area, but it's really kind of on the margin. That's one of the reasons why we can introduce a new technology like this, and not have to layer on huge amounts of new resource. We can just move them, and then the next quarter, they'll kind of move off that a little bit and move into another area. So it's largely -- still most of their activity is focused in very traditional areas, calling on customers that we don't think are going away. They may have reduced their capital spending somewhat this year, but we've seen this dynamic year over 30 years, and they're not going away. And in all likelihood, they'll be back spending at a more regular pace as we go through future quarters, and we need to pay the same amount of attention to them quarter-after-quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think our performance this quarter was less robust in that biotech segment of the marketplace, as well as in the biomolecules segment of the traditional pharma business. We don't think that, that's a long-term market dynamic. Almost all of big pharma is kind of torqueing their businesses around to focus more on biopharmaceuticals rather than the more traditional small molecule drug marketplace. What we do think we see in this kind of period when there are clearly capital controls on, the thing that you can cut back on is the new stuff and the new stuff is bio. So -- and you can't cut back on worn-out instruments that are controlling production of the old drugs. So in macro terms, we think that's really what you're seeing kind of in the near-term. Over the long term, and I think that you'll see this in 2013, the bio segment, including the smaller bio markets, are likely to come back into the picture and be a more traditional piece of the pharma marketplace.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I think, as -- everything in the hardware area and the life science market, I think the hardware business for chromatography is pretty flat right now. It's a little bit stronger than the mass spec piece of the marketplace, but I'd say that's a characterization of the global marketplace, strongest in China, strongest in traditional pharma applications, as I've said. I don't think that there's any indication of significant market share moves in this climate. We don't see it. We don't see major lost business or gained business. Times like this, it's awfully difficult, I think, to see any kind of significant market share move. In times of low demand, people tend to stick with what they've done. As things change or get a little bit more robust, I think you can look for a little bit more swings to new products and new dynamics, but I'd say there's not much change in the liquid chromatography market. Boy, maybe on the fringe there's some, but we can't see it.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think what's going on in generics is what you'd almost expect in India. That's one reason why we think it's inevitable for India to come back, because the generic marketplace is growing pretty robustly as ethical pharmaceuticals come off patent, and you're still seeing the business grow for something like LIPITOR that just recently came off patent and has now substantially gone generic. So the long-term flow of products into the generic market, I think, is unquestioned. What you're seeing is a specific dynamic in India with the rupee being very weak, with government policies in India not being terribly clear. So generic companies and regulatory snafus in Italy [ph] among some of the generic companies causing individual problems. So we think that's limited to India, but almost everywhere else, the generic business is pretty robust. So I think you're going to see India return. Whether it's 1 quarter out or 2 quarters out remains to be seen, but other than that, I think the conditions are still very good for the whole class of generic drug manufacturers.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Very good. Well, thank you, all, for being with us. We look forward to updating you on our next conference call. Thank you.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q4 2012. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions, and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 in Part I under the caption Business Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release conference call and webcast is currently planned for January 2013. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to our company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those listed in our schedule, entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share, included in this morning's press release.
John A. Ornell: Okay. Jon, on the gross margin front, starting first, looking at currency, we had a much more favorable currency environment from a gross margin perspective in the 2011 period. We had a strongly appreciating yen and a relatively weaker pound, and that is always a recipe for higher margins for this business. So against that strong base of comparison, currency translation hurt gross margins by somewhere around 50 bps. Of the remainder, somewhere around 40 bps of the difference year-over-year within the quarter is more of a product story within TA. We saw what we think is a temporary shift away from shipments of some of its higher-end products that actually created a little backlog there that we think comes back in the fourth quarter, but affected margins at TA and for the overall business in this quarter, and a higher service mix within the quarter was favorable to operating margins, but not as favorable to gross margins. So I think as we think about all of that and look at Q4, thinking about margins kind of coming back to being somewhere around 60.5% is where we are currently comfortable.
John A. Ornell: Yes, there were small differences in currency, Q2 to Q3. Sometimes, there's differences in the accounting for the value of inventory quarter-to-quarter, so it's really tough to get it down to a difference of 10 or 20 bps on the margin line. Certainly, within the quarter, what was different, though, was the product mix piece versus the year-over-year. We did not see, for example, the TA shift away from the shipments of high-end products in the quarter in Q2, so we had a very strong margin, actually, at TA there. So I would say the bigger difference, Q2 to Q3, is more of a product story than it is the currency difference. And for the fourth quarter, typically, what we see is a meaningful pick up year-over-year, really associated with volume leverage of the manufacturing organizations. So we have a relatively fixed base of manufacturing cost. We're producing more. We're getting favorable manufacturing variances on that. So if you go back in time, you'll see that Q4 traditionally has a much higher gross margin year-over-year. We're still expecting about a 40 bps decline versus history, and that's really all currency in the fourth quarter versus the prior year.
John A. Ornell: Sure. On the share repurchase front, John, we had a target for the year of around 300 million. We had a kind of a front-end loading to that. So I'd say we're probably, from a full year perspective, just about on target to get to that 300 million. So it's a little bit stronger in the first half than the second, but it gives us a little bit of an advantage on the weighted share count to do it that way.
John A. Ornell: Depressant on gross margin percentage early on while we're ramping it, but certainly, the dollars should be covered in incremental sales.
John A. Ornell: Sure. Yes, I think as we think about the fourth quarter and look at the various markets, as Doug had said, there was a little bit of a blip in the base quarter in the U.S. in Q3 last year that maybe gave a little different impression on the underlying run rate for the U.S. than what we see in the order rate. But that being said, I would tell you that as we think about Q4 and we look at a 2% expected organic growth rate, we're looking at relatively a flattish performance from many of the developed economies in the world. So U.S., Europe, Japan are all expected to be somewhat flattish in that performance, and the expectation for ROW, Asia, maybe some of Eastern Europe economies are likely to continue to grow at a high-single-digit rate. And so we're not -- we're really not expecting a dramatic change when you think about the developed world in sum total. So I think the U.S. versus Europe dynamic, we're not expecting Europe to continue at 4, but we're not expecting the U.S. to continue at minus 4.
John A. Ornell: Sure. I think as we look at major product transfers and movement of production into Singapore and into Ireland, for the most part, the large amount -- the large transfers of those newer products is principally done. Over time, sure, there'll be -- incremental products will make their way into some of these lower-cost areas, but I would say that it's going to be a bit more of a challenge in a low-growth environment to think about leveraging manufacturing costs and providing meaningful gross margin improvement, and we -- the expectation will be to, at least, hold those gross margins. And to the extent that instruments can grow a few percent or better, then I think we're beginning to talk about a continuation of the volume leverage trends that will provide another 10 or 20 bps per year in what we believe will be a stable pricing environment, but there isn't a step function of gross margin improvement that we're looking at based on product transfers at this stage.
John A. Ornell: I think, Peter, as we look at opportunities for the business, we still believe that the area of clinical diagnostics here in the States represents a meaningful opportunity. We think that the legislation that's been passed, but not enacted, in food safety is something that is likely to come to the forefront, perhaps once we get through the election cycle. So to the extent that there's legislation enacted and in place that looks like what's in the EU, I think there's a meaningful opportunity for improvement in sales into the food safety side of the business, so those are at least a couple of areas that we look at and focus on. And I would say, just the new chromatography system, UPC2, is something that is going to impact all markets, including the U.S. So I think from a new product perspective, coupled with the clinical diagnostics and the food safety, those are probably the bigger areas in the States that we look forward to growth in 2013 generally.
John A. Ornell: Yes, I'd say at this stage, as we look at the production of products around the world, which really drives this rate, we're pretty comfortable that what we see for a mix right now was likely to be consistent with the mix that we're beginning to look at for next year. So I, right now, would anticipate that, that rate would hold as we think about 2012.
John A. Ornell: I'd say, right now, I mean, that rate has certainly gone up and down. I think it's getting to be something relatively neutral at levels where it exists today. I'd have to do some analysis to completely prove that, but I wouldn't think that FX from a sales perspective or even from a contribution perspective is going to be a meaningful piece of the overall earnings picture next year.
