Chris O’Connell: Great. Thank you, Sherry. As we move into 2018 we will continue to emphasize execution in our core businesses and delivering on our operating performance objectives. As we have stated we will seek to balance growth, operating leverage and investment in the business. With that we will now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get everyone’s questions, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and if you have additional questions please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, can we have the first question please.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. Thanks Tycho. Yes, we were as I said in the prepared remarks we were encouraged by the U.S. As you know the first half of the year we sustained some declines as it was pretty clear at the time and an even more clear in retrospect that there was caution on the part of a lot of U.S. companies particularly in pharma and some of the industrial businesses really waiting some of the regulation and policy and tax changes that came later in the year. We did see as you recall some improvement in the third quarter in the U.S. and then we had a nice close to the year. So I would just say that the finish that we had hoped for in the U.S. was. There was a renewed sense of confidence in a pretty broad based way across the end markets. And we feel good about that going into the year. Now, obviously one quarter does not a trend make and so as we enter 2018 we are hopeful, but we are also balanced in terms of what might happen from here.
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Based on the way the tax works and I will have Sherry comment further on some of the mechanics if you wish. Once we pay this toll tax, we have access to that cash. And obviously we are thoughtful in where that cash is to maximize the return on that cash while we go through our decision making on how to deploy it. And really my comment on cash is a strategic asset is a very thoughtful approach to making the right decisions in terms of allocation of capital to all of our priorities to invest in the business to show up our balance sheet and return capital to shareholders. We obviously have a great share repurchase program, as Sherry commented we are going to continue or even enhance that in the current year to offset some of the effects of the minor short-term tax rate increase. But we really have an eye towards being opportunistic I would say. In terms of investing in the U.S. as I mentioned it’s a much more favorable investment environment and there are clearly some investments that historically maybe we have been a little more cautious on the U.S. given the uncertainty of the tax situation but now are taking a more careful look at and we will obviously provide more details on some of the things that we are considering as we develop those plans. But we are going to be patient and we are going to thoughtful, we are going to be careful about that because we are very fortunate to be in a position of having significant cash to allocate against a high return on investment opportunities.
Chris O’Connell: No, it doesn’t change our view at all in M&A. As you know we are more organically driven. That said, we are also making sure we are aware of everything happening in the marketplace if we were to consider M&A would be from a strategic lens we would not change our approach relative to our investment priorities, but is a tactic to support a business strategy, we are open to it, but we would be very disciplined about it. And as I try to consistently say access to cash doesn’t necessarily change our willingness to engage in M&A.
Chris O’Connell: Yes, Dan, it’s a good question. And I would say it’s too early for me to put too fine a point on that. I think what we saw with our customers and in discussions is just a general relief that tax reform is here and excitement about a more favorable investment environment in the United States. And in terms of tying specific purchases of our technology to that type an event, it’s probably too early to make that directive a connection, but certainly there is a tone that’s out there that’s generally positive and we are grateful for that, but keep in mind, U.S. is really only about 30% of our overall business and half of that business is recurring revenue anyway. So, I think the effect you would see would be balanced.
Chris O’Connell: Yes, I guess I am not really an expert in handicapping whether pharma M&A is going to accelerate or not. There is probably better sources for that but I think my view on pharma M&A is that as long as pharma M&A is being done for the reasons of enhancing product portfolios and therapeutic portfolios, which is generally what I think happens. I think it’s something that wouldn’t necessarily affect us all that much. At the end of the day most of our business is tied to late stage development and QA/QC and we know that pharma companies who are under taking those type of strategies are looking to enhance their portfolios in the market and really leverage combinations to address overhead cost not necessarily innovation and certainly not production costs as it relates to serving the market. So either way, I think the demand for our products should be approximate and we will watch it carefully, but I don’t really have a clear sense as to how that may play out.
Chris O’Connell: Good. Thank you, Steve. I will try to remember all of that. As it relates to pharma and our outlook for pharma, like I said, we were encouraged with the close to the year we had a good solid year of 7% pharma growth in total and that was on tough comp and that is ahead – a little bit ahead of the historic trend line, so just to remind on the historic trend line, the long-term trend line of pharma growth for us tends to be around 6%, which is a little ahead of the market. We have been doing a little bit better than that recently. In terms of our assumptions for ‘18, again, we go into a year with a balanced outlook. We don’t assume in our guidance that everything goes right even though we strive for to do as well as we can. So, we are watching the market carefully particularly the U.S. as I mentioned before one quarter does not a trend make, but I would say we are hopeful for more stable conditions particularly United States as we enter the year based on the additional certainty there is relative to tax reform and some other factors. As it relates to academic funding, again we are not probably the best proxy, not the best proxy for that type of question since academic and government is a smaller percentage of our business. Academic though is the lion’s share of our government and academic category. We had a good year there. We had 6% growth, but keep in mind the prior year we had a 3% decline. As you know, that business tends to be quite lumpy. And while we did see decent trends in the back half of the year for the academic world, particularly really in all geographies around the world, it’s never entirely clear how sustainable that is, so, again looking at balance coming into the year in sort of the middle or part of our guidance for historical kind of range of academic type performance. And then I think the last question you asked about was instrument growth. We had a solid instrument year overall of 4% growth and that was on a comp of 6% the prior year. And in the fourth quarter, our instrument growth was about 3%, but against a very tough comp of 9% for the prior year, so really pretty consistent with historical trends you are seeing our instrument growth that is slightly slower than our overall top line average with chemistry and service doing a little bit better than the average in that mix continues to gradually migrate towards the recurring revenue. So, I don’t think there is anything that unusual going on there other than to say we are pleased with the solid performance across all those categories.
Chris O’Connell: Yes, thanks, Tim. Appreciate the question. In terms of long-term goals of net cash or net debt, I wouldn’t say that we have a pre-described formula in our head. We want to do the right things to be great capital allocators. I think that’s the bottom line. Like I said, cash is a great asset for us to have and we want to make sure we are flexible to invest opportunistically when the right opportunities present themselves across that entire range of capital allocation priorities. If that means that we are more cash heavy until that happens fine, if that means at some point we find the right opportunity to invest and get more debt heavy that’s fine too. It’s really going to be a function of the return on invested capital, which have been consistent in terms of being the priority and at what point in time those investments are most fruitful. As it relates to changes in R&D and CapEx, I think you have seen me really emphasize R&D in terms of the returns to the company and the organic growth strategy. In fact, I was looking at some numbers last night and our R&D over the last 5 years has very steadily grown and conservatively grown from about 7.5% of products revenue that’s excluding service where there isn’t any R&D, but 7.5% of products revenue to 8.5% of products revenue over the last 5 years in a very gradual study way and I like that. I am pleased with that, because we have also been able to cover that with efficiency gains in other parts of the P&L to deliver modest ongoing operating leverage. As it relates to CapEx, we have been a pretty steady 3.5% to 4% of sales type CapEx company and CapEx investments and opportunities to invest in CapEx, we would look at, but if there anything major we would obviously give more information as we assess those opportunities. So I would characterize the answer overall is open minded, but very disciplined and patient to B grade capital allocators.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. I think it’s – Derik, I think the industrial marketplace is in a good space right now. Heading into last year we were a little more cautious for particularly some of the U.S. type reasons, but as the year played out and we look at the year as a total body work. Industrial was right in the – right in the zone of the mid single-digits in a solid and we believe hopefully sustainable way. And obviously that’s reinforced by a broader global economic backdrop of a pretty good balance in most major geographies around the world, good growth, employment pictures are pretty solid, relatively low rates of inflation. So the overall economic backdrop and many people comment on this has been supportive of that. In our quarter there were some core key one-time type factors year-over-year as I mentioned we are in a 14% growth in industrial in the fourth quarter of ‘16. And so if you look at a stacked comp quarter-to-quarter is solid and we also had some lingering effects that hit the industrial category are related to the natural disaster aftereffects in Latin America. So there were some kind of one timers in there, but maybe the best proxy for us in terms of what’s currently happening in industrial is TA Instruments, you mentioned material science, material characterization, which is the heart and soul of TA. And TA had a solid year as we mentioned. That business does tend to be historically a little more lumpy, because it’s more instrument oriented, but TA is probably a more indicative of the underlying. Picture in industrial and obviously TA we are getting better than average results, because of the new product platform that we have the market, the discovery series and so we are doing even better than maybe underlying demand, because of that new technology in the market. But I would characterize industrial overall as reasonably stable. I am not one to call cycles, so we are just going to again watch it carefully as we go into the year and have a balanced outlook that I think it gives us some confidence and reasonable performance as we look at ‘18.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. There is some, generally, about half of the business out there is sort of replacing older units that are going out of service and about half is new adds. And I think the underlying thing that I look at is just the volume of testing activity and to me that’s in two different ways. One is just the additional testing activity related volume and looking at global prescriptions and global pill counts and the rising access to medications that many people are enjoying around the world, practically in the emerging markets. That’s sort of a steady drumbeat of fleet expansion if you will and opportunity for new entrants. We have a pretty broad pharmaceutical customer base, so it’s not just about big companies replacing their products and expanding plants, it’s also about a lot of new upstarts that you see across the range from innovator molecules to generics. And then obviously the testing activity on the innovator side with more and more focus being on biomolecules and more elaborate testing methods, those are both things that add up to that total activity which really yields at the end of the day, expansion of fleet, new facility and then some kind of drumbeat of replacement is older technologies need to be replaced.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. So again like I will go back to the theme that that we have a balanced outlook for TA, TA obviously had a strong year, they have tough comps obviously coming into the year with the kind of year they had. So, the counter starts at zero again and it’s a big hill decline. And as long as the overall industrial conditions in the market are favorable, I think we feel we have got the product portfolio to compete in that market. But again our guidance doesn’t assume that everything goes right although my expectation is to for TA to perform with the company average or better.
Chris O’Connell: Sure. In terms of Europe, it was noteworthy in Europe this year to have the type of consistency we had across the year. And it was I would say consistency quarter-to-quarter that was somebody unusual historically. And I think it reflects the broad base of reasonable economic conditions in the background. We actually had kind of an unusual dynamic where for the better part of the year all four regions within Europe were in positive territory Northern Europe, Western Europe, Central Europe and – sorry Northern Europe, Central Europe, Southern Europe and Eastern Europe. Eastern Europe had a good year that that business had been down and in some prior years, but had a reasonable year. I think we are hoping for again a balanced outlook as we come to this year, but I certainly don’t know enough to forecast individual sub-geographies with any precision. But Europe has been a solid performer for us really driven by that solid base of pharmaceutical customers throughout Europe as well as reasonable biomedical research world. Japan had a solid year. Japan was a pretty typical, kind of low to mid single-digit type grower for Waters in both the quarter and the year. And as you know Japan tends to move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter based on how the different categories are doing in fiscal years and so forth. But our Japanese business has been in the broader picture quite stable and a good cash flow generator.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. I guess like I said earlier Puneet, I don’t really have that crystal ball and probably not the best predictor of what might happen in consolidation. All I can share is the experience I have is I go out into the marketplace myself and as our teams work every day. And that’s that there is a broadening base of customers. And there has been a lot of activity at the startup and midsize level as it relates to our business. Many of those companies that I speak with are looking to build bigger franchises over time. They are going after multiple targets. And to the extent some of those companies are more U.S. oriented that gives them some benefit from tax reform as it relates to their own profitability after tax. Again, we – I would try to gauge the overall inventive and volume related dynamics for the industry at large, almost regardless of who is actually driving that. And we certainly see the big companies driving innovation. We certainly see the small companies driving innovation. And we like that balance that ultimately produces in our business. So it’s a dynamic marketplace and we will just have to what you play out and see where the opportunities are.
Chris O’Connell: Sure, yes. Let me give you quick comment on product and we remind you of my typical answer and that’s that new branding products are really important, but also the new technology that’s in the market is really what’s driving our business clearly in the last 2 years, 3 years, 4 years we have had some great entrants across the board from QD arc to QDA to TQS Micro, TQXS, the discovery series in TA. And we are really keying on a lot of those technologies along with legacy acuity and legacy alliance and all the associated chemistries. In ‘18 we have a number of platform enhancements that are coming out that don’t sound like big fancy new products, but are really important in terms of enhancing the overall application success of our customers. And then BioTOF continues to move well through development. I don’t want to put a specific timeline on the launch, but I am very excited about this program to provide more of an off-the-shelf solution for about molecule characterization that we believe can work its way right into the heart of the routine and regulated workflows first in development than in QA QC. We think there is a lot of demand in the market for it and all I will say is that the product development teams are working very hard and making very good progress. And I anticipate that as we move through the year, I will be able to give you a better sense as to when the market might see that.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. So, India as you know had a – we had a decline in Q3 as we had some delays with GST. It’s a complex process of harmonization in terms of both state and national transaction taxes. We did make good progress. One of the things to note though is that the laws around GST are still evolving and that system catch-up that I have talked about before is I think doing well, but still not out of the woods yet and so we think that this as we have said before that the full catch-up process takes more than a quarter. So I wouldn’t say it’s fully back to normal yet, but I think we are probably through the toughest pieces of it and we are supporting our India team with everything we have as company to keep everything moving while we get through it, but there really – there wasn’t any loss in demand through the process it was just more of a transition to work through and we are excited about our India business.
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Yes, thanks for the question on China, Ross, as you know I am excited about China, I was excited about China for my whole career in medical devices and now here at Waters and I think there is just a lot of interesting things going on in that economy as China really moves towards a local innovation economy. Our China business as I have commented before is actually more balanced than most of our major geographies in fact, while 60% of our worldwide revenue is in pharma, only about 50% or even a little less of the business in China is related to pharma, but there is a broad as you suggest a broad backdrop of industrial business of food being over-indexed in China and also the material science business there. I guess I feel like what we are trying to do is to key off some of the major government initiatives, obviously, a lot of the focus now has been on some of the evolution in pharma, there is significant investment in local companies seeking to serve the Chinese market on the small molecule side, but also on biosimilars, I just was in China in mid-December and one night sat down with 10 CEOs of biosimilar companies that were all Chinese biosimilar companies serving the local market and I can’t quite quantify what that exactly means, but I do see a lot of drive for innovation and a lot of optimism that those markets are there and that the government is going to support those therapies as come to patients. There are some broader things going on in China too around one belt, one road around healthy China 2030 and other key initiatives that we are just making sure that we are providing the type of technologies in service, but that companies in China need to take advantage of those trends. So, there is definitely a tilt towards some localization there and we are looking at strategies as to how we continue to localize, but overall we are just trying to maintain that balance in that growth and make sure we feed the eagles in China with the right investments, so that they can continue to grow and perform.
Chris O’Connell: Yes, I think that’s a crystal ball type question that I would hesitate to put too fine a point on. Obviously, there are different dynamics as it relates to comps, tougher comps and easier comps in various quarters by various geographies and the math is fairly clear there, but I guess the thing that I am assuming and I feel good about is the balance across geographies backed by some reasonable assumptions in the overall global economy and balance across our customer-defined end markets that we saw this year. I mean, if you look at 2017 overall we got 7% out of pharma, 5% out of industrial and 6% out of government and academic. And while those numbers are not completely similar to historic numbers, they do underscore the balance that we see in our business right now. So balance, balance, balance is what we strive for and we will obviously build plans to address unforeseen circumstances as they come up, but just keep our eye on the ball as it relates to delivering this year, but also investing in things that are exciting and will lead to sustainable growth for the future.
Chris O’Connell: So, anyway with that, I think we need to wrap up. We are a little over the hour and I do want to thank all of you for your great questions. Concluding now, we are pleased with our fourth quarter as I mentioned and our full year results for 2017 and it was headlined by our ability to deliver consistently strong organic revenue growth combined with disciplined P&L management to deliver double-digit earnings per share growth. As we move into 2018, we remain focused on execution and feel that market conditions combined with our strong competitive position support continued success. So, on behalf of our entire management team, I would like to thank you for your support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q1 2018 call, which we currently anticipate holding on April 24, 2018. Thank you and have a great day.
