Udit Batra: Thank you. Thank you, Vijay. And first let me say I'm super pleased with how we've finished the year. Looking ahead, I think we've guided I think more prudently than not. I think we have, I would say, we expect - the basis of the guidance for the full year which is about 5% to 8% is continuing strength in pharma. And there are three factors, if they go better would tend towards the higher end of the guidance, both in short and the mid-term; first, recovery of the other markets beyond pharma. Second, continuing tailwind from COVID-19 programs where we've seen our par expecting. And third, even more stronger contribution from our turnaround program. So I think I would simply say the guidance is prudent and we see several triggers that should allow us to get on the higher end, if they turn in the right direction.
Udit Batra: Sure, some, in fact look, the LC replacement initiative, the one that I introduced in the call earlier, is off to a wonderful start. If you look at the HPLC to UPLC mix of our installed bases, I would say roughly 53% to 47% HPLC to UPLC. And in terms of dimensionalizing it, remember we talked about Alliance in particular instruments that are now on limited service, assuming there are about 8000 or so of them we expect 10% to 15% of those to be replaced. The initiative in itself is off to an excellent start. I mean, we've contacted over 60% of those customers already, received rather positive feedback. And I would say a couple of facts; one, Arc HPLC is of course helping quite a bit in the replacement, but what we've seen in Q4 is the highest win loss ratio that we've seen in over three years for our LC instruments. So this bodes well for the initiative and we're seeing rather positive uptake. Second, you asked a question on premier, we launched our premier columns in Q4. These are especially designed for molecules that have affinity for metals, and we've designed a non-absorptive surface which increases the efficiency of the separation. And if you'd say, well what is the application, the application is actually squarely targeted towards larger molecules and oligonucleotides, and the uptake has been excellent. And I would say it's even, it will get even more interesting when we take the technology and implement it across our UPLC instruments such as ACQUITY premiere, and that's set to launch on February 10. The pre-market works have been very, very good and I expect that to do just as well. So, I hope that gives you more clarity on LC, and also on premier.
Udit Batra: Yes look Tyscho, we are being prudent with what we are guiding at this stage, right? I mean, so if you just look at the, or let me start with the overall commentary and then I'll comment more on LC and the instrument replacement and the other initiatives in particular. Look, if you just look at how we've guided, we say look towards the end of the year we should and Waters has as you know underperformed in the last few years, we would want to reach market growth of above in the next 12 to 18 months and these initiatives will help us. Right? So if I just now break it down, if our initiatives do better than planned, if other end markets recover and we continue to see COVID tailwind, we believe that we will be on the higher end of the guide, and that should set us up very nicely for the future. As far as the LC instrument replacement cycle is concerned, we're in the early stages of the innings. I mean it's a good start, but it's a start all the same. I don't want us to get overconfident with one data point. I believe the execution is very good. We have a good feedback from our customers. I do believe, especially with Arc HPLC the launch of premier we will continue to see strength in LC, but I would still want to remain prudent. So as I said, it's one data point, it's a good data point, but I would not want to extrapolate just based on one data point at this stage.
Udit Batra: Yes, I think let's take it across the portfolio. Right? So I've had a chance to examine the portfolio. I would say again, if you remember the turnaround plan was the first focus is on the short term commercial momentum. I think you would agree that that gives us freedom to act. Then we get our processes and systems right and then we focus on the portfolio. So there will be more to say about the portfolio in the future, but the current assessment suggests the following. First, if you just look at the instrument portfolio, our mass spec portfolio has been completely refreshed with five new launches in 2019 alone, and we've talked a lot about BioAccord, but also our Tandem Quad portfolio with the Xevo line has done quite well, especially if you look at the uptake for traditional Chinese medicine in China and small molecule organic testing with that portfolio. So the mass spec portfolio, both on tandem quad and high res I feel good about. Of course there's always more to do, but it's a very, very good start. And if I move to LC, we talked a bit about HPLC and premier, both are significant steps forward for our portfolio. And as I mentioned earlier, we are thinking of how to re-imagine the LC instrument, especially in the QA/QC space and there'll be more to say about that in the next few years, that programs went under okay. If I move on to the consumer goods side, both for small and large molecule pharma, our portfolio is very well set. I won't speak much about the small molecule. I think that is well understood. But on the large molecule side our ACQUITY columns in particular have been designed for large molecules and these were for proteins, for peptides, for oligos, and now with the launch of premier that even strengthens the position further. So across the portfolio on the instrument side, on the consumable side, and with service we continue to look for better options. I believe we're doing, we've done a lot. We're doing a fair bit to continue to refresh the portfolio. And going forward, I mean there are of course, there are of course things to do to enhance the portfolio, but I don't feel for a second that we are disadvantaged versus competition in the market. So, I think for the short term, I believe with the hand that we have we can fight pretty well.
Udit Batra: Thanks. Thanks, Doug. Look, it's a good quarter. It's a strong start to our initiatives, and especially the LC initiative, which we've talked about a fair bit. The basic assumption is and as you mentioned, is that there is a replacement cycle and replacement cycle of our instruments in the past as I mean, we knew about it, and we've been at it for a while. But I think the focus that we have now and you'd say well, what are you doing differently? I think what we're doing differently from the past, which starts to show, starts to pay dividends is that we're using we know exactly where these instruments are. We've taken a look at the database. We've targeted our reps to those exact channels, to those exact customers and in addition, armed with Arc, Arc HPLC has a new product in addition to our value proposition with Premier, we feel our full portfolio with the LC, with Premier, with our service offering, is off to a good start in this replacement cycle. I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves and I won't speculate too much on the future, but this data point looks good and leading indicators in terms of orders also look rather good. Now in terms of how you should think about it, in the future, I think I'd rather share the fact after we're done rather than speculating, but all I can say is the data points we have at this point in time look positive, both in terms of how the customers are receiving our value proposition and how they're targeting the customer. So I mean, in general I will remind you that Waters is an LC company, right? Any time we do something on LC, our whole team, our sales team, our service team gets super enthusiastic and we're seeing some of that in the results. So I’ll stop there and of course happy to answer any follow ups.
Udit Batra: Thanks Doug. Again, a very perceptive question and look at from your view, you somehow answered your question in the last comment. I mean, we will not be reactionary to anything. I think, R&D and having been a researcher myself for a good part of my career, I mean, we want to focus on fundamentals. We want to focus on technology development and Waters is a technology oriented company, so we will stay true to the problem solving that we have to do. Now to some facts. If you look at the R&D productivity in recent times, the mass spec portfolio has been completely renewed, both on the high res side as well as on the tandem quad side. And to provide you more color on the tandem quads we're seeing very good uptake of those. In particular, as I mentioned earlier, in China we wanted to continue to work on our software on those tandem quads to even increase the uptake in Pharma DMPK sort of areas as well. So I feel we have done a good job in refreshing the mass spec portfolio and we also know what we need to get done specifically, and we are funding those programs very well, especially on the informatics side for mass spec. BioAccord is another case in point. I mean, as you know, QA/QC -- LC-MS and QA/QC is somehow the holy grail in the industry to be able to take large molecules to the same place where small molecules are in release testing. And we have a robust and reliable instrument in BioAccord, which is starting to see very good uptake. And we have a really clear roadmap in increasing applications and improving the software on that front as well and that's very well funded. If I now turn to the LC side, I mean we've redoubled that effort on that front, both on the commercial side, but also on the R&D side and it's a question of turning our dollars to the right programs, and there on the consumables, in particular, with the launch of Premier has been received very well in the market. We're expanding that technology into our full instrument space and that should be, that is something that the market is I think looking forward to have a non-absorptive surface for full instruments. And there again, there is a strong effort on the software side as well to take Empower into the cloud and expand the applications there. And then finally, if I turn to the service side, there we are always looking at better value propositions. And here, it's not necessarily a product based innovation, but it's a service based innovation. Many of our customers are asking us for more flexible value propositions especially when it comes to, I would say almost on a la carte cart service, if based on the utilization, and we are offering those value propositions as well. So I've gone on long, but just to give you a flavor that the R&D programs are based on specifics and not what appears to be popular and we will not be shy in increasing that funding and you'll hear more about that as we go forward.
Udit Batra: Sure. I use that as an example, as an example Dan when we were talking about BioAccord in particular. Right? I mean, products that require a deeper explanation, products that could benefit from our customers, our customers being coached on how to use it, how to develop methods on them. And for BioAccord in particular, and I'll just use that as an example, that's off to an excellent start. Right? So we have done specialty reps and we've created a specialty reps team and turned them towards specific customers, especially ones with large molecule and oligonucleotide applications. And they've gone in and developed methods for these customers. And in many cases, we have follow on orders as well. And to just come back to the facts, I mean, for BioAccord Q4 was the best quarter since its launch by several fold. So we think this approach is working. Now in terms of what fraction of the total field force is specialty versus generalist, look most of our reps have a technical training. And the reasons Waters has been successful in the market for so long is because of our because of our technical capabilities and how we are able to partner with our customers. And now, we basically trained a few of them on specific methods. I would say we will continue to expand it. If it works more, we'll continue to expand that specialty field force for more complex applications and BioAccord is just a start. I hope that gives you a bit more clarity. I don't want to quantify the fraction of field force that have done specialty. We will basically it's a pilot that seems to be showing results and will continue to expand as there are larger number of customers and targets.
Udit Batra: But in general, I mean, just to expound on your question earlier and give you something specific, in general, it's a good assumption that we are introducing products that have a higher margin profile than we have in the past. I think that's a reasonable assumption.
Udit Batra: Stephen, good afternoon. Thank you for both of those questions. First, on instrument growth versus recurring, you saw in the fourth quarter that recurring revenues were double digits, instruments were mid single digits. And I think, going forward also, I mean, if you just think through what we are thinking, what we are hoping to see in the future, I mean, we expect that pharma continues, and you should see a similar sort of mix going forward as well. If Pharma continues its trend and as other end markets recover, we expect a bit of upside to it. And if you just turn a bit towards, I think, rather than giving you ratios, let me give you a bit of specifics on how one could think about it. If you just take off, I think of applications in pharma for both small and large molecules, and let me just give you a bit of the portfolio that goes towards that. Right? So small molecules, I mean, as that rises, especially as generics consumption, and products for COVID, especially therapeutics, small molecule therapeutics rise, we see our LC portfolio with Arc HPLC in particular, going up. Then if you turn to large molecules, you can start with consumables and then the reason I'm giving you the specifics is, just to give you color that on both fronts there is reason to believe that that we should see some optimistic development. And on the consumable side for large molecules first, I mean, our ACQUITY columns for UPLC have been designed in particular for large molecules. This starts with proteins, with peptides, glycans and also oligos. The Premier getting launched first as a column, the technologies is has got very good traction, especially for oligonucleotide applications and now it goes into the instrument space. So it's rather broad based, if I just take the LC example, both on the UPLC side and the HPLC side. And from our spec, as you already know, BioAccord and QDa have done pretty well for large molecule applications in Q4, so very, very broad based. I would not speculate on one or the other, but I would say, Q4 gives you a good indication of what we should see even going forward, if not better. Now, in terms of large orders, and to give you give you color on my comment on large orders. Previously, you see with the LC replacement initiatives we've had some customers come in and asked us to replace their full fleet. And that has resulted in some of the largest orders and this is why I'm rather optimistic about this initiative. So that gives you more color. On the chemicals piece, I'm not sure what you're referring to the 14%. So I don't know Mike, if you have any comments on that I don't know what that is referring to the chemicals go to 14%.
Udit Batra: So thanks for your question Puneet on China. Look, I mean they are extremely happy with the quarter. I mean, it grew slightly shy of 20% after I would say a very difficult first half of the year. And so we're very happy with the momentum. And largely led by pharma, both on the small molecule and large molecule side, and a very broad based growth across the portfolio, across instruments, both mass spec as well as LC consumables and service, especially recurring revenues did the trooper well in especially in the Pharma segment, so I feel really good about that. In terms of changes, I mean, it goes back to what we talked about earlier, really focusing the field on what matters. And as I mentioned earlier, as soon as we utter the words, LC at Waters, we have a genuine enthusiasm across the organization. And we have not just a portfolio, but our service teams are state of the art. So I think having the organization focused on LC, giving them Arc HPLC as a new product, and it was especially designed for China, in particular, right. So giving them Arc HPLC and Premier, to go out and have these conversations with the LC customers has been a terrific initiative. Secondly, I'd also mentioned our CXO [ph] contract testing and contract research organization initiative, that's also done rather well in China, our team has gone out to meet contract manufacturers, we've increased our penetration in contract testing organizations in the food segment. It's again, one data point, but it's a good data point. And I'm reluctant to start extrapolating too much. But it's a good data point, that gives us confidence that activity is at a higher level. Now, as far as incentives are concerned, they're no different than they have been in the past. It's just a question of focus, but giving the team's new products, giving them clarity on which customers to go after and working with them to succeed, I think are the key success factors, I would point to
Udit Batra: Sure. Dan, very good question and China, look we talked a bit about in the past, about what had caused the slowdown, right. I mean, the slowdown was led by the food segment, but also a bit of a slowdown in pharma and our focus on pharma. So I again, let me break it down a bit across the different initiatives in big Pharma. We expect our focus with LC, with Arc HPLC, with the launch of Arc HPLC and Premier and the replacement initiative should give us good tailwinds in pharma going forward. Second, for the food segment, we have really focused on expanding our coverage for the contract testing organizations. You remember, I mentioned we were a little bit late in following that trend. The team has gone and reached out to each and every one of those customers. And not only we have to make sure that our value propositions work before we start to see meaningful growth in that area. And then across clinical China is one of those markets that in the past we were very well in that segment. I mean, this year, we've seen some headwinds especially due to the diversion towards COVID-19 testing. So I expect that to come back. So across the board, we see some good opportunities in China now talking at a bit of a higher level in the pharma industry in China. You - if you look at the latest five year plan, it calls for having roughly 45% or so of the production for biopharmaceuticals occurring locally in China for China use and today that number is around 20 between 20% and 25%. So there's a commitment in the Chinese government and the Chinese economy to increase pharma consumption. So if you feel rather well placed with our portfolio with our commercial focus to go after the opportunity in pharma as well as in food. And from a portfolio perspective Arc HPLC was specifically designed for the Chinese LC market. Our tandem quad portfolio is doing rather well for traditional Chinese medicine and food testing and environmental testing in China. So I feel very good from a portfolio perspective and from a commercial perspective on the basis set. But it's as I said, it's a good start. It's a start all the same. So we're a bit prudent about what we want, what we want to see in the future.
Udit Batra: Thank you very much. So as we conclude, thank you all for joining today. I want to thank our team for doing such a stellar job in the first, in the fourth quarter and we’re looking forward to continuing the effort and the strength as we as we go forward, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters and we look forward to updating you on our progress on Q1 in the Q1, 2021 call. This is currently anticipated on May 5, 2021. Thank you and have a great day.
Michael Silveira: Sure, I could. So definitely our operating margins are being impacted by the normalization of those cost options that were put in place in the second quarter. As a result of that, the COVID-19 pandemic these costs were temporary, and they included furloughs and salary reductions, but they have been restored already and we're already seeing that benefit in the sales growth. So, it will put a drag on our 2021 operating margins, but as we return to growth and we return to more of a historical, geographic and product mix in future, we believe that our margins will get back to those historical levels and maybe we will expand if we can get a higher level of our guidance.
Michael Silveira: Regarding to the 15% to 16%, we've obviously -- I mentioned that we actually have a new agreement in force so that will help maintain our current tax profile between 15% and 16%, but obviously with all the new tax legislations that could possibly come down the pike it would maybe a different story. We are looking at it. Obviously there's a rate increase from 21% in the U.S. to 27%. We estimate that the impact would be about a 1% increase in the future to our tax rate overall worldwide if that were to happen with that legislation in place.
Michael Silveira: Sure, I would just add that we do have a strong flexible balance sheet, but we also generate a ton of free cash flow. Certainly, we generate about 25% of each sales dollar that gets converted into free cash flow. But we can use that and obviously our debt capacity to both invest in growth, both organically and inorganically, but we can also return value to shareholders. We have -- our share repurchase program over the course of the years has been very beneficial to our shareholders. We bought back -- it's been in place for about 18 years now and we bought back close to $9 billion. So as we move forward through this year, certainly, we're still in a pandemic here and we'll evaluate how much and when we actually will buy during the course of the year. But again, it's about being flexible and we believe we do have that flexibility and strength to do a couple of different things with respect to capital.
Michael Silveira: Sure. Well, what I will add is that obviously, when the new product gets introduced, we don't have the advantage of taking costs out. So over time, over the next couple of years after a product is introduced, we're typically able to lower the cost to produce the product, which will help the margin significantly. Also, obviously, the more units that, we did alluded to that we push through the plant will also help margins. So the combination of those two generally improves, especially on the instrument side, as we move out from one to two years after we launch.
Michael Silveira: Sorry, so to expand upon that, the number is very small, so power to dominate a little bit, so that's the - pressure to be impacted.
