Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol, as I outlined at the beginning of our transformation journey and later at our Investor Day last year, our first focus was to regain our commercial momentum and strengthen our organization with new leadership capabilities. As you have observed over the last 2.5 years, we have delivered incredible results with consistently strong execution, and we have assembled an amazing leadership team that brings with it a proven track record in transformation, which is pivotal to driving seamless integration. Our second focus was to revitalize our portfolio. The success of our new product launches, the increased vitality index of our portfolio, and the rich pipeline ahead of us underscores our accomplishments this year. Today, we're entering our next phase, which is to accelerate value creation for our customers and shareholders by adding a fantastic fast growing technology platform. And increasing our capabilities to address high growth adjacent markets. So, with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Udit Batra: Sure. Sure, Luke. Thank you for the question. So, instrument growth in the quarter, again, finished with double-digit instrument growth. For the year, it's 16%. And it's really across the board, right? For the full-year, you see mass spec well into the [20s] [ph], TA in the high-teens, LC also in the double-digit range. And this is largely due to the success of our commercial initiatives, which were around instrument replacement and really focusing on our new product launches.  And there you've seen a complete revitalization of the portfolio, especially on the mass spec side, where we've gained traction in biologics application with the Xevo G3 with the BioAccord more recently with the cyclic and [indiscernible] absolute for food and environmental applications [on the light] [ph]. On the LC side, same thing with Arc HPLC and ACQUITY Premier. So, you see very strong new products coming through, which are gaining traction. Now, as we look ahead, I mean, orders are as strong as ever. We see a very, very healthy backlog going into the year. And as we look forward, the end markets are still very robust, right. So, we don't expect – and across the board, they are pretty robust, in industrial pharma itself, as well as academic with additional funding, but as we look ahead, I would caution against using the 16% and extrapolating. I think we've been saying this for a while, these are incredible growth numbers.  On a stacked basis, you're looking at double-digit growth for instruments, but we cannot expect the instrument growth to continue at a double-digit level. I mean the long-term average is around 3% to 4%. And if I were to just dig into the guide a little bit, when we say 5% to 6.5%, so the 5% – if you just take the higher-end and then make it consistent, let's say, with the recurring revenues and the lower-end consistent with the instrument growth in the future, long-term averages for instrument growth are between 3% and 4%. Add 100 basis points of additional commercial execution and another 100 basis points for pricing, and there you have the 5%-ish instrument growth. So, we think it – long term, we should be seeing healthy instrument growth. And I've heard several comments which say, ‘hey, you've seen serious significant instrument growth, will it come crashing down?’ Not at all. We don't see any signs of that. We do see it reverting back to, sort of long-term growth averages, and we think we will out-execute the overall market growth with our commercial initiatives, with our new products and with additional pricing.
Udit Batra: This is a fantastic question. So, the orders are growing very nicely, Luke. And we've been saying that for a while, and they continue to do so. Now, moving on to Wyatt, look, it's a perfect strategic fit. We've been talking about bioanalytical characterization, a 1.8 billion market, growing 10% to 12%. And Wyatt a 110 million, I mean, there are hardly many companies that are accretive to us in the industry on margins, 40% margins and growing at a 20%-ish CAGR, right? So, terrific, terrific financial profile. When you look at the bioanalytical space, and you talk about LC-UV and LC-mass spec, LC-UV and mass spec are used to characterize the sequence of the proteins, the configuration of the proteins, the chemical composition, right. There are exquisite techniques to characterize the composition of the molecules and the composition of raw materials, upstream, downstream process development, and of course, in QA/QC. Light scattering, on the other hand, gives you biophysical characterization, the size of the molecule, the level of aggregation of the molecule, think about monoclonal antibodies and proteins. And even more exciting these days is what it does for us in viral vector therapies, empty versus full [indiscernible], right. Light scattering allows you to get at that lipid nanoparticles, how aggregated they are, how well characterized, how full they are with mRNA molecules. Super exciting applications. And our customers, and Geof and Cliff tell me, have been asking us – or their customers have been asking us to integrate it with a compliant software platform so they can use it in QA/QC applications. It's already used by a significant number of large pharma players as an at-line testing tool. So, super excited, highly complementary. It gives you even a better footprint of biologics. And our dream is – and our ambition is to make large molecule characterization similar to small molecule characterization as we've done in the past.
Udit Batra: And just, Vijay, your question on pricing, it was roughly 300 basis points. For this year, we expect 200 basis points as an assumption for 2023. And you can imagine that's largely because the inflation is still not gone. Second, our new products definitely should command a higher margin as we go forward. And then, finally, the teams have built a muscle through these very, very difficult times on passing on pricing wherever it seems [reasonable] [ph].
Udit Batra: It's a lot of questions. I'll try to take them one after the other. 80% of the applications for Wyatt are in large molecule applications. As you know, we screen, and we were pretty clear on the Investor Day, we screen a lot of targets. And I can tell you without reservation, in bioanalytical, biophysical characterization, this is the Number 1 asset that we had in our minds. So, when we spoke with Geof and we spoke with Cliff, and we started our discussions, this was not something that's unknown to us. We've known company really well, really well for a significant period of time. And what Waters does on the chemical characterization, on the composition of characterization, Wyatt does for using light scattering for physical characterization. So with 80% of their revenues coming from large molecules, the growth is roughly 20%-ish on a three-year CAGR. Margins are accretive to our margins. And as I said before, this is not something that we see in the industry as much. 110 million in sales already. It will be accretive to our revenue growth and margin growth to our revenue and margins on day one. And to the 70 million, it comes across four dimensions. First, Wyatt is heavily concentrated in the United States, and to some extent, in Europe with less than 20% of their sales coming from APAC. And as you know, with Waters, geographically quite diversified, with APAC constituting 40% of our sales. We think there's a significant opportunity to expand and serve many more customers in fast-growing areas across the globe. Second, we want to provide customers with many more choices. If you look at light scattering instruments, especially MALS, it is sold with SEC columns, and Waters has leading SEC columns industry. The LC is used as a separator before you insert products, insert molecules into light scattering for characterization, not dissimilar to mass spec. We think the attachment rates could be significantly higher as we do the software integration across the two companies.  Number 3, it starts us on the journey of building a bioanalytical platform with a suite of products that all eventually have one compliance software that can be used across to submit data to regulators. And then, finally, there is an immediate opportunity to serve our customers a really big pain point of taking MALS into QA/QC, and who better than Waters to usher that journey through. So, that's why we think, by year five, there's a potential for [70-plus million] [ph] in synergies and even higher if the bioanalytical platform starts getting established sooner than we do Empower integration faster. So that, I think, gives you a color across the synergies, Vijay.
Udit Batra: Yes. So, Matt, it's a great question. Look, I mean, it's a prudent guide at this stage on services in particular, right. I mean service definitely will benefit from the incredible growth that we've seen in instruments over the last two years. In addition, we've increased our attachment rates by 250 basis points since we started our transformation journey roughly to roughly two-ish years ago. But I think at this point in time, especially given the uncertainty we see in China, we think it's a prudent starting point to assume what we've assumed for service. And for chemistry, I mean, it goes from strength-to-strength. We've seen our e-commerce platform do extremely well. We now have about 35% of our sales going through e-commerce. We intend to increase that number higher. MaxPeak premier columns and the pipeline looks extremely good, especially serving larger mole complex therapies. And now with a deeper understanding after the acquisition closes of the biologics space, we think there's a significant growth opportunity there as well. And there, too, we are a bit prudent thinking through what the rest of the year holds, especially in China. So, I think that's how I would look at it, right. So, really positive, but really thinking through how the year will emerge in China. And as the year progresses, we'll have more information.
Udit Batra: Yes. Look, I mean Europe has been a standout across the board, right, through the early parts of the pandemic and then, of course, this year itself. And also, on a stacked basis, it looks extremely good. The full-year numbers for Europe were in the double-digit range as you've seen. As we look ahead, I mean, our assumptions are still, sort of going back to markets [indiscernible] in Europe, which is mid-to-high single-digits for the balance of 2023. The orders look extremely good across all end markets. And I'll remind you that Europe is more heavily weighted towards pharma. And then in the mass spec space, Europe came out really, really strong, especially with applications in food testing for the Xevo TQ Absolute and environmental testing, which is where we saw the first and the fastest adoption of mass spec portfolio. So, mid- to high single digits with all the puts and takes, really excited about what we're seeing in terms of mass spec, especially in pharma and industrial in Europe.
Udit Batra: And then just one last thing. I've used light scattering myself in my Ph.D., I didn't want to let the call finish without stating this. And I was reviewing my Ph.D. thesis before this call. And you know what, of course, it's great. And for the life [indiscernible], I don’t understand all the equations that I was using to analyze it. So, we're super excited even at a personal level to get access to the technology.
Udit Batra: Dan, same thing, right? I mean we don't expect mass spec to fall off a cliff. I mean the applications are tremendous. The 5%-ish, I mean, the math is pretty simple, right? I mean, 3% to 4% long-term growth, 100 basis points of pricing in addition to the past and about 100 basis points of commercial execution and innovation in that number. And you can imagine, I mean, look, coming off such really, really strong growth over the last two years, we think the growth will start to normalize. Now that said, there's also a bit of prudence with China built in, right. I mean China is one of our fastest-growing markets. And I think, at this point in time, we feel comfortable saying, look, it's a high single-digit market by the end of the year. If the recovery goes faster, of course, there's upside and if they is more traction for new products, there is upside, right. So, I think it's a great place to start the year, and we'll keep you posted as more facts emerge.
Udit Batra: Yes. In terms of end markets – Rachel, this Udit, in terms of end markets, in terms of what we see as visibility, there is no signal that the fundamental demand for our products in China is slowing down. There is no sub signal. So, we feel very good about China and it's a good place to start at the beginning of the year to assume a high single-digit-ish growth. And as I mentioned, if the recovery is faster, of course, you expect faster growth.
Udit Batra: Yes. So Josh, thank you for your comment. Look, on the LC replacement cycle, and I guess, overall, the instrument replacement cycle, we've been pretty clear, we're almost one-third of the way through in 2022 when we started about two years, two-ish years ago. So, there's a pretty significant runway. Now, it's – these things don't go in a smooth, smooth way, right? So, they go in – given that these are large orders, they go in a lumpy cycle, be it LC, be it mass spec, be it Acuity, be it Arc. So, I think that's the first comment on what you should expect in terms of smoothness of the growth. Second, in terms of what has accelerated the growth and how the replacement cycle has happened? Undoubtedly, the introduction of Arc HPLC has given the customers a more of an [impetus] [ph] to replace the old alliance instruments. And that has helped us quite a bit. Some of them have also replaced it with the Acuity line, which is more the UPLC space. But like-for-like, there are equal number of customers who've gone from Alliance to Alliance, customers have gone from Alliance to Arc, and then fewer have gone from Alliance to Acuity. Acuity, I'll remind you, is a UPLC platform, whereas Arc HPLC was specifically designed for high volume small molecule applications in QA/QC, and it's a direct, sort of replacement for Alliance. So, I hope that gives you a bit more color. But I think the right assumption would be Alliance to Arc HPLC and Alliance to Alliance. And then Acuity, small minority of applications.
Udit Batra: Yes. I mean – and with such a significant service team around the globe, slightly shy of 2,000 people, we believe that there is a significant opportunity to increase the service attachment rates. And in addition, about 1,400 to 1,500 sales, field sales representatives should help us increase penetration of light scattering. And Geof is smiling, as I say that, light scattering is deeper into our collective customer segments. So extremely, extremely excited about the opportunity there. But as Amol said, we think of instruments as recurring just as much as we think of service and consumables. They just recur over a longer time frame. And if you're disciplined, you can make sure that they are.
Udit Batra: Sure. So thanks for the question, Patrick. Industrial for the year just on the fact, I mean, grew 15%. And we saw nice high teens in the U.S., mid-teens in Europe, China, high single digit to low teens despite the lockdowns. And industrial across the board, right, so applications in food testing with the Xevo TQ Absolute, with PFAs testing was excellent. The PA business with battery testing, especially with the introduction of our new [indiscernible], we see incredible opportunity there to increase penetration of our existing instruments, and that's been going extremely well. And electronics, electronic chemicals testing has also been doing extremely well in the TA business, which has been in the high teens in the Industrial segment. So industrial, across all regions, across the food and environmental segments, as well as materials segment has been doing extremely well. So, I hope that gives you color on how we explained the results so far. Going forward, with the new products, there is a lot more runway for Xevo TQ Absolute and PFAs applications. We intend, of course, to take that instrument into the pharma space. We think there's incredible opportunity. For TA, we are seeing really, really good traction of our products in the battery testing value chain, all the way from raw materials to process development, not unlike bioprocessing, to now establishing online, at-line testing with our instruments for several of our customers. So, also going forward, a really healthy outlook. And I think the only prudence that we, sort of built-in is with what we expect in China, like China is a pretty strong grower in that segment as well, and we want to make sure that we get more data before we start reaching out more.
Udit Batra: Yes. So, the first two synergies, geographic expansion, segment expansion, increased attachment over the next five-year period get us to close to 70 million. And the last two, the larger sort of opportunities, the more ambition with the bioanalytical platform. And taking MALS into QC with Empower is something that we expect in the latter part of the five-year period, but not a significant contribution to the 70 billion.
Udit Batra: So at this point, I want to thank you for your participation and all your questions. And on behalf of our entire management team, on behalf of Geof and Cliff and the Wyatt family, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in our company. Thank you very much.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, I mean, look, Vijay, the FX situation has improved versus what we said at the end of Q3 earnings call. Now, we are looking at 1% headwind on sales and about 3% headwind on EPS. The 3% headwind on EPS translates to about 50 basis points headwind on operating margin. And the reason for that is, I mean, U.S. dollar progressively strengthened throughout the course of 2022, and then it, sort of weakened towards the end of 2022. But where it is today, it is still a significant headwind for the first half of the year 2023, and that is, sort of playing through the numbers. And the reason there is an headwind on the operating margin is, we are one of the most geographically diversified companies in the sector, and we have a lot of revenue coming out of markets like Japan and China. And while we are operationally hedged in a currency like euro and pound, we still have significant profit there. So, if you have a headwind that profit shrinks, and then we don't have the level of cost structure in these other markets like China and Japan, which then creates higher FX flow-through on our operating margin versus our sales profile by a little bit. And that's why you see the headwind on FX, on operating margin.
Amol Chaubal: And [indiscernible], I mean we had 80 basis points of headwind on FX. And the business was resilient. It sort of offset pretty much all that impact and delivered a flat operating margin. So, if dollar goes back to where it started back in 2022, I mean, all the work is done in terms of margin expansion.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean not much COVID in the numbers, right? So it's pretty clean in that sense. So, I would say a bit prudence there. And then here on the second piece, I mean, light scattering is further along in terms of upstream adoption in large molecule setting. I mean, as Geof mentioned, customers are eager to take it downstream. And now with this, and with our Empower platform, we will be able to accelerate that journey.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, I mean, look, we expect some of the headwinds we saw in China in Q4 to continue into Q1. And our adjusted Q4, when you adjust for that shipping was sort of 4%, and we think sort of our Q1 in China would be similar. And then as we know, you know China bounces back very quickly. And so, we expect that trend to, sort of catch up through the remainder of the year when people are back to work.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, let me quickly cover the second one. The load double-digit growth that we're talking about, that's the stand-alone business, the 70 million synergies that we are talking about are sort of incremental to that. And on the first question, there's roughly about 75% of the revenue is instruments, roughly a quarter today is what we traditionally call recurring revenue. But as you know with Waters, we think instruments are also recurring. And again, there is a great opportunity on that, not just on the light scattering platform, but also the HPLC and the SEC columns that go with it.
Amol Chaubal: And just to clarify that, on the 70 million that we talk about, there is very little – or we are assuming that is the time where it's super early days on Empower. Most of that is coming really from geographical expansion and SEC column and HPLC attachment.
Amol Chaubal: And then the last piece on China, Puneet, I mean it's early days. We're still evaluating. Hard to put a number at this stage on that.
