Udit Batra: Sure. So firstly, thank you, Vijay. Really, it's been another fantastic, fantastic quarter. And the growth has again been driven by instruments really leading the charge. Orders came in ahead of sales again, which increases our backlog. From a demand perspective, it's really very much broad-based. I mean, pharma grew 10%, industrial 8% and you also saw academia grow 16%. And for the first half of the year, all three of our end market segments are now in the double-digit range, right? So pharma is 14%, industrial and applied is at 12% and academic and government at 10%. So we see really broad-based demand across our end markets. And from a geographic perspective, again, nice momentum across the board. The U.S. and India sort of leading the chart. The U.S. at 14%, India at 24%. And very nice to see China really in the high single digits at 9%. And again, first half of the year, Americas at plus 20%; China, mid-teens; India, again, in the 20s. So really broad-based strength across customers and geography. And we see really no sign of any sort of slowdown.
Udit Batra: So maybe just one sort of summary comment on really the very precise and nice description that Amol has given. I mean our top line continues to do extremely well, right? And we've just guided to a double-digit growth for the full year after printing a 6% -- 16% growth for last year and then 16% in Q1, first half of the year in the teens. So top line momentum continues. This flows very nicely through the P&L. And the EPS on an organic basis is in the high teens, right, even for the full year in the guide, right? On an organic basis, it's in the high teens, which basically sets us up really well as we go into next year, right? And in our trends, in our sort of results, there is no benefit of COVID or M&A embedded, right? So it's a very clean number that you can build off for the next year and shows the strength of our business provided we continue to deliver on the top line. And with resilient end markets with great innovation and such a good team executing, we feel very good about where we stand.
Udit Batra: Luke, firstly, thank you for the question. I mean, we're very pleased with our performance. I'll start with the back end of your question and answer your instrument question as I go through the answer. Relatively speaking, when we look at our competitive environment, I mean, we're performing extremely well, right? And instrument has been a big -- instruments have been a big part of -- a big part of the story, where in the first half, as you mentioned, instruments are growing close to 20% and overall 13% or so growth and orders again being higher than sales. So yes, we read a lot about the macro challenges. But if you look at what we've been through from an execution perspective and now less than 2 years -- I joined slightly less than 2 years ago, we've gained our leading position, that, too, during a pandemic. Innovation is starting to contribute meaningfully to growth. So I have a lot of faith in the team that has been able to pull this off. So if at all there is a downturn, which we don't see from what we have as visibility to our end markets. And across our end markets, we are extremely well positioned. Even back in 2009, Waters was one of the few companies that showed a positive EPS growth. And today, we are even better positioned, right? So if you just look at our portfolio, at that point we had 40% recurring revenues, today, it's over 55%. Our end markets where we're seeing incredible strength, especially with large molecules in pharma, our end markets, we're over 60% levered towards pharma, and that, too, in late stages of pharma which is super resilient. In applied industrial and applied, over 50% is in food and environmental. And in the TA segment, more and more levered towards higher growth segments like batteries. So I feel extremely good about how we're positioned towards the -- in the end markets as well. And with such traction, even with such heavy headwinds from FX, we're able to deliver and commit to the EPS that we signed up for before. So feel extremely good about where we are. Now to your instrument question, look, historically, instruments, if you just look at Waters' history over the last 15 years, are 3% to 4% growers. We're clocking 19%. So it's naive to think that we will continue to be at 19% or so in instrument growth. So I'm sure it will slow down. But we have a lot left in the -- from the initiatives that we started with earlier in the year. The replacement cycle is still ongoing, we expect this to continue to go for the next 2 to 3 years. We see better and better attachment rates as a consequence. We've expanded into new segments with CDMOs and CXOs. So feel very good about where we are in the implementation of our initiatives and that continues to benefit the instrument growth rate. So in summary, to your instrument question, no, don't expect 19% growth forever, but do expect our initiatives to help us continue to drive higher than the 3% to 4% that we've seen historically. I hope that gives you more color.
Udit Batra: Yes. Firstly, incredibly proud of the team. I mean, if you'd asked me in April and May where we were going to land, I mean it was -- it was the headwinds that we talked about. In June, incredible, incredible performance from the teams to be able to ship the products that we did and get them to our customers. So I feel very good about what we achieved. And for the back half of the year, I mean, the full year, we think will be in the mid-teens for China. So no real slowdown. Again, strength across all end markets. And also in the TA business, right? So strength across, especially where we see our instrument replacement cycle doing very well, Arc HPLC doing very well. Increasingly the biopharmaceutical applications for our premier technology, ACQUITY Premier, doing very well. So across the board, China feels extremely good from a demand perspective. So mid-teens for the full year, barring any significant shutdowns in that geography.
Udit Batra: I mean it's a lumpy sort of environment, as you can see, quarter-to-quarter. But I mean, overall, look, 16% growth last year, mid-teens already at the middle point of this year, and we feel very good where we sit today.
Udit Batra: I mean, firstly, Dan, thank you for the question. Look, it's similar to what I just mentioned. I mean, let's just take each of the end markets in turn and the composition in each of the end markets, right? So in pharma in particular, amongst our peer group, we probably have the highest exposure to late-stage 1pharma QA/QC, which is -- which is more proportional to pill count. And recession or no recession, people don't stop taking medicines and they don't stop -- they don't want -- the pharma companies don't stop manufacturing their medicines. If anything, the R&D funding starts to slow down, right? So being levered more to QA/QC in pharma is very helpful, both in small and in large molecules. Second, if you look at our industrial and applied segment, over half of it is now food and environmental. Again, food safety, especially in our food PFAS testing with our renewed portfolio, is a strong, strong growth driver, both in food and environmental testing. And then in the TA business, that, too, starts to look quite different, right, with the batteries testing segment becoming larger and larger. So we're looking at more secular drivers across the end markets. And the growth is broad-based. The business is geographically quite disparate, right? So we have significant presence ex U.S., I mean, which, of course, when the U.S. dollar strengthens, we have to offset quite a significant FX impact. But it's much more diversified and it's much more helpful than when you see changes across different geographies happening at different pace. So feel really good about where we stand in terms of our end market exposure. Second, this market responds to innovation. And you've seen that already, right? So back when I joined less than two years ago, people were telling me, "Hey, Waters is levered towards the small molecule QA/QC segment and this is commoditized." Well, we've just shown quite the opposite with Arc HPLC coming in, with better performance, without having our customers refile their processes and revalidate their testing and we've shown that segment grow. So this market responds to innovation, and we are in a very, very good place from an innovation standpoint. And finally and most importantly, we have a team here with us that has navigated through the pandemic, through macroeconomic challenges, while eight out of nine of us are now new in our seats, right? So I'm very, very confident that whatever the economy throws at us, we'll be able to deal with it. And we are in a very good position versus what you saw back in 2008 and 2009, even then Waters was able to navigate pretty, pretty effectively. I hope that gives you more color.
Udit Batra: Matt, thank you for the question. We're very happy with where we are with academic and government. I mean, first half of the year, double-digit growth. This quarter, 16% or so growth. But I'll remind you that this is a lumpy market and we have a low base from last year, right? So if you look at a three-year stack growth rate, we're roughly 40-ish percent inorganic growth rate in that segment. It's very heavily levered towards instruments and instruments did extremely well this quarter and the last quarter. So still rather volatile segment because -- or lumpy segment because of the heavy instrument portfolio that we have in that segment. That said, we are -- we have initiated our focus and our turnaround in that segment but we are far from done, right? So we still have work to do on increasing our e-commerce presence and e-procurement presence. I mean, that's going well but not yet done. From a commercial standpoint, we are reinitiating and -- reinitiating our KOL contracts which help with our high-resolution mass spec portfolio. Even though the portfolio is renewed, from a commercial standpoint, we still feel we have work to do. So while we are happy with the results, I would not declare victory yet.
Udit Batra: Yes. So Josh, thanks for the question. No pull forward, orders are still higher than sales. All end markets, as I said before, are doing -- doing well. So we feel good about where we stand from a demand perspective. And it's too early to talk about 2023, right? So there's a balance of the year to navigate in a turbulent environment. That said, the demand drivers are still there. Innovation is doing very well. And we feel that where -- our commercial presence is -- and our commercial execution is helping us grab opportunities and differentially so versus our competition. So thank you for the question, but no pull forward, feel very good about where we stand from a demand perspective.
Udit Batra: And then I think I didn't address your backlog question. I mean the backlog is at healthy levels, right? Waters did not have for a while, I would say, a healthy backlog. We feel more than feel at least a bit better that we have a reasonable backlog. It's not -- it's reasonable, but it's not super, super substantial, right? It's reasonable it allows us to navigate through any sort of turbulence. A lot of visibility into Q3, and we feel good again about how we will end the year.
Udit Batra: Rachel, thank you for the question. Really no impact that we have seen. No discussions from a customer perspective on what they're expecting. I'll remind you, we are, again, focused more on the late-stage part of -- late-stage part of the pharma value chain, right, QA/QC. And our costs are such a small portion of pharma, it usually does not impact us, right? So we don't expect that to be a discussion. COGS is such a small portion of most pharma companies sales that it's not a place where they look for costs. So we have not seen that in the past when pricing discussions have come up. And we don't expect it -- and we don't see any signals right now and we don't expect it to be in the future given that we're in the QA/QC domain in COGS is such a small portion of their cost base. Now in the early stages of research, perhaps there could be an impact, but we -- as I said, we're very levered towards QA/QC.
Udit Batra: Puneet, thanks for the question. Look, I mean, our capital allocation priorities remain the same. Growth is still where we are focused, right? And it starts with organic growth, right? So that's where we allocate capital first. And that is going extremely well. And we're funding internal innovation, we're funding our high-growth adjacencies, seeing really nice results. I was at AACC last week with the team on LC, MS for diagnostics, and there is a clear value proposition where as customers discover new biomarkers, mass spec has a meaningful role to play. And that reaffirmed -- we took our R&D team, we took our commercial team and we had many different workshops there with different customers. And so really feel good about what we're doing from an organic perspective and want to fund that set of adjacencies, bioseparations, analytical bioprocessing as well as batteries and LC, MS and diagnostics, so we want to fund that first. Second, from an M&A perspective, really what you should take away is, I mean, we are, of course, on the lookout for things that fit into our strategic priorities. But there's really no rush, right? I mean we've announced a few collaborations. They're going extremely well, especially the one with Sartorius on the bioanalytical characterization space, especially upstream. But really no rush. And from an M&A environment perspective, lots of discussions ongoing. We are, of course, on the lookout. But again, super financially disciplined, right? So really nothing has changed from the time we spoke. And as we have conversations, I mean, of course, people still have memories of their 52-week highs in certain areas, but look, our organic business is performing very well and the focus remains on that, on partnerships and we have a list of -- and a nice pipeline of M&A targets that we're looking at now constantly.
Udit Batra: No, absolutely, Brandon, thanks for following up on that. Look, it's a workhorse instrument in that segment. And now along with the instrument being upgraded, you also have the waters_connect software, which is a compliance software, that allows not only for us to introduce new applications, but allows us to transition methods from upstream more powerful tops [ph] to BioAccord directly downstream, right? So that's a significant benefit. And that product has done very well, right? It's already doing extremely well with our customers. I mean the orders are again outpacing the sales. I mean, within the first few days, significant backlog developed, right? So we feel very good about what we've done there. And as I said, it's not just the instrument being more powerful in those segments, but it's also the launch of the waters_connect software, the informatic software that allows for an easier transition into the BioAccord in late stages. So again, really consistent with our long-term strategy of doing analysis upstream and making it seamless for the customers to transfer that analytical method downstream, especially as you look at larger and larger molecules.
Udit Batra: Thanks for the question, Patrick. Look, I mean, again, it starts with the organic piece, right? So let's just take the bioseparations and the bioanalytical characterization, high-growth adjacencies, right? On the bioanalytical characterization adjacency, we started with our collaboration with Sartorius, with our work with the University of Delaware, developed a deep understanding of upstream bioprocessing, downstream bioprocessing. The team has taken and learned that area really well. And I insist, I mean, before we make any meaningful moves in that area, we must organically develop that business well. And I feel very good on what we've been able to do in the last year. Again, learning a lot from what Sartorius does, learning a lot from what's happening at University of Delaware. So significant resource allocation there. We're not -- we're not sparing any expense as that business grows. We've already developed 4 workflows for the BioAccord for upstream characterization and 1 that is doing extremely well is cell culture media analysis upstream for bioreactors. I mean, there are 3 or 4 other workflows that have also been implemented that have been received very well. So the organic part of the business is doing very well. Now if you look at the M&A aspects of it, that opens up a whole bunch of M&A ideas, right? I mean for sampling, for data analytics, for other analytical characterization methods in upstream and downstream bioprocessing. And you'll hear more about that as we go along. And now double-clicking on bioseparations. There, we have world-leading capabilities in separating small molecules. We've already developed some nice applications with the MaxPeak Premier technology with our columns, right? So to separate oligonucleotides, to separate larger molecules better. We think there's a long runway here organically. The team is being built up quite substantially on that front. But it also opens up avenues inorganically as we learn more about that segment. So it would be nice to be able to work with somebody who has deep capabilities in reagents that are larger molecules, right? And I think that's the sort of thing we're looking at really carefully. So the organic piece is first, it opens up, it educates us on what is possible. It opens up many possibilities and that's the sequence of events. And we are, as I mentioned earlier, quite active in that area. We have quite a few ideas. And they're in different stages of pursuit at this stage.
Udit Batra: Thank you very much, and thank you for all your questions. You'll agree with me that we've again had a tremendous quarter. The team continues to execute in a turbulent environment. And thank you for your participation. And on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. Thank you, and have a wonderful day.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So let me take those 3 one by one. So on exchange rate, the full year guidance last time was about $0.45. Now it's 9% adverse, so $1.01. So incrementally $0.56 worse. And that plays out across our Q2, Q3 and Q4. And so if you see, we are covering that $0.55 with a better business performance. $0.33 -- $0.31 of that already came in Q2, because Q2 versus our previous guide, the exchange rates were worse off roughly by $0.18 and we delivered $0.15 higher than our guidance midpoint; so a total of $0.31. And then in Q3, when we guided last time, there was embedded assumption of $0.08 FX and now it's $0.26. So that sort of creates a $0.18 headwind on Q3 which is reflected in our guide for Q3. So that's the story on FX. Coming to gross margin, so look, I mean, typically, in the second half of the year, we have more sales and that reduces volume leverage, both in terms of our operations and absorption. And also in the first half of the year, 2 things happened, right? One, there was more activity around spot buys and that flowed through the P&L. We expect that activity to somewhat slow down. I mean the whole supply chain situation is improving but improving in baby steps. We are clearly not out of the woods, but it feels a little better than before. And the second piece is the exchange rates moved so quickly that you have transaction and translation gains and losses that also flowed through our cost of goods which is reflected in the gross margin. So net of those things, we think in the second half you will see a better impact on the gross margin side. And then the third question on the tax, yes, the tax rate for the first half of the year is lower than 15.5%, but that's driven by one-off discrete items which we don't think will repeat in the second half. And there will be some catch-up Q1 sort of how our phasing of the profit is across the year. So at this point, 15.5% is a prudent guidance for tax rate.
Amol Chaubal: Exactly. And just to build on that. The $0.55 sticks with us in the baseline and the $0.55 adverse effects, once the currencies recorrect, it will come back.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Just one thing to add. Last year, we had shipment issue in Q3. And so close to $12 million of sales moved from Q3 to Q4. So the baseline for Q3 is somewhat lower. And so you will see a more pronounced growth in China in Q3 with a more subdued growth in Q4 because of last year's shipment dynamics.
Amol Chaubal: Look, our Q3 guide is 8% to 10%. Adjusted for the shipment issue is like 6% to 8%. The implied Q4 guide is sort of 5% to 7%. Adjusted for the shipment is 6% to 8%. So again, I mean, at this stage, we have visibility in our pipeline for Q3, Q4. We feel good about it. But at this stage, it's good to be prudent, especially for Q4. So we feel good about where the guide is at this stage. And our teams continue to execute flawlessly and continue to beat our expectations.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. No. And just to build on what Udit said, right? I mean we have a fantastic team in India. And if you go back to the second quarter of last year when India was going through a very tough COVID environment, the team executed flawlessly and had a great growth in second quarter of last year. So the baseline was already high. And then again, this year, you see 24% growth in the second quarter. So a lot of confidence in that team. And then when you couple that with how we've sort of handled pricing through inflation, we've provided excruciating detailed transparency to our customers on what's happening on the semiconductor side, on the freight side. And that's allowed us to have the customers share the burden of pricing. And I think the same processes that we build, the same systems that we build are going to start playing a role in explaining the impact of exchange rate and U.S. dollar and where our cost base lies. And I think not just India, but there are other markets that are impacted by this and our commercial teams are doing a great job of providing this transparency to the customer so that we can work this through hand in hand.
