Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call, as usual, is John Ornell, the Waters Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations.  As our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's results, and John will follow with details of our financials and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think it's fair to say it was somewhat surprising to us in the same way maybe that the fourth quarter was a little stronger than we originally expected. The out of the chute momentum that we thought would improve as we went through the quarter didn't materialize in the first quarter. Now we've clearly, at this point, autopsied a lot of the particular regions, a lot of the large accounts. We believe we've got good reason to believe that this is a delay and not a permanent delay, and we've got some pretty good evidence of orders moving through the pipeline earlier on in the second quarter. So we've -- it's fair to say that in prior years, at times we've seen delays in capital at big pharma. This was a more significant delay than we've typically seen in the year. But I should say that it's probably split kind of evenly from the big pharma dynamic and the developing market. It's true that we didn't expect India to go gangbusters out of the chute as we weighted the beginning of the fiscal year, but it was a much steeper slowdown in India than we expected.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think it's always dangerous to look at significant share dynamics on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Clearly we've done that. You could have said, "Well, gee, they gained share in the fourth quarter, and something happened in the first quarter." We don't think that's happening. You always have some competitive losses and some competitive wins. We think that this is a market dynamic and not a competitive dynamic. We'll continue to monitor that, but we haven't seen any product introductions or customer losses that work against us. So it's fair to keep our eyes open on that, Nandita, but I can't say that we're seen much evidence of it at this point.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, Jon. I think there's a good reason for being careful about orders rate dynamics, because orders don't have the same dynamic that sales do and orders can be canceled, and order patterns can differ dramatically from sales pattern. I do think it is a qualitative measure that can be useful, and I think it is fair to share that our order rate growth was better than our sales dynamic this quarter. So I mean that's a fact that I think is a fair one to share. And the first quarter of last year, you'll recall we had some large mass spec shipments that came out of backlog, so that had an impact on us. But it's also fair to say that our orders came in softer than we expected, and I think the dynamic of the slow release in big pharma is a fair one to keep in mind. We think that'll begin to catch up, and we'll continue to monitor that closely. The second part of your...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Dan, it's a fair question. I think most of the attention is on bigger projects, infrastructure projects. I think as we continue to probe this matter and look at laboratory spending and life science spending, it's not likely to be the first target or a major target of budgetary slowdowns in China. Now of course, if a major reduction happens, it probably drops all boats a little bit, but we're not seeing it at this point.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Boy, it's a fairly broad-based dynamic. So I mean it's one of the things that makes us believe that it's not really a competitive dynamic. It's both Western Europe and the United States. They're pretty much across the board. Particularly, as we've gone back more deeply into these accounts as we've started into the second quarter, it's telling how emphatic most of these accounts are about their intention to buy during the rest of the year. I mean, that's why as we've probed, did we lose big orders? Did somebody else penetrate into these accounts? We can't find that dynamic. We can find a lot of complaining about delays in laboratories being able to get their request through their systems and their continuing desire to buy our products. So that part is confident, but the part that's sometimes difficult to call is when will it release. That's why we think we have seen some kind of a leakage coming in that release process, but it's way too early to declare victory that this just was a one-quarter dynamic. We'll continue to monitor this pretty closely.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think what we have seen indicated -- now this isn't an algebraic formula that you can point to. But we continue to believe that's consistent with what big pharma is intending. That's certainly what the people down the ladder in pharmaceutical QC and development labs believe. Now sometimes, they're out of step with what their top management, but so far, our triangulation suggests that that's still a reasonable outlook for the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I would say what we -- Japan's, with a few exceptions, has been a kind of stable, very low-growth territory for a number of years now. I think -- and this quarter, we had a particularly tough comparison largely because of some backlog dynamics in Japan last year. I'd say we're still seeing kind of the same basic level of momentum. Maybe a little bit of infrastructure spend in Japan has kind of gone away from the life science laboratory towards basic infrastructure rebuild. We hear stories like that that's largely -- no, you can't point to government statistics so much, but I believe some of that's gone on in the last 6 months or so. So if that's true, I think we'll begin to see a little bit of performance improvement coming out of Japan as we go forward.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No. I mean, traditionally, for a lot of reasons that we've talked about in the past, the notion of hedging forward your currency sales risk just doesn't particularly work in this industry. The yen has weakened a little bit against the dollar in the past 3 to 4 months; was in the high 70s, now it's in the low 80s, seems to be stable around that low 80s level. And the euro has been -- it got as low as the mid 1.20s. It's now in the low 1.30s. It bounces around there a little bit. That's the level that we're anticipating for the rest of the year. That's as good a forecast, I suppose, as you can make at this point, Paul.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, there are 2 things I'd say, Quintin. The earlier stage parts of R&D suffered the most. So that's discovery and the higher end mass specs, and then the Alliance aligned particularly with generics were the 2 major dynamics that we see in the pharma world.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Frankly, no, Quintin. I think we don't see any real competitive dynamic here that's changing the thrust. I think almost everything going on in India is related to internal struggles and the rupee, but we're not going to price in India really differently than we prize anywhere else. The end market pricing in India is about the same as we're seeing everywhere else in our international world, and we don't think that pricing is going to dramatically change our end market performance. This is something we got to work through. We have an excellent position. We have very high market share in India. We got to get through the local dynamics on the regulatory burdens and the CRO and then new product this year, the new product development issues that they're experiencing in India. We think we see some of that coming. I think it's probably going to take into the second half of the year before we see any kind of return to normalcy in India.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'll let John embroider a little bit here, but I mean you can see that our SG&A spending was flat in the quarter. We didn't dramatically adopt any plans to restructure our results because at this point, we don't think that we're seeing a long-term significant reduction in demand. We'll continue to monitor that, Tycho, and if we change that belief, we'll have to look at our cost structures. But I think you can tell that within the relevant range, we haven't exploded our cost structure. And as a result, if we're right about a return to normal levels of demand, then we'll be able to leverage that uptick in demand to pretty good earnings results.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I'd say Europe and U.S. were -- overall, had similar dynamics. It was similar disappointment in the output of the large pharma. I mean, Europe is probably a little bit more weighted to large pharma, and we clearly -- we anticipated soft governmental spending. We certainly saw that. I guess the -- and we've certainly seen the weakest conditions in Southern Europe, which had the most macroeconomic issues. And I guess other than that, I don't think that there's anything -- I'd say the weakness in the government academic segment affects the high-end mass spec and we certainly saw that, because that's -- much of that is government-funded initiatives. So I'd say we are not anticipating that to change too much. We do think the pharma segment should improve as we go through the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We believe that. We think we see some sign of that, Doug, but it's -- I'm going to be very careful, because I thought we'd see a little of that in the first quarter, and we didn't. If anything, we didn't. Now you've got multiple issues facing the Indians, including some relatively newly arising regulatory issues with their ability to export into the U.S. That may be making them a bit more conservative in how they look at near-term spending too. We think that's not going to change the ultimate view of India and the likelihood that the investments have to be made in order to keep up with the generic drug demand, but it might take a little bit longer than I'd otherwise like.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: If I -- as John has said before, we were careful coming into the year. We typically are, maybe we're even a little bit more careful in spending on headcount. So we were -- we're not adding heads anticipating that we would see how this year began to spend itself out. And I -- we're prudent in that, and we'll continue to be prudent.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I mean, I should say that what we are seeing is both the placement of some orders and the -- perhaps more confidence on the part of the customers that we're dealing with that those orders are progressing down their internal cycle at a more pronounced pace. So I wouldn't say it's all related to actually hard copy orders that we have in hand, but a lot of these customers had told us that they were placing orders in February and March, of course. I mean, we -- it was just not a dream that we had that this business was coming. They fully expected to get their budgets cleared. They fully expected to place them. And in many cases they'd say, "The order's in purchasing. I can't get it out of purchasing." Now those things are beginning to move in a faster clip down that process, particularly in a number of these large pharmas that we have good relationships with. So I'd say we -- clearly, some of those large orders that we were tracking and expected to get in the first quarter have now started rolling in on the second quarter, and that evidence makes us feel better.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think it's just fair to say it's early on in the quarter. Three weeks does not a quarter make. It's a good sign, but it certainly is no way to say that we've got the quarter in hand. So it's a good fact, and it's a positive fact that we didn't have 1.5 months, 2 months ago. So that's all I'm willing to say. It's no guarantee, but it's a good fact.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think it's been a continuing trend for a lot of years. I don't think that what we're seeing in the early part of this year is a dramatic change from kind of what we saw in 2011. You're continuing to see more emphasis on outsourcing, continuing to see these companies work with -- moving clinical trials into areas like India and Eastern Europe. And you're continuing to see a shift in influence from small molecule drugs to biopharmaceuticals, and we think that that shift to biopharmaceuticals is richer in our kinds of technology than small molecular weight dynamic. So we don't see that changing. You can't find a big pharma that doesn't lead any of these discussions with the fact that in the near term, most of their influence is on biopharmaceuticals.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I mean, we continue to look at doing other things of this nature, but it's hard to imagine that it would be getting much more significant than that for the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say we -- you heard us talk about our belief that pharma's going to improve. So I think we've talked enough about that. The industrial chemical and the applied markets have performed well, and we expect those to continue to perform well. So I think certainly on the industrial side, both Waters and TA have broad evidence that, that should continue.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. And thank you, all, for being with us. We look forward to talking, hopefully with better results, at the end of the second quarter. Thanks very much.
John A. Ornell: The second was just a question on splitting out the guidance between recurring revenues and instrumentation. And on that one, Jon, we're pretty confident that our recurring revenues will retain about that 7% rate you saw in the first quarter. And then instruments are likely to be the variable that, for the next 3 quarters, would bring us down to the lower end of the range, which is 5%. So instruments by themselves could be 4% to 6%, something in that range, with recurring getting closer to 7% for the next 3 quarters is what's incorporated in our guidance.
John A. Ornell: No, I don't. I think that, de minimis, it wouldn't even have been 1%. So I think the 7% growth is -- there was a little bit of a base comparison on the chemistry side. Service was very strong. We're pretty confident we're going to see above that rate as we go across the next 3 quarters.
John A. Ornell: Yes. It appears to be in about the 80% range at this time. It was higher in the beginning as we introduced the H-Class. That particular technology, unlike the original introduction, enables the customer to utilize conventional LC columns which, in fact, can be a broader base of manufacturers' columns. But in terms of UPLC utilization, the column attach rate for UPLC columns specifically remains very high because of their performance.
John A. Ornell: We also typically back-end load investment spending in new headcount and the like and obviously, we didn't do much of any of that in the first quarter and we're going to lag that out a bit too in the second quarter until we're comfortable that we're on track. So we kind of naturally in our budget cycle have that kind of capability to keep at bay those investments until we're comfortable that it's time to spend.
John A. Ornell: Yes. When we look at our pharma business, Tycho, it's about 60% of our business, broadly defined. The large pharma portion of it is about -- well, it's under 10% this quarter, but it's typically 11%, 12%, and that group typically lags the overall segment that we talked about growing mid single digit. So the expectation for large pharma within that overall segment is a few points less or more than the average. So it's a low single-digit growth expectation for these top accounts. I mean, they were down double digit in the first quarter, causing the issue that we're looking at, and we're confident that that's not going to continue at that rate for the remainder of the year. But it's really the generics. It's the Biotech. It's the CROs that grow more quickly than the average that we think will come back and provide an overall growth that's mid-single digit. It won't be large pharma that's going to drive us to that mid-single-digit rate.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I think as we look at the quarters of the year, there's no doubt that we have historically seen a fair amount of seasonality, and we have historically pointed out that Q1 and Q4 are always the most difficult quarters to forecast. In the fourth quarter you've got the capital spend, an elusive mentality where you're waiting for the big push at the end of the year for people to spend their CapEx budgets. And then at the start of the year, they have to re-up that capital budget. And some of them get released early in the year. Some of them get released into the second quarter. So the first quarter and the fourth quarter for us was -- particularly with large pharma, was always a little bit difficult to forecast. And we -- I don't necessarily look at this and say that there was a trend developing across last year for which Q1 is a point on any line. I see it as a point off the line. It's -- it is true that in Q1 last year, we came out of the gate very strong. There was spending very early on from a lot of pharmaceutical accounts. I think they felt better about the business or better about the business environment just generally. So the basic comparison was difficult. We thought we had that accommodated in a lower expectation for the first quarter than for the full year, but we did not foresee a significant number of large pharma accounts really spending almost nothing on capital to start the year, which is where Q1 landed.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I'd say that the biggest reason why Q1 was flat was because of lower sales associated with less commission, less cost on that front. We've talked about SG&A growing 1 point or 2 less than sales growth. I would say that we look like we're on track to continue to be able to assume that. But I would say that -- I mean, there are natural variable spend in the business that ratchets up and down with the sales line and largely, that's what you saw in the first quarter.
John A. Ornell: Yes. It was -- it rounded to nothing. It was a few points of the TA growth. So there was -- TA, we said, grew at 10% with -- before currency. It would have been about 7% without the acquisition, but it's de minimis on a full company basis.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I could get that. For the rest of the year, we're looking at a growth that's 5% to 7%. We're looking for the developing areas of the world to improve and to be kind of at the higher end of that, kind of a high single-digit expectation for the developing world. So that would include China, that would include Latin America, Eastern Europe to grow in the low single digits, being dragged down throughout the year through issues and pressures on the government side of business there. We're looking for the U.S. to be about a mid single-digit growth rate for the remainder of the year and Japan kind of a low to mid, depending on basic comparison.
