Douglas Berthiaume: Well, thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to the Waters Corporation fourth quarter and full year 2014 conference call. We appreciate you being able to change your schedules in order to be with us late this afternoon. It was a result of the weather emergency and the mandatory travel restrictions that were announced this afternoon by the Governor of Massachusetts that we decided our best way to deal with it was to release earnings at the close of business today rather than wait for tomorrow morning when we weren’t sure what the conditions would allow us to do. So, thank you for bearing with us. With me on today’s call is Gene Cassis, the Waters’ CFO; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. Today, I am going to start with an overview of the business and Gene will follow with details of our financial results and an outlook for our business in 2015. But before we start, I’d like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas Berthiaume: Dan, you will recall that in we faced two separate issues in China. And I think most people are seeing this is that delays in actually getting the process of orders to the point where they can be viewed as a legitimate purchase order. And then even once the purchase order is received, the banking system slowdowns of getting money authorized to support a shipment were slow. We clearly saw some progress on that flow of money. So, we think we are beginning on those scores to see some breakthrough, but we are reluctant to believe that it’s fully something that we can forecast improving is in the short-term. So, that’s the state of the state.
Douglas Berthiaume: And we have looked at the opportunity to accelerate that program, Tycho. You are talking about a program that could look at accelerated spending in the $5 million to $10 million annual level. We think we have some ways to look at programs that can contribute to not making that totally felt in the P&L, but to the extent, we are willing to bet on that that’s all reflected in the guidance that Gene provided.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think it’s probably all of those. Certainly, the QDa has been very successful, but it certainly didn’t add up to the 8 to 10 points of organic growth. It may have contributed 1 point of that. We have – I have been talking about the pent-up replacement demand for a while and some people believe that others didn’t. I think we are seeing some of that as some anecdotal evidence that the industry went through so much pulling back that it was inevitable that at some point we would see some contribution as a result of pent-up replacement demand. We see some evidence of that. But we are seeing a big return to growth in India that we had a couple of years of repressed growth. I think most of that’s kind of macroeconomic and regulatorily inspired. We are seeing very good response in the biotech segment of the marketplace, that’s particularly vibrant area. And we are not seeing any reduction coming out of the top 20, 30 pharmaceutical customers. It certainly stopped being a drag in our growth. So and also again there is a piece here or a piece there, another piece is the strength that we are seeing on our informatics platform, to some extent that represents big pharma continuing to upgrade their information networks. But it also reflects the investments that we have made in the new unified platform and the response to that has been good both at the instrument level and at the larger network information level. So they were all contributing.
Douglas Berthiaume: Isaac, not very much, directly to the petroleum industry, our sales are miniscule. It probably matters more to the industrial chemical segment as their feed stocks go down in cost, maybe it stimulates some of their spending. So, that’s probably a longer term dynamic if the cost of those petroleum derived feed stocks go down, but I don’t think you will notice the decline in the cost of energy from a revenue point of view nearly at all conceivable, because we sell to other divisions within the big oil companies that might have some small derivative effect, but I would not anticipate that. And as a consumer of energy, it’s likely that our costs, particularly freight costs could be meaningfully reduced, remains to be seen, but I would anticipate that.
Douglas Berthiaume: The headlines are probably no more fearsome than they were through most of this year, Miroslava. We are certainly watchful as we began the year. Our organization was a little bit more optimistic I would say than we were and then they performed better than even that optimistic level. I think underlying it still comes down to the strength in the pharmaceutical sector that when you cut through all the noise, the pharmaceutical sector marches to a drummer that’s different than the Greek crisis or the Spanish crisis or something like that. So, probably the surprising thing that held up was the academic and government sector not only in Europe, but specifically there where we saw good results through most of the year. So, there is one area that we continue to monitor it’s that, but of course, the pharmaceutical segment is by far the most important dynamic.
Douglas Berthiaume: As that points out to me, the new products did well all over, but did particularly well in Europe both the new mass spec products and the QDa received a very strong push from our European results.
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say we are quite confident that the results will be better than we saw in the fourth quarter. There is the confluence of events that saw a mid-single digit decline in organic revenue. We have examined that very closely and think that the events they are quite definable. And as we look at a number of underlying dynamics coming out as in 2015, we are confident that that’s not likely to be repeated. Early indications albeit early in the first month of the New Year are indicative that that momentum has definitely improved. So, we are not being overly confident, but the mid-single digit kind of level that Gene has talked about, we think is doable in this coming year.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, one or two quarters is a little bit too hard to call. I think intuitively we are beginning to see a little bit of what I’d call pent-up replacement demand largely from the pharmaceutical industry who has pushed off this replacement cycle and dealt with reducing headcount. So, I think that has to account for some of our growth that’s disproportionate with the industry’s growth. So, we are so strong in the pharmaceutical market.
Douglas Berthiaume: The UPLC attach rate continues to grow. It’s growing at a rate faster than the rest of our HPLC lines and we continue to extend that capability by adding new chemical moieties to the substrate and new products. So, the UPLC column business is quite a success story for and it continues to expand. And we see very little competition attacking that specific performance range in the chemistry line.
Douglas Berthiaume: And that’s when these new drugs though we develop using UPLC come into quality control, but they are still not into the mainstream of that process yet.
Douglas Berthiaume: And Steve, I think as you look and try to read the tea leaves in China, this dual track of how orders get processed and then how the financial systems fund that has been something that we face through most of the year in China. And at various times, we saw a little bit of progress on the order side and relatively little flexibility on the financial funding side. The thing – and I would say roughly we saw maybe a little bit better orders performance in the fourth quarter than we had expected, but we saw real progress with the financial system in being able to fund orders that had been previously booked. And so what begets what in China, I think is a fair question. Does the shutdown of the financial funding lead to reduced orders or kind of different things working on both sides of the equation? We take it as a positive that the funding has improved and our local organization clearly sees that. If you look at the projects and the underlying demand that we are seeing from customers and thought leaders in China, nothing has changed. They are still looking for – you would assume that the boom was still going in China. If you look at the underlying requests, the demand for new capabilities in the multimillion dollar projects that they continue to talk to us about. So if you gauge interest at that level, you would say wow, 2015 is going to be a robust year. So, we try to gauge all of that. I would say from a top down perspective, we don’t see how the cork can be held in the order side of this genie for too much longer. There just appears to be the opportunity to be bursting at the seam. We have an excellent organization in China. I have compared to anyone else in the life science tools business, its top of the grade and its long service unlike a lot of organizations in China. So, it’s been through the mill. And so, we are pretty optimistic, its business in these dynamics turns it all. We are going to be there to grab a hold of it, that’s why we think this mid-single digit approach is more likely to offer us the opportunity to grow faster. The question is will it come earlier or later. So, it wouldn’t surprise us if they were better than that, but it’s awfully hard to bank on that at this point of time.
Douglas Berthiaume: And as I said Bryan that, we can already see and I am normally reluctant to take January results to the bank and I’m certainly not going to go hard at this, but already in the January timeframe, we are seeing very good strong indications of better performance coming.
Douglas Berthiaume: It’s not so much – well, first of all, independent of this decision, we continue to drive productivity programs. And so, we do that every year and we are doing it in 2015. So, we fully expect particularly in administrative and in science support areas to be able to grow our sales faster than we grow the support spending. With the health science initiative, independently, we looked at that and said while the payoff is not likely to be in 2015, the opportunity, the clear outsize opportunity that we have here means that we should spend faster to get there. And so, we made the decision to do that in our plan. We also have some initiatives probably three or four separate initiatives that we think will pay-off and added operating benefits. Anyone of which might not have happen, but taken in total, we think will contribute towards minimizing the overall P&L pain, not all of it, but it will mean that we can offset some of this increased spending. So that’s probably the most I want to say about it. But it’s – we are not trying to rob Peter to pay Paul.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, it’s interesting that typically when you have a new product launch the short-term impact until the volumes ramp is it has a little bit of a drag on gross margins. But I will take a look at some of the programs that we have introduced more recently in QDa and our new tandem quadrupole mass spectrometer. I think we have done an excellent job in engineering these products to be accretive to the gross margin. So I mean it clearly is something that we are focused on especially for products where we know that there is a large market and you have a lot of initial market receptivity like the QDa, like our new tandem quadrupole. So and again we talked about this earlier in the call is the positive impact that our recurring revenues have on our gross margins and operating margins going forward and that’s an important driver of our future profitability.
Douglas Berthiaume: Jeff, the clearest indication of a pull forward and I have – it’s not often, but I can’t say that in 20 plus years of doing this, I haven’t seen some indications of major pull forwards. But I would say the clearest indication is that you see this big bolus of orders in the latter part of December and then you see orders fall off the cliff early on in January. Let me say that we clearly haven’t seen that. I am certainly encouraged by the kind of early momentum that we have seen in 2015. So it’s not a guarantee that it continues at a very high level, but I will say it’s very indicative that we didn’t empty the bucket in December.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I want to thank you all. I appreciate you changing your schedules for this, who knows what the response would have been tomorrow. But we do appreciate it. And hopefully this is the last time we will have to change our schedule like this. We look forward to seeing you on a more rational schedule next quarter. Thanks again.
Gene Cassis: Sure. I mean, I think that we ended up seeing a significant backlog, a reduction as we closed the year out. We did see throughout the year a little bit of build in terms of the order rate. So, it seems that the order rate was improving, but one of the big dynamics that worked in our favor in the fourth quarter was that funds were available to allow us to complete some shipments against the order backlog that we had come into the quarter with.
Gene Cassis: Well, yes, I think as we had mentioned earlier that in 2014 the effect of foreign currency reduced the growth in EPS by about 4 percentage points. And looking at where rates are right now, we expect that, that impact will be a little bit greater, maybe a couple of points greater in 2015. Now, we have seen some pretty dramatic swings in currency lately. So, it’s unclear whether the rates that we are seeing now are really going to be the rates that we deal with throughout the year, but if we do use the current rates and look at our projected mix of sales, that’s where we think – what we think the impact will be.
Gene Cassis: Yes, I can start off. I mean, it’s we actually did start to fund a program during the fourth quarter and we are looking within the fourth quarter, there were about a couple of million dollars worth of R&D spend that we can attribute to that program. So, you can look at that as sort of maybe a base rate going forward that will likely build off of. So, hopefully that gives you a little feel for what the level of investment is as we move into this year.
Gene Cassis: Yes. I mean as we look at pharma as the broadly defined pharmaceutical, it’s being more than half of our business. We are assuming in our guidance that pharmaceutical growth rate is at the corporate mid-single digit growth. It’s slower than we saw in the fourth quarter, so if we are lucky and the world stays the way it’s going now, there is some opportunity there.
Gene Cassis: Sure. If we take a look at our – our service business is a very attractive business for us. Interestingly at the gross margin line, it’s probably slightly dilutive. A lot of the costs that we have are labor costs are the people that we have in the field. But if you look at it at the operating margin line, it is accretive to the corporation’s operating margin, in the same way the chemistry business is. So, it’s certainly something that as it becomes a bigger part of our mix, it does have a positive effect on our operating income.
Gene Cassis: It’s interesting, Doug, that if we look over the past five quarters, four of them have been pretty impressive in terms of the organic growth rate. And if I think about the guidance that we had for next year of mid single-digit top line growth, there really is not a lot of SG&A leverage that’s assumed within that growth rate. And that’s one of the factors that was considered when we gave you the guidance on the EPS line. Now, the one thing is that we typically have a base growth – a base growth of our expenses at the 3% or 4% level. And so if you look at some of the results that we have delivered in recent quarters, we have been very good at controlling expenses. But again businesses grow nicely and we have to make investments, specifically in our field service operation to make sure that we continue to support our customer base. So, I would just say that I think we have been conservative in our guidance in the amount of leverage that we forecasted for 2015.
Gene Cassis: Well, I think some of the reasons why we have seen some favorable moves in tax rate of course some of the products that we manufacture in Singapore and Ireland did very well on the revenue side. And also we have a more significant component of the TA mix that’s U.S. manufactured. So, as the shift moved a little bit more towards the Waters Division that was beneficial to our tax rate. I think that we are looking at product mix and geographical mix for this year, 2015, to be similar to 2014. And we are not discounting the chance that we get another R&D tax credit from the United States government, but we haven’t taken that to the bank. So, we are I think realistic in the 13% outlook for this year and I think there could be some upside, but when you have tax rates that vary from the very favorable rate that we have in Singapore to the mid to high 30s that we have in the United States, it doesn’t take much of a shift in terms of geographic and product mix to move tax rates around for us.
Gene Cassis: Yes. And Amanda, I think the attach rate continues to be very robust in the ballpark that you spoke about. I think the big opportunity that still I think is largely in front of us. But as we begin to see more migration of UPLC technology into quality control applications, we think we have a wonderful reputation for quality of these column chemistries for the people who develop methods. And if the past is any indication of what the future would bring that, that’s a great place to be once the new methodology goes into quality control.
Gene Cassis: In general, if I think about the currency story for 2014, it was largely a yen-based story. But as we look at 2015, there is going to be a significant contribution to the top line from the diminished value of the euro and we continue to see some drag for the yen. If I look at sort of the rates that we are looking at for the first quarter, we are looking at a euro that’s at about the $1.13 level, a yen at the $1.17, $1.18 level and on the cost side for us a pound and this works little bit in our favor at $1.50.
Gene Cassis: Yes. I mean, that’s who knows what it’s going to be. And all we can tell you is that listen, if grades are approximately what they are today, this is where the impact is going to be and we are not forecasting how rates are going to move through the year.
Gene Cassis: Yes, I think on the CapEx side that the big investment opportunity that we have made in recent years is of course on new mass spectrometry facility in Wilmslow and in the later part of this year, we fully occupied that site. And I really don’t see anything on the near-term horizon that’s going to be a large consumer of capital expenditures. So, we are going to go back more towards a maintenance type of a cap level. I think if you saw what the capital expenditure was in the fourth quarter it was in the mid 20s. I mean, maybe projecting that out and thinking of capital expenditures that for the full year might be in the $70 million or $75 million might be a good estimate of what CapEx will like this year.
Gene Cassis: Yes. Well, I will start off talking about our assumptions for growth in China in 2015. China represents something in the neighborhood of 12% of our sales. And what we saw from the full year on the sales growth for 2014 was very close to flat or just a tiny bit of growth for that business. We think that both looking at the momentum on the order side as well as the shipment side, there is some reason for optimism. And I don’t think it’s unrealistic to think about China as growing at around the corporate average for next year, so a mid single-digit top line growth rate against what is going to be a tremendously favorable base of comparison is a good base case scenario for us.
Gene Cassis: Sure, sure. I think that there is a confluence of activities happening this year that are going to work favorably for the TA Instruments group. If you look at the long-term growth rate of that business on the top line, it’s been the solid high-single digit grower. Now, a component of that has been acquired businesses. And I think in 2015, what you are going to see is a nice delivery of some of the businesses that we have acquired more recently. We do have some new core products that will be coming to the market mid-year. So, we should have some second half of the year positive impact from those launches. And as you already mentioned, I think in comparison to prior year is this basic comparison affords us an opportunity to show some nice growth. I think that the pipeline looks excellent where both new products for the TA Instruments Division and as you begin to look at some of the customer dynamics, it looks like there is a lot of building interest in some of the newer product launches from that group that will begin to show their positive effects throughout this year.
