Christopher O’Connell: Sure, Derik. Let me jump into that and start with the 4+7 as you began. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we did see really a loosening of some of the spending that had been so constricted in the first quarter, particularly in the month of March. And as I mentioned, we saw some of the winners come forward with instrument purchasing from the first round. And just as a reminder, Phase 1 of the 4+7 involved a target of 31 drugs, 25 were actually completed through the tendering process. And now we do have some expectation as Phase 2 is upon us. I think there is still some lack of clarity in the market as it relates to how it all plays out, but I would characterize the tone of our customers as being a little bit more balanced than we saw them in Q1. Q1, the news was so new, the process was so new that it really had a freeze effect in the market and we did see some chilling of that freeze and some better underlying demand. As I mentioned many times, we see the overall objectives of the 4+7 program being positive for the consumer in China and ultimately for instrument purchases. And so we’re just managing our way through it.  As it relates to the rest of the market in China, we didn’t see any unusual activity to your question on pricing or any local bias. As you know, a lot of our business in China is in highly regulated categories and therefore there is less of a local competition dynamic than perhaps other companies. But China obviously is a dynamic market right now. We’re just staying very, very focused on what we do well there which is to serve our customers and deliver technology to them. And our overall expectations for China over the rest of the year are what I’d say cautious and balanced where we’re seeing some great strength in areas like large molecule, biomedical research, clinical diagnostics with ongoing questions on 4+7, so we’re in a little bit of a wait and see mode there. Our exposure in government food labs has been under pressure while we also see some good development on the independent side. So, overall, kind of a balanced view but certainly not any expectations that China comes all the way back to historical levels. We see more of a continuation of the trends that we saw in Q2.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Thanks. Good morning, Tycho. Yes, we did see – we definitely saw better pharma tone really across the portfolio in Q2 and that had been a welcome sign after Q1. I don’t know that I would characterize it as a catch up from Q1 per se, but just an overall health and strength of the pharmaceutical market. As I mentioned, we grew in all key geographies. We continue to see robust large molecule trends. And despite some of the hits on the small molecule side we’ve taken in recent years in India and China, we do believe in the ongoing health of that market driven by expanding patient access to therapies. I guess one other comment there is in particular what we call our top pharma, which is our top 15 pharma accounts, we are very encouraged by them. They had a better quarter in Q2 than we’ve seen in a while. And while we’re not assuming any unusual flush activities in the back half of the year, we expect what I’d characterize as normal second half improvement in a pattern that we’ve seen over the last several years. So it was nice to have pharma overall for us at the historical growth rates in that 6% growth range and as long as that continues on that pattern, which we do expect, we gain confidence in our numbers in the back half of the year.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, I’ll make a quick comment and let Sherry go a little deeper on the guide. Obviously, halfway through the year it’s just math on the first half. And so you take the actual for the first half and then you take our outlook for the second half which we’ve tried to be clear we do expect to be better than the first half and have some of these market trends continue plus the incremental benefit of our new products. And so what ends up in forming the overall range for the year is simply the first half actuals, because we came in a little bit in the lower end of our range in Q2 that had the effect of taking down the first half actual a little bit. But looking at the second half, I think you’ve characterized it correctly which is we expect a solid and healthy pharma, solid and healthy U.S. environment that was a real nice part of the quarter with a balanced view in China and I’d say probably more caution on the European environment overall.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, thank you, Ross, and good morning. And that’s exactly the goal here is to get that instrument line moving and you correctly pointed out that there is a lot in the new cadence that we do control, and we’re really excited about that. Like I said on the prepared remarks, we’ve invested assertively. We’ve really put our heads down to improve our overall product portfolio and we’re really I think going to be able to see the positive benefits of that and it’s certainly been something that’s energized our customers and our field organization as we look into the back half of the year. And so we definitely try to focus on what we can control there. In terms of a lot of the macro pieces that you identified, we’ve tried to put together a guide that really bakes in a lot of that question, if you will, and there are different points that you mentioned. The general industrial slowdown is certainly something that’s affected our business and that’s primarily a European question as our industrial business in the U.S. was actually quite positive in the quarter and has been positive. The European environment is really characterized by a lot of uncertainty particularly as you point out around Brexit. There’s no question that the northern part of Europe has in particular been impacted by that. We’ve seen more pressure in the northern part of Europe than we have in the southern part of Europe, but obviously that’s going to work its way towards a resolution point one way or another here by the end of the year. And of course, in China, it’s a variety of factors there and most prominent to us has been 4+7 in the food question. But like I mentioned earlier, I think there’s a little more moderation around 4+7 expectations as participants in the market come to grips with the new process but also see the growth that’s inherent in this marketplace. We don’t know exactly what Phase 2 is going to look like there. We do understand that unlike Phase 1, there may be multiple winners per tender accepted which could moderate the dynamic overall. So some uncertainty but we believe all those factors are baked into our near-term guide here.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. I think that’s an important topic and as you know from our capital allocation priorities which we have really refined since U.S. tax reform which was a real game changer for us, we do have as our first priority for capital deployment growing the business and that’s why we’ve allocated more capital to internal R&D. It’s why we’ve allocated more capital to CapEx. And we’ve over the past several years built a corporate development function within the company to be more active outside the company looking for opportunities to deploy capital to highly purposeful selective M&A. And so we are definitely more active on that front, but with a high degree of both strategic and financial discipline. In the overall bio production world there’s obviously a lot of analytical technologies in that space where we’ve been forward leaning for some time. We’ve had some market leading technology in areas like process analytical and other related areas in terms of more participation in some of those spaces. Some of that would be logical. We’re always going to stay within a framework of our specialty focus as a company, but we do see that to provide incremental growth opportunity. And obviously a lot of specifics we can put around that until you see us more active.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, I think I’d probably stop short of saying the worst is behind us. I think it’s just generally a cautious environment. But we definitely saw better dynamic in Q2 than Q1. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we saw growth in both small and large molecule applications within China. In the case of large mol, that’s been a consistent trend for some time reflecting the underlying innovation that’s going on in the biomolecule space. And in small molecule we’re weighted towards generics there and we did see some of our customers kind of perk up during the quarter. And those that are feeling confident in these bidding processes are looking to spend their capital budgets over the course of the year. So, yes, we did see sequential improvement on the generics side. But until we gain more clarity on how everything plays out, we’re making sure we had relatively moderate type expectations.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, we’re definitely focused a lot on that. And I’d also want to mention the two new tandem quad launches that we announced yesterday, which really delighted our field organization to improve our core kind of midrange tandem quad line with Xevo TQ-S cronos and the Xevo TQ-S micro refresh. So when we look at that, we do have an expectation for improving mass spec performance in the back half of the year. In terms of the order book activities, since ASMS we’ve been out with the high end, high resolution systems and as I mentioned we’ve received some orders already for both Cyclic as well as SYNAPT XS even though those are back half launches, if you will. And BioAccord because it’s really a new to market technology targeting an emerging space, it’s more of a market development activity and we’ve been really focused on a tremendous amount of demonstration type activity working with customers to evolve their own – support their own budgetary processes to free up money within the year and to develop that overall lead opportunity and quoting pipeline. And we monitor and manage those statistics rigorously and are pleased with that, and so we do expect to see a more visible impact on BioAccord in the back half of the year and really something that as I said in the prepared remarks is really a multiyear phenomenon. So, again, I don’t want to put specific numbers on any one of those categories or the portfolio overall other than to say in our efforts to really get the instrument line moving, these product launches are critical and we’re excited about them.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes, thanks, Doug, and good morning. On the chemistry line and unpacking that a little bit, there was in our portfolio strength on the chemistry side in the biopharm area and pharmaceuticals evolved really at historic-type level with some softness on the industrial side given the overall end market dynamics there. Chemistry sales in part move with installed base and in part move with overall volume of testing activity. And so the extent a segment like industrial is a little bit soft, you’re going to see some effect to that on chemistries. And so really what I’d say is a little bit of a tale of two cities on positive chemistry results on the pharma side and slightly below normal on the industrial side. In terms of the overall recurring revenues as well as service, we continue to sell a wide range of service programs into the market and to some degree it does reflect underlying instrument activity. But sometimes we also see dynamics in certain product lines where there’s been slower instrument growth take on a little bit more of a service burden and so we get some benefit from that. So overall, we expect to see continued solid recurring revenue growth over the course of the rest of the year. And certainly as instrument growth picks up with our new product cycle, we think there’s opportunity in both those lines.
Christopher O’Connell: Thanks, Doug. I guess the way I would describe maybe the difference between what we expected and what we saw in Q2, which plays through to the rest of the year, certainly we were very pleased with the U.S., we’re very pleased with pharma, we were pleased to see China come back a bit. Really Europe was probably the main swing factor there that probably put us in the lower part of the range versus the middle or upper part of the range and Europe, as I mentioned, is primarily an industrial headwind there because we did see better pharmaceutical performance in Europe in the quarter. And so I think it’s fair to say that if there’s any kind of conservatism built into our overall second half outlook, it’s really around the challenging European environment, particularly in the industrial category. That’s really where we saw the difference in terms of our own expectations in the quarter and obviously play that through for the rest of the year. But that being said, we’re really looking to pharma on the U.S. to lead the way and a more balanced outlook on China. To answer your TA question, you’re right. TA kind of came back from negative to flat on tough comps and we do expect some modest continuing progress on the TA side and certainly something in the low-single digits for the second half is what we’re looking at. TA product line is great. The team is very focused doing a good job. And yes, some of those markets are challenging but there’s also some bright spots within the TA portfolio. The U.S. was actually quite strong in TA. And decent in China, in Japan with pressure in Europe and some other parts of Asia. And interestingly enough, we do sell some products in TA into the pharma sector, particularly in the microcalorimetry line for sort of biomolecule characterization and that pharma business for TA is doing really well. Anyway, maybe I’ll leave it at that.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure. Let me see if I can add some incremental thoughts there, Dan. Thank you. As it relates to kind of mix where you started on generics and food, just some broad parameters. Small mol versus last mol in China last year was in the sort of 80-20 range; 80 small, 20 large. And if you look at our overall mix of generics, it’s higher in China than it is around the world. Globally, generics is maybe 30% of pharma and you can call it a little bit more than that in China, so China is more weighted there. On the food side, food testing not including environment, it’s about 15% of our China business which again is a little bit over indexed compared to the overall global mix. And we still see in the backdrop of China a robust pharma environment. Clearly 4+7 was a shock to the system in the first quarter. And like I mentioned earlier, we’ve gained some incremental insights just on what happened in that first wave around the 25 drugs that actually went through versus the 31 targeted with Phase 2 and coming probably in the fall timeframe, but maybe a different dynamic as the market broadens to multiple winners. We also know that expectations on hospitals and other purchasers of these drugs is for a majority of the listed drugs to come from winning bidders, but not all of them. So there is some belief in the marketplace that there’s still room for a number of players. And as this program expands over the next two to three years that there will be room to play for a variety of different types of companies, and because of that we did see some back-to-business attitude in the part of our customers. Because there is some continued uncertainty there, we haven’t assumed a spring back to what I call a normal pharma purchasing environment this year, but hopefully we’ll gain continued visibility of that over the course of the year. So I think our outlook in China of kind of that balanced and somewhat cautious view is appropriate and continuing to look at the type of trends that we saw in the second quarter.
Christopher O’Connell: Yes. Thanks, Dan. As I mentioned, we did see better tone in the market in small mol in Q2 than Q1. In Q1 we’ve seen this pattern in previous years which is kind of a wait and see caution kind of attitude in the earlier parts of the year, particularly among our larger customers. But like I said, we saw our larger customers really come back and actually have about as good of a quarter as they’ve had in a while. In terms of the European and the U.S. kind of overall pharma growth in the quarter, it was in that solid mid-single digit range. And so we were encouraged by that. And like I said earlier encouraged at our overall pharma business was operating in the quarter at historical kind of rolling trend rates. And so we think that stability is something we expect for the second half of the year.
Christopher O’Connell: Sure, no problem. Thanks, Sung Ji. In China, there’s a pretty wide range of activity in government and academic categories and so mix really matters there. When you look at our academic and government sector, we have a really strong concentration in the food safety testing which as we’ve commented for a few quarters now has been very, very soft. We made up for that a little bit through the independent testing labs, but the government and academic part of that has been overall weak. And there is a lot of reorganization going on in the government right now that has worked its way through the national level and now working into the provisional and city level. And so we are cautious about the overall government market and the academic market which is sometimes related to that. So, it can be pretty lumpy as well though. So I think we’re not drawing any real conclusions based on what we’ve seen this year so far, particularly with our mix and other parts of government and academic beside food. But at this point it’s something that held us back in the quarter.
Christopher O’Connell: It’s a good question. You never know the exact timing of how the order book builds per se, but all the leading indicators for that are something we’re putting quite a bit of effort into understanding in more detail. We’ve build a sales operations function that is more closely linking the commercialization activities to all the different activities in the field and giving us the data points we need to gain comfort that we’re moving in the right direction. But it starts all the way back with customer introduction with the demoing process for which we’re doing some new things this year, and then translating into an overall lead and opportunity which is a highly qualified lead book and then into quoting activity and all those trends seem to be moving in the right direction. We’re thrilled that we have some orders already for the SYNAPT and the Cyclic systems, the BioAccord pipeline is strong and to throw on top of that yesterday we launched the new tandem quad which is exciting for our field organization. Anyway I don’t want to put too much specificity on forecasting orders or sales other than to say the overall portfolio effect is something that we really believe is going to help us in the back half of the year. So it’s really an outcome of all the good work we’ve been doing in R&D. So, anyway I know we’re out of time and sorry we couldn’t get to more questions, but really enjoyed the questions and look forward to further discussions with all of you. In conclusion, we are focused on delivering a stronger second half of 2019 headlined by continued pharmaceutical strength, improving stability in key geographic markets and the increasing impact of our exciting new product cycle. Furthermore, we remain confident in the long-term health of our end markets, our very strong competitive position within our priority categories, our focused growth strategies and our talented people around the world. So on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3 2019 call, which we currently anticipate holding on October 29, 2019. Thanks and have a great day.
