Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter financial results conference call. With me on today’s call are John Ornell, Waters Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, President of the Waters Division and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice I will start with an overview of the quarter’s highlights. And John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year and then we’ll open it up for Q&A. Before we get going, John will cover the cautionary language.
Douglas Berthiaume: Ross, I think it's important, that this introduction of the H-Class was a little bit different than major platform introductions that we've had in the past. I refer to it as what is it either 0 lag notch where when we announced the product we started shipping potentially immediately. We had trained the sales force we had the marketing literature already that was introduced typically, introduced these platforms kind of licensed to get the Pittcon and then your shipping by the end of the subsequent quarter. This was you know and so part of it is just the way, our businesses evolve so we were very happy first of all with our ability to drive the developments and the manufacturing to the point where we are able to do that. Then I would say the most interesting dynamic I think has been with competitive accounts we knew we had some early indication in some of our classic Waters accounts about the reaction to it, we clearly aiming this technology and trying to bring a faster uptake curve into the QA regulated the applications part of our business and taking this instrument into competitive accounts has been very, very positive. So I think that’s probably the early indication, the other thing I think is we commented on that often times you introduced a new platform like this and the immediate response you see is delay because customers are used to buying your old products and they kind of put things on hold to evaluate and sometimes they run new systems through months of evaluation studies I am sure we saw some of that, but overall the net effect was really a positive effect rather than a delayed effect. 
Douglas Berthiaume: I think probably in the industrial arena particularly for Waters that’s probably more market related. It would surprise me if you didn’t see others servicing the industrial market to see some good results because I think it was so tough that they were bouncing off more modest comparisons. We clearly had some good uptake in response to our new products, but more in the industrial arena, I’d say its probably a market dynamic. In the biopharma, boy, I think our new product are really striking a chord, not only the ones that we've already let you peak at but early it buys on some of other new stocks that come in very enthusiastic I think in the biopharma segment 
Douglas Berthiaume: The currency dynamics that we saw in the first quarter principally I continue however the base of comparison becomes less difficult if you will if you look at but going forward quarters of last year. So a piece of the improvement in gross margin, a significant piece is currency. But that being said, I would also say that layout of the gate, we have some very good product costs on new H-Class that are contributing even in the first quarter to improve margins. We’ve had a relatively strong chemistry business subjects provided a little bit of upside on the mix as well, we expect that to continue. And our Thermal Analysis business is done very well in some of these industrial accounts and within the TA product line that tends to be the one that has the higher mix of all of these factors. We think we will continue and contribute to the sort of tick up in gross margin for the year.
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say that that’s pretty much on plan. We still have the H-Class transfer in the work, so we’re looking to see the, the benefits of that as we move through the second half of the year. I’d say this is probably nothing different from where we started the year at January from a guidance perspective.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah I’d say if we looked at the developed world Europe and the US specifically here a large pharma was really the problem, as it relates to the decline that we saw in that business was a little more that we might have anticipated, well offsetting now was some pretty interesting strength in the final business outside of large pharma. Government and academic in total was good in that part of the world then we saw the industrial business begin to come back in those regions, so I would say really the only serious pocket of concern is large pharma a lot of that I am certain is merger related I think we are going to see that dissipate as we make our way through the year. Some of those accounts were up but many warrants, I think it was a may be a little bit of a lag in the CapEx release perhaps in some of the (Inaudible) and its not impossible to think that the H-Class launch well it was very successful right out of the gate is some accounts where they are going to do a little bit more work on that before its implemented and I think that’s a potential upside of some of these large pharma houses too as we go forward. 
Douglas Berthiaume: I wouldn’t say it was a homogenous dynamic as it rarely is I would say overall the last part of the quarter was stronger than the first part that’s always kind of the case with January being a tough side to a year. But some geographies finish stronger than others. Overall, I would say our more interesting dynamics is the early indicators of request for demonstrations, request for quotes, quote activity and some of them the soft and more intangible that I think are much stronger than we anticipated would be at this stage of the game. So that’s the kind of momentum that I think, it doesn’t result in sales in the first quarter but we’re optimistic we could gain for stronger sales as we go forward. We also in the first quarter, this quarter ended with the Easter season you had Good Friday, that always throws a little confusion particularly at the areas like Western Europe and the more traditional religious areas and we didn’t have that last year, it’s always a guess as to how much that affects your order activity lots of strong orders coming in the next week. So you know again intangible dealing that you know its all pretty good going forward.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, I guess what’s changed is we certainly have taking a slightly different view on gross margins we had some, good experience right out of the gain on some of the new products in addition to some of the currency benefits that we’ve seen.  Yes, we are continuing to make investments small investments in headcount where we need to will continue to do that. So, we are not going to see a significant gap in the growth of our expenses versus the top line but that’s no different than what we have said in January.  Currency for the full year is a little bit less of the top line benefit but offsetting that and more is the fact that we did move the organic growth from what we defined as mid single digit four to six to five to seven.  So, it’s little bit here and there that basically say that you know the incremental profitability that we saw out of the business in the first quarter principally continues for the next three and that comes pretty close to the full year increase that, you’ve seen in the guidance for the EPS.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, I guess, one of the things we look in the first quarter is you have to recognize that currency on SG&A was about 4%. So, the 8% growth in the SG&A was really only about 4% ex-currency.  Normally when we look at this business we typically say that we have sales growing in the 7, 8, 9% range on an average year you’re able to grow your SG&A couple of points less than the sales line.  And I would say that, that model is likely to be what we’ll continue to say going forward beyond this year because of as you pointed out because of investments that we need to make this year and this year being kind of a year of recovery on the spend line is not likely to be quite as much leverage, I don't think the expenses go exactly the same rate of sales, but there is not likely to be the full one or two points of differential. But for 2011 going forward I would submit that we’re kind of back to that traditional model.
Douglas Berthiaume: Frankly if you didn’t know we didn’t see much stimulus, we keep hearing it, we keep tracking the code activity but the actual spending was really not material, not in the US. We’ve seen very active academic government activity in China or in Japan which is a little bit harder to tie that directly to incremental stimulus money, but frankly in the US we still have not seen a significant amount.
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay that's the most notable in terms of a changed dynamic. I would say the base level of pharmaceutical and industrial business was pretty consistent with what we saw in the later half of both 2009.  And Japan has been pretty consistent. Japan didn’t have a big fall off in demand, with the 08 industrial slowdown. So I would say we’re seeing pretty consistent business in the Japanese pharma, biopharm industrial activity and we saw an uptick in academic, that’s like John says we are we don’t think we are going to see a continued pace that we saw in the academic business going through the year. And we temper our forecast to not anticipate quite too much strength there.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think its an excellent question as to where healthcare under this model winds up, I think the direct impact are is clearly mostly I think on the medical device manufacturers, who are hit with incremental costs directly in the plant. For Pharma I think most of the effects are indirect the same way they are on all of us, I mean you have seen some companies who have plans have to record one time charges as a result of that, I don’t know that I have seen too many big pharmas do that but just certainly seen some industrial accounts do that 
Douglas Berthiaume: I think there are many, many type of this still and of course I don’t think was seeing the manifestations of all of them yet. I don’t think we’ve seen the Medicare dynamic it hasn’t currently popped up as a particular issue -- may be we’re seeing it in the optimism in the generics who clearly kind of by support get our favorite position in this bill, we are certainly seeing great activity amongst our generic accounts. We haven’t seen the direct results of Medicare concern is certainly reasonable to think it has to be attracted into their business plan.  I think, the way we interpret our results so far is become very traditional in our big pharma accounts to see slow starts to the year and this was no different. So you’re still seeing an enormous amount of interest in our new products in those accounts. We are already I think as we start the second quarter seeing some order flow that we didn’t see in the first quarter. So I think right now it probably along the business plan that they started the year and there just kind of started over to see how they deal with the healthcare issues as I go forward.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think there is two things in place, there is clearly, they have a longed out replacement cycle over the last two or three years. We have had major departments managers complain to us that they have to make use of their equipment much longer then they ever anticipated. And we still firmly believe that that’s going to ultimately result in some pent up replacement demand coming through the system. But I would say even higher in the dynamics is emphasis on cost control and productivity and I think they have been talking about that for a long time now it really, making itself felt in the innards of pharmaceutical. And they are really looking at the productivity the H-Class and ACUITY can give them. Because it really means doing a lot of their jobs with a lot fewer people, they can replace multiple traditional HPLCs with fewer H-Class or fewer ACUITY, they’ve getting dramatically change their productivity. Is that I think is really picked up in terms of the level of interest and specifically in big pharma. 
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, G-2, we are very satisfied with our G-2 Synapt results. We are hopeful that stimulus money can still add to that results but frankly in the US we are still waiting.
Douglas Berthiaume: No it doesn’t look covered most of them. And I wanted to be cautious of the number of people in the queue. So maybe we can move on to the next question.
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay little bit I’ll give a flavor to that. If you think about ACUITY we think about this in the context of accounts. As we look at the number of ACUITYs sold over the last five years and so we’ve had very broad-based penetration, it is almost impossible to find large accounts it doesn't sound multiple traditional ACUITY UPLC systems. So what you're dealing with is the ACUITYs purchase has been purchased by early adopters, development people and some method development and even QC departments. So what we’re really looking at is its while we are selling H-Class to the people who have very little exposure to UPLC at all its probably less than a quarter of the sales, so both of the sales are really the early adopters testing it, verifying it, setting up an understanding with the technology coming to us and say here are the areas within our corporation that we want to utilize this technology. But here the attributes I think is different from that than for us this is the new purchase traditionally those design to us early adaptors get a very broad versatility, full capability research type view of the product, here is what's required of people in methods development, quality control, while routine applications what typical HPLCs user would look to attributes that, emulate more of our Alliance products than the full research grade. So I’d say that the bulk of our focus of interest is to progress the technology downstream in the already dominant position we have across large and for that matter is intermediate by companies throughout the technology laboratory world out there.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think the best I can do for you Tycho is the same, look broadly I mean I think you will be seeing very interested in things at that kind of augment the high end G-2 Synapt kind of thing. You would be looking at multi purpose capabilities and I think you will also see as how work closes into the midline and on the bench drop, so still a little bit early we're several weeks away from ASMS but I think its, watch this space for further notice 
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, it’s certainly a better demand compared to last year. I think India at this point is about flat in the first quarter 2010 with 2008. Gives you an idea, it’s not huge growth over 2008 substantial growth over 2009 but I think a very clear indication that things around the mend there in that generic industry is kind of coming back to at least equilibrium if not prepared to grow very strong. You know they went a year essentially without preparing the growth for all these drugs that are coming off pattern. So, we are optimistic that there is a stronger growth ahead. 
Douglas Berthiaume: We are more conscious about our outlook for stimulus business this year and this outlook. We are probably looking at more like half of that level than that level.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well kind of what we said we would like to continue to focus acquisition policy and swallow it up in acquisitions and we will use excess cash to continue stock repurchase program, I don’t think it is any more complicated than that. 
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, all the investments we’re making are within the cash flow expectations and the operating budget as John described.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think that’s important just for them to check here last year. Even in very difficult top line conditions we grew our earnings per share and we did that by being ultra cautious on our spending controls. Bonuses were not present last year pay increases were few and far between travel money and we controlled hard on that and knew as things came back we are running out to replace a lot of that and we have got a structural comparison there the same way we have got an easier comparison on the top line which clearly got a more difficult comparison as you have to provide the sales commissions for bonus payments and for things like that I mean that’s like that business but it’s a reality of why John emphasis that it’s highly unlikely it was on to be able to see that same ability to leverage our operating expense, expanding this year. Think we can come to it in more normal year, but this year it’s going to be tough.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, at this time for Q2 and full year 2010. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 in part one under the caption business risk factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2010. During this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income per Diluted Share included in this morning’s press release.
John Ornell: Yeah, I think the only other thing I would say is that we had a relatively strong Q1 with Japan, we are not expecting Japan to grow full year at those rates certainly but on the other side of that within China we had a very difficult basic comparison with the larger Melamine business that rubs off in the rest of the year. So, that’s a natural offset so that Asia, in full, I think, has balance going forward relative to what you saw in the first quarter. 
John Ornell: Yes, on a year-over-year basis there was about 200 basis point decline associated with the currency and there was about a 60 basis point improvement associated with the cost reductions and mix that offset that.
John Ornell: But as we look here at the demands for the high end instrumentation whether it comes through government supports stimulus dollars or not we are pretty confident that high end aspects are going to do well.
John Ornell: Maybe we call them investments only from the perspective of kind of last year we had a very belt tightened situation where people who have left work replaced and you know so we are coming off of a base that is a little bit depressed so that we are beginning to add some of those headcounts back, but those are in the operational expectations with the business and the free cash flow estimate.
John Ornell: There is probably a little bit of a trickle into the second quarter at some of this restructuring that has to do with how we have to account for some of the restructuring that is taking place within Europe but I think Q2 you’ll see the of that and the asset impairment is related to the consolidation of facilities that our project is beginning in the UK where we want through a fixed asset inventory and found some assets that were no longer of value. So that should be a one-time event principally. You may see other tiny bits going forward, but it's a rather modest amount and related to the consolidation of facilities we saw in the UK.
John Ornell: I guess I'll go back to the kind of traditional budget model that we have where if you hold currency constant it’s kind of tough to predict where that’s going. Generally we’re able to provide maybe 10 or 20 basis points of gross margin improvement out of the business just based on the incremental volume of instrumentation that we shipped more than getting a true price. I don't think that model has changed going forward I would also point out to you that some of the product transfers that are currently in place are only going to have a partial year benefit this year, so I would say we can be a little optimistic that we’re not at the end of the road in gross margin improvement and if you’re likely to see the continuation of those we talked about next year later this year.
John Ornell: I would say it’s about, it grew about with the corporate average of somewhere around 6% large pharma was the top 15 accounts what we defined were actually down in the quarter and the remainder of the accounts all of the biotechs and the generics CRO they were up high single digit. So the large final was a significant anchor to the results in the first quarter when we are at this stage convinced that we are going to see better performance out of those accounts as we make our way through the year
Art Caputo: Yeah I would say the thing about the H-Class was keep in mind we introduced UPLC now growing about 6 years ago and something very unique in our business is we were left alone for our intents and purposes for about 5 years before any significant competition beside try and participate but throughout that period and out there several thousands of systems being installed and evaluated, we had a luxury of working with these customers and very precisely understanding what does it take now to move this technology downstream. And for intents and purposes replaced the traditional HPLC marketplace, while at the same time taking into consideration a large installed base HPLC that have been in play for 30 years. And so we really took our time we focused on the customer needs we delivered a product that probably is, hits the mark so precisely in terms of what customers were asking for and now seeing it’s hard to argue with something that you said if you do this we’ll buy it and so we’re experiencing this and the beauty of it is the demonstration units are in place there is no delay on delivery. It utilizes the same broad systems chemistry solution we’ve had out for six years. So its really the experience that we've had with paying off for us on this strategy.
Art Caputo: If you think about UPLC in general when I’d say right now 90 plus percent of the people who are buying UPLC based products for the H-Class for the original acuity UPLC system they buy it with usually the intention of incorporating the UPLC capabilities.  They believe that that’s how they will justify the performance of the equipment and that’s how they will ultimately use it. The H-Class for the most part is an account with the ability to have more flexibility.  So if they buy an application where they are utilizing UPLC but at the same time couldn’t justify the purchase but they may still have three or four legacy methods that are HPLC. The interest in the H-Class is that I cant if I need to also run an HPLC separation item. So well some people are buying it to future proof for potentially UPLC applications we think this will be the case moving forward, for the most part now people now are still focused on purchasing any of our UPLC products with the prospect of taking advantage of the superior performance capability. 
Art Caputo: The predominant mass spectrometry sale is still oriented towards our traditional UPLC system. Primary reasons for that is the technical attributes of the product lend itself very well for the extremely high speed that mass spectrometry operates within, extremely fit, change level of volumes and well H-Class will work nicely with a mass spectrometer for many applications. Most mass spectrometers are really looking at the attributes that are full research grades, super high performance UPLC system that has great levels of versatility. But when we think that we shift overtime as you may go downstream and Mass Spectrometry gets more prolific in the more routine applications, but for the time being, we are finding that nanoACQUITY the traditional ACQUITY has the bulk of those sales clearly with the original ACQUITY systems.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: A question on guidance -- you upped your organic revenue view for the year. So maybe you could just talk through what are the things that are -- specific things that are better than when you guys first looked at the year, maybe if anything is worse, then how you got to that view for the full year.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, thanks; and then, just another one on gross margins for the year. Is the change mostly due to currency? Or maybe just walk us through the moving parts of that as we go through the year in terms of some of the manufacturing transitions, how that's going to impact gross margin, and anything else we should be thinking about on that line.
Marshall Urist – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then just one last one from me. On the Americas and Europe, maybe you could just give us the growth is obviously little bit slower there, so maybe just give us a sense of the different markets there you talked about pharma, but beyond that kind of what’s driving that, you talked about 2% kind of what, what are you seeing specifically out of those geographies? Thanks.
