Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well and good morning, and welcome to this, the Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call as usual is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. And as it's our normal practice, I'm going to start with an overview of the quarter's highlight, and then John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with an outlook for the first quarter of 2012 and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay, sure, Doug. I can give you a little bit of flavor on that. The quarter was remarkably balanced, I'd say, between LC and mass spec, very similar results. If you look within pharma, CROs were the strongest players, and our big pharmaceutical customers were flattish. So that's probably, I think, been a continuing dynamic. Although, we did see an absolute level of growth from our big pharma customers as you move quarter-to-quarter through 2011. I'd say the applications that were notable for their growth -- first of all, H-Class is -- continues to be the strongest performer in the chromatography area, and we see some clear signs that, that's penetrating into the pharmaceutical QC applications and that's penetration. So that's, I think, good news for us. At the same time, some of our new systems offerings that are aimed at the bio area, biopharmaceutical QC in particular, which is a different animal of course versus the small molecule world, are doing very well. So I think those are probably the notable dynamics.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Oh, I think we're still early in the game there. We're really only in the second -- 2011 was the second year of the H-Class introduction, and I'd say we really only started penetrating those applications this past year. So I think we're early on, and we're very optimistic about the long-term opportunity there.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I think -- in term -- the way to think about our outlook geographically is you think about the -- what we call the emerging areas. I mean, we continue to use that terminology. Latin America, Asia, Eastern Europe, we strongly believe that those areas are going to grow above our corporate average in 2012. That's been true in the past, it's likely to be very true in 2012. We've got the applications, the organization and the momentum going there, and I think that's very credible. We think the areas of slower growth is still likely to be Western Europe. There's enough uncertainty around elements in Western Europe. Even though we're coming off a very good quarter, we're still a little cautious about Western Europe going forward. And Japan, we are hopeful that we see some relief, just structural relief in Japan, but we're going to wait to see that. The U.S., I think, is probably going to be around the corporate average. So that breaks that. John, you want to cover the...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, Quintin, we have some natural benefit from products that were introduced in the second half of 2011, getting full bore in 2012, as well as focused application systems, like the regulated bioanalysis system, which combines the I-Class with the TQ-S and the system for biopharmaceutical QC. All of which were introduced kind of during 2011 and should provide us incremental growth in 2012. I think if you look at applications or broad areas of our business for next year, we think the broadscale pharma business is likely to grow at about our corporate average. We think the application-specific areas like food safety, food testing, clinical are likely to grow a little bit above average, and the government and academic business is going to grow below average. That's kind of the mix of our plan for 2012.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think generally you'll find that major LC introductions are still made around Pittcon and major -- particularly higher-end mass specs are introduced around ASMS. So that's first quarter for Pittcon, late second quarter kind of for ASMS. That's still traditionally -- now you may introduce a system and not be shipping it for a couple of months. I mean, you typically don't want to wait much more than 2 or 3 months before you're ready to ship it because you're getting expectations and you're maybe cannibalizing your existing product line. So I think that, that's pretty much par for the course in the industry, and it's just the introductions don't necessarily closely follow for shipments.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, it's always dangerous to talk about change in market share dynamics based on one quarter. So I think there's nothing that I would feel comfortable about saying as a result of the fourth quarter. If you look at the full year and you look at our organic instruments growth, it was north of 10%. I think it's pretty -- I'm pretty secure in saying I think overall, we picked up market share in 2011. I think H-Class continues to penetrate into new labs and new applications that we didn't serve before. So I'm pretty comfortable with that. I think the introduction of our new mass spec systems has clearly garnered us new business. But I think in general, I think, that mass spec business continues to be very competitive. Nobody's getting out of the business, and so I think it continues to be a pretty vibrant, competitive area for all of us suppliers.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Oh, I'd say certainly coming from consolidate -- I don't see any major dynamic going on as a result of consolidation. Certainly, not at this point. I'd say the competition that we're looking at, particularly in the mass spec arena, come from the same places we have seen it for the last 5 years, using the same competitive tools. And I don't see very much in the way of shifts resulting from consolidation there.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I wouldn't say we were terribly surprised. I think the fourth quarter, always when completing the year you're -- you want to finish strong, but there was nothing remarkable, I don't think, that went on in the fourth quarter. I know there was some cautiousness on the part of observers of the industry, but we didn't -- the quarter was well balanced, interestingly. It wasn't like we saw late strength in any particular area that pulled out the quarter, so I think the balance is kind of what's notable in the results.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The NAIH -- the NIH budget isn't all of that important to our run rates, Dan. It's -- Oh, Christ, John, what's the amount that's directly...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. And government spending overall, yes, is not that -- but it's clearly an area of cautiousness. I mean it's -- particularly it's an area of not only in the U.S. but in Japan and in Western Europe. So we are anticipating that, that is going to be slower next year than we saw this year, and it's probably going to be more flattish than anything else.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think you're really going to -- we think about the generic business kind of in 2 parts. A big part being in India and another big part being almost everywhere else. Some of it within big pharma companies. Some is independent, stand-alone generics. Clearly in India, we saw a slowdown in the fourth quarter that our accounts tell us is solely due to the weakness in the rupee and the need to recalculate their budgets and redo their capital. They're highly optimistic about returning to a significant growth phase as we go into 2012. We've seen that kind of behavior before, and we believe that, that's going to happen. If you look at the rest of our generic business, it was a good year in 2011. I see no indication on the part of those accounts that they've stopped investing for the future. And I think we're pretty confident as these accounts look at the productivity capabilities in UPLC that this is another area where the move to UPLC is likely to continue and offer us growth opportunities going forward. So overall, I'd say generics look good for 2012.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the good news is that those accounts generally are in good financial condition. They have improved their balance sheets, improved their earnings. So that might be an area where the results exceed our expectations coming up. Certainly, TA, you might consider is a little bit of a canary in a mineshaft, the kind of a high preponderance of business in those industrial accounts, particularly polymer application. And there's no real signs of slowing there. So that might be an area where we prove to be a little more conservative than the actuals.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We did ramp up SG&A a little bit across 2011, so the comparisons are a little bit tougher in the first quarter and easier in later in the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, I said large pharma -- let me repeat myself. Large pharma overall in the fourth quarter was flat growth, but it -- we did show incremental revenue from those large pharma, that we're talking the top 15 to 20 account sequentially during the year. So fourth quarter was the biggest quarter of the year, but it often is. So -- and pharma all in for the fourth quarter grew at the corporate average. So those are the facts. H-Class, for both the quarter and the year was the fastest-growing LC in our business, and the fastest-growing applications for H-Class were in small molecule QC, so just so we understand our factual situation. Now we think H-Class is going to continue to grow faster in those applications. It's really a question in pharma as to where the balance of that business comes in next year, R&D spending across the base of big accounts, generics and other biotech accounts. So right now, we're saying that, that's likely to be at the corporate average next year. If we see stronger penetration in the H-Class across the small molecule world, that's likely to be a benefit. But that's what we've got modeled in our expectation for 2012.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say we're seeing customers standardize on ACQUITY UPLC technology. We have some very clear examples of that. That may mean that they're using I-Class in research applications with mass spec, and they're using H-Class. We're still seeing a kind of powerful story for these accounts who have traditionally used HPLC in their quality control who like the idea of buying H-Class, being able to use it for their traditional methods with their traditional chemistries, as they take a longer time to upgrade to true UPLC applications. What's interesting is we really are seeing them migrate to UPLC applications. It's all a question of the pace and the momentum that, that builds. But I think the evidence is pretty strong that, that's the direction they're going in.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think the clinical applications are an interesting area. I'd say in the last several years, we have devoted more time and attention to clinical applications than we have historically. We've been particularly successful, I'd say, in providing systems for clinical monitoring in the anti-rejection, immunosuppressant marketplace. We're seeing good success in vitamin D analysis. And as we've gotten more intense in those areas and we've built our organization up, we've looked at more opportunities to utilize particularly the power and the broad-spectrum capabilities of mass spectrometry to penetrate into areas that more traditionally used other diagnostic tests. So I would say, we're investing pro-rata more in that area. We think there are many opportunities. It's a very broad category, monitoring of pain medications, forensic analysis. It's -- when we talk about clinical, it's a broad area. And I'd say overall, you'd see that area of our business grow faster than average over the next 5 years.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I would say more on the Anter, slightly larger sized, but not medium sized. The ones we're talking about range on the revenue line from $5 million in revenue to maybe $15 million to $20 million in annual revenue, and we're tending to be more successful on the smaller ones and they've done very well over time for us. So we like to continue it, and we like the risk profile. And we'd love to do a $50 million one that was just as good, but those are harder to find.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm sorry. I didn't get the full gist. The slightly lower guidance for 2012, is that -- I'm sorry, I didn't get the implication.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: That's worldwide. I'd say we saw a real strength in Western Europe, but generally, it's a common dynamic in our business that the CROs were strong.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, it's been true for about 9 years now. So I see no reason why it's not likely to be true. It would be unusual in the extreme for us to do significantly less than that. If there were a large meaningful acquisition on the horizon, which we don't see, that would change things. But absent an unusual transaction, we would continue to deploy cash to buy back our stock.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think, what you've seen us do first with UNIFI is launch it on specific application systems. So regulated bioanalysis and bio pharm. When the UNIFI platform kicks in as a major dynamic is when it's launched as the full-service upgrade to our Empower, both single system and network system applications. That won't happen in 2012. So you're going to continue to see it operate as a powerful software platform on a specific niche product this year. The reaction has been very good, but I wouldn't have you believe that it has a major impact on our software business in 2012.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say it's just generally a more cautious worldwide approach given the fact that we're almost certain to see government budgets be more conservative going forward, not only in the United States but certainly in Western Europe and in Asia. So it's a broader dynamic rather than specifically Japan. In Japan, we've had tough conditions, particularly in our segments where government spending, if anything, was tilted more towards the effects of the tsunami and the earthquake rather than into more classical broad-based R&D applications. So we might actually see a little bit of benefit in Japan, but that remains to be seen.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I'd say our outlook for the first half is influenced more by the strength that we saw in the first half of our business last year, particularly the first quarter. Our fourth quarter, again, a bunch of dynamics going on there, but our absolute growth rate in the fourth quarter was a little bit lower than our full year growth rate and so that we're not expecting our run rates to change significantly as we go into 2012, but we are a little bit more cautious. particularly on the university and government side of our business. Combined with tough comparisons in the first half, I'd say that's the most notable structural difference in our outlook.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I wouldn't say anything unusual, but we will -- we're always introducing new flavors. But I wouldn't have you believe that a new platform introduction is imminent to affect that growth rate significantly, in really application-specific columns that are aimed as much as stimulating system sales as they are consumable sales.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think, certainly what one of the strongest application areas that we've seen in the second half of '11 is in biopharmaceutical QC. And that's, as you know, a much different animal than the typical QC applications for small molecular weight drugs. It's in some ways, more art than science there, but it's getting more refined and clearly demanding more advanced technologies like higher-end LC/MS. So we've been very gratified to see that our offerings in that biopharmaceutical world has been very well received. I think that is highly likely to continue through 2012. But I also think that particularly with monoclonal antibodies, a lot of research going on, a lot of that research pound for pound takes more higher-end analytical instrumentation than small molecule drugs. So I think that general dynamic works in our favor.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think that's a very fair question. I think, currently, we'd say that I-Class is probably replacing classic ACQUITYs. And over time, you're probably going to see most of that research-grade ACQUITY translate from classic ACQUITY more to the I-Class. I think that will take a while. Certainly, we're pricing the I-Class at a premium to the classic UPLC, and we think that makes the most sense right now. But over time, those systems are likely to come together. Well, thank you all for being with us, and we appreciate high quality of questions and the interest. And we look forward to talking to you all again at the end of the first quarter. Take care.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will be making various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q1 and full year 2012. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2010, under Part I, captioned Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2012. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
John A. Ornell: Sure. On the gross margin, the thinking there is that we've got a little bit less volume leverage at a top line growth that's 6% to 8% instead of the 10% we just came off of. We plan on having a higher mix of Tof-based products in the mix, which tends to pull the margin down a little bit. And as you said before, Jon, FX is a little bit of a headwind. So there's small amounts of tenths of a point movement, plus or minus to kind of net to a rather flat position versus 2011.
John A. Ornell: I guess I'd say generally, Nandita, that we're looking at growth rates for 2012 that are relatively comparable for instruments and recurring revenue. So if there's going to be a mix shift in the year, it's going to be rather small. So I wouldn't think it would result in more than a 10 basis point change from flat. So I would say it's possible but not likely to be that significant.
John A. Ornell: I'd say as we look at the base of comparison and the pace of business in Asia, we're pretty comfortable that we're back to our more traditional growth rate in that region of the world. We've got a year-end spend in India that we expect to see come through and the base of comparison in China's easier. So the expectation is for meaningful growth coming out of that region of the world pretty early in the year.
John A. Ornell: I'm using the euro at somewhere around 128, 129; the yen, somewhere around 77; and the pound around 153. There are a basket of other currencies throughout the world that we do consider. These are the major currencies, but there are Canadian dollar, the Aussie dollar. There's other places that need to be considered. And I'm coming up with kind of a weak 2% effect in the first quarter, pretty full to a 2% effect for the full year, Ross.
John A. Ornell: $15 million or so direct. As a percent of our business, 2 at the very most. You try to roll in as best we can.
John A. Ornell: Yes, I think we're a little bit cautious as we think about Western Europe and maybe a little bit of impact associated with a lower GDP in that region of the world. So we've seen, across this year, relatively strong growth in our industrial business including reasonable growth in that geography. We think we might see that business in Western Europe slow down. I think offsetting that to some extent is we have some pretty good confidence that with the TA division, there's a number of products that are recently introduced and others that are coming that will continue to drive growth at least in their portion of that industrial segment. So seeing it move to a mid-single-digit growth from a double-digit growth or a high-single-digit growth is probably a reasonable way to think about that business as we think about a 6% to 8% business overall. I'm not including in that food safety and other applications that I think will grow faster, but the segments that go to the Dows, DuPonts the 3Ms and their equivalent counterparts overseas are likely to be under a bit more pressure, we feel, in '12 as we move forward.
John A. Ornell: No, I don't think there's anything from a base of comparison that's, that difficult. I think you'll see SG&A track the sales growth minus 0.5 point to maybe 1.5 points difference in growth rate, if you will, across the year. So I would not expect to see major deltas by quarter as we think about the 4 quarters of '12 versus '11.
John A. Ornell: Sure. Well, we think our net cash flow is going to be somewhere in the $500 million of free cash flow, if you will, after CapEx. CapEx is probably going to be somewhere around $75 million. Now that does not include capital that we'll deploy on the Manchester facility, which is likely to be somewhere between maybe $30 million and $35 million, depending on how quickly construction begins. As it relates to the share repurchase program, the guidance that I've provided contemplates share repurchases at about $70 million or so a quarter across the year in equivalent, but it's across the year. So about $280 million, $300 million or so in free cash flow procured evenly across the quarters for the year.
John A. Ornell: $0.10 versus a flat currency scenario. So it's about $0.05 per point roughly. I mean, that can vary depending on which currency. But I would tell you that if we were talking about 6% to 8% growth with no currency impact, our earnings would be $0.10 or so higher than what we've described.
John A. Ornell: There's some of each, Derik. There's no doubt though that we ended -- we went into Q4 with a very meaningful backlog on the G2. We booked orders in the fourth quarter as well that we were able to satisfy, and we booked orders in the fourth quarter that are now in backlog leading into Q1. So just the fact that the product was slow coming out of manufacturing that we did build up a meaningful backlog both in the second and third quarter for that product though in particular.
John A. Ornell: Yes, I'd say we're going to continue to spend on R&D as we need to. I would say that it's likely be closer to growth in sales than SG&A. It's possible in a quarter or 2 that you'll see as growing a bit faster than sales. Overall, we're not looking at changing in a meaningful way the percent of R&D, for some sales that R&D represents. But there will be some new products that will require some project expense. That's a little bit lumpy that you'll see across the quarters, but you're not talking about millions of dollars. You're talking $1 million perhaps in one quarter that's a little bit out of place versus prior year growth rate in one particular quarter that approaches 10%, for example, would be a pretty high expense in that quarter. So I don't think, in some total there's a lot of variability you'll see in our R&D spending as you think about this year versus history.
John A. Ornell: Yes. We're thinking that government and academic could be flattish perhaps for 2012, and that's versus being up low- to mid-single-digit in 2011. So yes, we are thinking that it's possible that government agencies and the spend promoted by governments will be a little bit more pressured in '12 versus '11.
John A. Ornell: Well, we've ended up over time with a manufacturing strategy that has moved products into Ireland, has moved products into Singapore, and across many years, we've been able to take advantage of that, both from a product cost perspective as well as a tax rate perspective. And I would tell you that right now, that program is pretty much complete. The businesses are growing with volume, but there aren't large numbers of products that continue to be ramped up to move into those lower-cost jurisdictions. All of that being said, when the business grows in the high-single digits, you're right. There's still volume leverage to be had, and thinking about the business, having 10, 20 basis points of gross margin expansion through the leverage of a fixed base of manufacturing cost is still true. We're a little cautious in stating that to flatly this year just given the fact that the lower end of our range perhaps doesn't provide all of that, and FX is a bit of a headwind this time. So I wouldn't say that the gross margin expansion party is over. Certainly, large leaps in the expansion are as a result of product transfers but small incremental movements with volume, which we continue to see as time goes forward.
Tycho W. Peterson: Just following up on some of the pharma questions earlier. Obviously, you saw some nice momentum here in that business. You talked about it growing faster than the overall business. Given where we are in the QA/QC adoption cycle for ACQUITY, why couldn't that continue to outgrow the overall business? I think your comment before was that could be closer to flattish for the year for large pharma.
Tycho W. Peterson: And are you seeing interest from customers for standardizing on H-Class? I know you had some customers previously standardize on ACQUITY before you launched H-Class, so just wondering if you're seeing that as well.
Tycho W. Peterson: And then you guys recently announced the partnership with Tecan for clinical assay platforms, obviously using your existing technology. But just talk a little bit how you're thinking about the clinical opportunity going forward that you've obviously touched on in various parts of the mass spec business previously.
