Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, the Waters Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters division; and Gene Cassis, Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's results, and John will follow with details of our financials and provide you with our outlook for the third quarter of 2012 and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we try to put us and you kind of in the middle of a range of possible outcomes. I'd say, we've been challenged to achieve the middle of the range, even though we set out each quarter thinking that's where we are. This past quarter was very challenging, and as we look forward, even though our field continues to be optimistic, the data we're getting back at ground level concerning the field interactions with their customers suggest that they really have demands, I think, as that gets translated up the hierarchy though, clearly, management controls and our customer set in terms of available spending has tempered what we think is a reasonably robust level of demand at the ground level. So as we look out into second half and have taken our expectations down a notch, we don't think that the second half gets materially worse, but we don't see a lot of signs that there's a particular factor that's going to create an uptick. So we think we're a little bit on the conservative side as we look at the second half, but I'd freely admit that it's a challenging environment, and we're still keeping a very tight handle on the spending lever.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: There's nothing extraordinary or restructuring in that, Dan. It's tight control on unnecessary travel. It's some natural in terms of commission and variable pay won't be as originally anticipated given the lower sales levels. It certainly -- headcount additions are unlikely in this environment. So all of the things that -- in every year, we keep a number of plans -- planned incremental spending in reserve until we see some of our planned growth come together, and as it hasn't, we're putting those increased plans in abeyance. So I'd say it's certainly an uptick in the level of control of spending and the deferral of things that aren't directly necessary to create sales, but it's not anything extraordinary in terms of restructuring. If we see a significant change in our expectations, we would, of course, look at what we needed to do to keep our P&L structure in balance.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, Ross, I would say we didn't really see quite that inflection point in the quarter. I'd say maybe some weakening as we went through, but the industrial segment of our business was...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: On the large pharma front, I think it's very lumpy and largely specific to individual accounts. We saw a pretty good results in large pharma in Europe and decent results in the United States. We saw growth in those large accounts, but it certainly wasn't anything that we'd call robust. The greater part of our growth story in the broad pharmaceutical market is in specialty pharma biotech, CROs and generics. But generics was certainly tempered by India, and India, there's no question that the weakness in the rupee is causing consternation amongst those account. I continue to believe that, that will get better. I don't think that there's a way for those businesses to delay spending forever, and we saw a little bit of a pickup. As we ended the second quarter there, we saw a particularly good pickup in underlying demand, but some of those accounts really faced issues in clearing letters of credit and getting their banks to release credit. So I think they're all working on that, and I anticipate that India is going to get better over the next 2 or 3 quarters. And that's basically hurt our growth rate in that area in the first half of this year. So our outlook just at big pharma stays pretty much in the route that it's in. We have some accounts spending robustly, but that's not true across the board. We think CRO spending is likely to pick up from somewhat restrained levels in the first half, and the net-net of that is maybe a little bit better in the future than we've seen in the immediate past.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The attach rate on the UPLC overall, Nandita, has been very good. The -- it is fair to say that with the H-Class, there's still a lot of applications being run there that are HPLC and not UPLC. That's one of the big attractions of H-Class. So the attach rate of UPLC columns on the H-Class isn't as high as it is on classical UPLC and things like the X-class -- excuse me, the I-Class. So overall, it is our fastest-growing consumables category. And I'd say we're seeing no real diminishment of the attach rates where we expect to. Over the longer haul, we're expecting H-Class to garner a greater share of UPLC consumables, and that's generally been happening since we've introduced the H-Class.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say it's a mixed bag. In certain cases, it's -- interestingly in generic cases, we're seeing customers go to UPLC performance quickly. In other cases, they just like the flexibility that the H-Class gives them in terms of converting methods or running both UPLC and HPLC columns. So maybe it's a little bit slower given economic conditions, but I don't think it really changes the overall model.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Our pricing, I'd say there's no news on the pricing front. In this climate, you might expect that pricing competition would heat up, you could say, maybe in a few situations. But we have always maintained our position as selling based on most everything else other than low price. So service and support and technological differentiation, we believe continue to be the drivers of our business. And as you can see from our margin performance, we're not wavering from that theory and see no signs that we're losing material amounts of business because of it.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think -- first of all, our forecast -- the numbers that John shared with you don't count on a tremendous uptick in that business. But on the ground level and really -- with orders in India, we typically wait to book the orders until those customers have cleared their letters of credit. That process -- that end process in typical years is not a big delay process from when the customers place their purchase order to when they clear their bank credit. That process has slowed significantly with the weakness of the rupee and a lot of these companies having to change their credit lines. So what we're looking at is a pretty big -- I don't want to call it backlog because those orders don't become into our backlog as until they clear credit. But a good sign that the underlying demand on the ground in India is much higher than our current run rate. Now they still have to ultimately get the money, but I -- traditionally, in periods of a weakening rupee, they have done that. I think there's a little additional flavor of government turbulence in India and change in leadership, so that might add a degree of uncertainty. But long term, those generic accounts have to build capacity to take on the generic marketplace. So -- and we have, by far, the leading share in our product lines in those accounts. So if that breaks through at all, we should see meaningful uptick in our expectations.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think that you may be -- what I said was that some of the orders that were delayed in the first quarter, we really saw them booked in the early part of April. So that did encourage us that some of those delays were behind us. Unfortunately, we saw a new delay kind of creep into the process, Jon, so that didn't signal a real uptick in run rate. I think this issue of when things occur in the quarter -- as you know, we always have a big bolus of orders that comes in late in the quarter. I think everybody in this industry still runs on that kind of model. Our experience in June was pretty good. Orders were -- saw [ph] the fields talking about run rates picking up. We see one area up, one area experiencing slowness. You're continuing to monitor that. So it's a bit of a struggle to, say, overall, anything changed in June. Some areas picked up in June, and some areas that were expecting orders to come in, didn't. So I'd say the life science business was actually reasonably good right through June. It was the industrial piece that probably -- we saw -- we certainly didn't see the run rate of business late in the quarter that we expected. It wasn't strong early, but it was probably weaker as we ended the quarter. So I mean that's part of the reality of saying, what's the next month, the next quarter, the next half year going to be like. And we roll in all of this. We listen to others in the industry, the competitors and what they're saying and roll in our specific factors. I think we've got some individual circumstances that give us some reason to be optimistic that the second half could be better than the first half. But overall, we think that the economic climate's going to be pretty much like it is now, I mean, maybe a little bit worse in some areas, but I think we have no reason to believe that it's falling off a cliff.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No, you misunderstood me. I say every quarter you see some particular order where somebody's dramatically discounting and the field wants to it match it, something that -- I would say we're not seeing a materially different environment today than we've seen for the last 1.5 years. I mean, every quarter, some competitor decides that price competition is the way they're going to make their quarter, and we deal with that all the time, and we don't respond to it. So that's why our margins hold up, and I don't want anybody to come away with the fact that we're seeing a dramatically different climate. We're seeing the same amount that we always see.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: And it's the place that a big piece of that market is into nonprofit government and academic labs. We're worried about that segment of the market more than others. We are beginning to ship our new high-end G2-S products, so we're hopeful that, that can stimulate things. But overall, we're not holding out for a return to aggressive growth rates in that segment of the MS market.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It was still down in the quarter. It wasn't down as much as it was, I believe, in the first quarter if I recall the sales numbers correctly. But it was still detracted certainly from the growth, and I think it's the G2-S that we're holding out some hope for in being able to prop that up as we move forward.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I wouldn't argue long and hard that in the first 6 months, we haven't lost some high-end orders, Tycho. The SYNAPT G2-S is an important piece that's coming into the market, and we'll have to see how that responds. But this whole area, I think, is one of the most challenged for instrument manufacturers. These are high-end instruments. The academic and government market is a much bigger piece of this market than it is of the traditional chromatography market. And I think that's the market that's going to be most challenged. So it's a tough area for all of us. That doesn't mean there's no spending there, but it's not the area that I'd look for the most rigorous uptick in the second half.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think we're very optimistic about the clinical business. It's still less than -- well, it's a single-digit piece of our overall business. It has major opportunities, but it's an area where the regulatory issues still kind of have to be worked out in many of these applications. There are some applications that are robust, tried and true. Drugs of abuse and pain testing and things like that are very active areas today. And I do think some of them have flipped over to mass spec technology almost exclusively. So that's good news. I think to the extent that a number of these customers are still being challenged on their own, that is the clinical testing markets, still a little bit cautious about looking for extraordinary growth there, but I think it's likely to be better than average as we go over the next 6 to 12 months.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. 2 points, and I decide [ph] LC did better than mass spec. And certainly, as you look at tougher CapEx environments, mass spec comes under pressure a lot more quickly, as you know, than the LC side. So there was more stability as you'd expect in the LC instrument side, and there's more variability with the mass spec instrument.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: H Yes. What I was referring to is that the attach rates on H-Class are lower than the attach rates on classical UPLC because with H-Class, you're still seeing our customers run traditional HPLC methods as they -- a way to switch over to UPLC. So that's still a good source of UPLC columns. It's just not as high an attach rate as the I-Class or the traditional HPLC.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, China. We are more -- we more look at the individual input that we're getting from individual ministries and our people on the ground. As other people have been concerned about China, our organization has held pretty firm. One of the benefits we have in China is that our business is very diverse. I mean it's -- unlike some of the other areas that are heavily aimed at pharmaceutical and pharmaceutical-like applications, China is into food safety, food quality. It's a good mix between western companies who are in the China market as well as more traditional Chinese customers. The mix of all of that has held up well, and we're reasonably confident of it holding up in the second half. Frankly, we haven't factored in an uptick because of long-term planning on the part of the Chinese. We think it's kind of more run rate like that we're likely to see in the second half.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we see no sign of saturation in terms of the underlying dynamics, the request for demonstrations, the request for quotes on the part of these application. And we've seen these kinds of swings historically where you've got a big amount in the base, you've got a lump of business and then that lump tails off. But out of each cycle comes a higher level of spending. The regulations in these markets aren't getting easier. If anything, the opportunity for the regulations to get more stringent in the United States as we really await the implementations of the food safety regs in the United States, we think have the opportunity to add momentum in these markets. So we're not terribly concerned. The one exception to the non-pharmaceutical there is the industrial chemical market. It's more related to macroeconomic demand. A lot of it's derivative to the world auto industry as that places demands on polymers and chemicals. And we're cautious about the dynamics in that segment of the market.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay. Well, thank you all for sticking with us. We ran a little bit later than we traditionally do, but hopefully, that got most of your questions answered, and as always, we'll be prepared to answer any follow-up questions that you have as the next few days unroll. So thanks a lot, and we'll hopefully be back with you next quarter. We can sign off now.
John A. Ornell: Sure, sure. I'll go through that. From a geographical perspective, Dan, we're thinking about that U.S. being kind of a mid-single-digit growth driver for the business as we move through the back half of the year. Europe and Japan are kind of flat, as we think about continued pressures in Europe remaining and no sign of anything getting much better there as we think about Q3 and Q4. Asia on the other hand, I'd say, we continue to look at the kind of high-single-digit type of an expectation for that part of the world and a little bit more conservative view of ROW of places like Latin America and other areas that had been growing closer to double digits, we're now thinking might be closer to mid-single digits. So all of that pulls the growth down to something that gets somewhere between 2% and 4%.
John A. Ornell: No. I'd say that this point in time at least, we're not getting feedback from our customers that would suggest that, that event is something that's going to strike us between now and the end of the year. And I suppose that could change, but certainly to date, we haven't been giving any indication that, that's going to be a meaningful event.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I'd say on the service front, we traditionally need to add service headcount at about the same rate as service sales grow. We went through a period certainly during the recession. We didn't do that. We caught up a little bit on that expense as of late, and I think right now, we're probably right in line with where we need to be. We have been adding a few heads in some of the developing parts of the world where we've needed to. But I would say, don't expect any meaningful change in gross margin on the service side. Because I'd say we're pretty well fully utilizing the headcount that's there and have very small plans for additions to keep up with the sales volume in emerging markets that will, net, keep that margin where it is.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I would say as it relates to TA, TA Instruments, as you know, has a very competitive offering up and down its line right now. So I'd say, competitively, it's in a very good shape. We've said earlier that microcalorimetry had a good quarter, had the good half. The outlook there is very optimistic and continuing to be able to place those instruments into pharmaceutical settings. So the pharma piece of what they do is very strong at this point in time. And the new high-temp products that are just now being integrated into the line and passed out to the sales force is very encouraging. We think that the technologies that we have, they'll be able to compete with the market leader in that space, and we think that, that will continue to allow TA to drive growth at least mid-single digits as we think about the second half of the year in spite of perhaps a more difficult industrial chemical customer base.
John A. Ornell: I would say that the run rate of what we're expecting is going to be about the same moving into Q3 and Q4. Japan has been a difficult environment for us for many years and for others. So we've never had much more than kind of a low-single-digit expectation for that part of the world anyway, so thinking about that being relatively flat is not really too far off from historical expectations. Europe, we saw a rather, I guess, traditional split of growth in Europe, kind of soft in the southern side where you would expect. Germany was okay. France was okay. U.K. was a little bit soft in Q2. We don't think that, that continues as soft as it was in the second half of year. Certainly, we don't have any expectations for Southern Europe to get better. But we have also had a somewhat softer Eastern Europe than we might have thought, and we think that there, it's possible that we'll see a little bit more growth in the second half than we did in the first. So I mean, maybe Europe ends up being, from base of comparison, a little different than what we saw in the second quarter, but I don't think it's dramatically different, and you end up splitting hairs at that level.
John A. Ornell: Yes. The new single quad actually grew relatively nicely in the quarter on a pretty poor base of comparison. So I'd say we're optimistic that the single quadrupole space for us will look better than it has historically as we look at the back half of the year. That being said, I'd say we're probably comfortable with our tandem quadrupole position and continue to look at that as being a very competitive space but one where we have a competitive product and don't feel uncomfortable there looking into the second half. It's probably the high-end part of the market where we see the most competitive pressure, and there are good and valid options for customers on that front. And that is the market space for us that today is the most competitive.
John A. Ornell: Yes, there was this -- a very small amount in TA. I think about 3% of their 11 were 0.3 bps in the total business was associated with the high-temp acquisition. And that's not likely to be dramatically different as we look at the second half.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I'd say right out of the gate and certainly the start of the year, we had many of the incremental spend programs targeted to begin in the second quarter. And having had a relatively slow start to the year, shall we say, we pushed many of those programs out to the beginning of the third quarter. So right out of the gate, even though we might have been thinking that the quarter was going to materialize to be something a bit higher organically that it turns out to be, we did not do anything on the spend front to turn up the gas, if you will, at the start of the second quarter. All of the controls that were in place through the first quarter remained in the second quarter. So from that perspective, we really had kind of a head start, if you will, and have held back in many areas: travel, advertising, project expense. There was a number of different areas where we've been able to hold the line, and that's in spite of, as you point out, the fact that we went through a relatively normal merit process around the world. But that was up against the base of a merit program that was comparable. So the comparable number increased, too. So I would say, the holding of the line in SG&A going forward to organically be a very low-single-digit type of an increase that will be completely offset by FX and nets out to something that might be flattish to maybe down slightly is really just holding the line on the expenses that we currently are. I would say that there's not a lot of room to go much lower organically than where we are without having to take different measures. But this is certainly a couple of points organic growth less spend. What we would -- what we have historically said, it's kind of the floor from which you can get margin leverage. And actually at these levels, we're really just holding operating income about flat with prior year. We're not providing incremental leverage. A lot of the EPS growth that you're getting at a flat top line with currency is coming from the share repurchase program.
John A. Ornell: Yes, right. And that's how many years that can be sustained. I mean, we'd have to really look at that in a bit more detail. But certainly, this year is intact at that level.
John A. Ornell: On the cash flow side, with the new guidance that we've put out there, I'd say that we’re looking to approach maybe $475 million free cash flow for the full year before the Manchester facility. That will probably bring it down to closer to $450 million for the full year. And on the share repurchase side, we just did 103, we did about 60-something in the first quarter, so around 170-ish, I think, through the midyear. You're probably looking at that to grow to somewhere around 300, 325, anyway, as we make our -- $300 million to $325 million as we make our way through the second half of the year. And we'll see depending on share price, we may do a little more, a less but something in that range probably makes sense.
John A. Ornell: Yes. I'd say, certainly, as we've looked at FX across this year, kind of including the second quarter where rates currently sit, I mean we didn't, in the second quarter, experience the full impact of the rates where they've landed at the end of the quarter. As you know, it's average of those rates across the quarter, but there was very little impact on gross margin percentages based on the fact that the relationship of the currencies versus the dollar kind of moved consistently. We have a -- we had a euro that for us, we can pretty much hedge the same way that organically, we see flow-through from our business. We see about the same flow-through on the euro impact, so it doesn't have a big gross margin impact. We didn't see a big change in the yen or the pound. Those are items that are, generally speaking, are strong. Yen is good for margins. A weak pound is good for margins. And we didn't see dramatic movements in those currencies, so we had some stability in the gross margin performance on the FX side. So I'd say the FX flow-through was pretty much what we expected, more of it because of the -- overall, there was a bigger impact. But given where rates are right now, I wouldn't have you believe that there's going to be a big gross margin percent impact like we had seen historically.
