Udit Batra: Thank you, Amul. So to summarize, despite a slower than expected start to the year, our end markets are resilient and we expect to see increased strength in the second half of the year. While we have revised our revenue guide, we're maintaining our full year EPS guide due to our robust financial model and the acceleration of our growth strategy remains on track, with continued progress on all of our high growth adjacencies, and with our pending acquisition of Wyatt Technology. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our colleagues around the world who've continued to demonstrate the indomitable spirit of Waters with their focus on strong commercial execution and revitalized innovation. We also look forward to welcoming our future Wyatt colleagues. Finally, I'm proud to share that Waters continues to be globally recognized for its strong ESG profile, placing at number five on the Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies list for 2023. This is the second year that we've been placed in the top 10 after receiving more than 20 awards in 2022, recognizing the company for excellence in product innovation, leadership strength, and commitment to social and environmental responsibility. We look forward to continuing to demonstrate our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. So with that, I'll turn the call back to Caspar.
Udit Batra: Sure. Thanks, Luke, and good morning. Look, it's a great start to the year with about 45% growth, and this is largely due to the elevated global funding that we're seeing across the globe and the strong demand for our high res mass spec portfolio. This growth was, of course, led by China, which grew over 80% versus previous year. And of course, we saw the same thing happening not to that same extent in magnitude but in the U.S., in India and in Europe, all had a nice growth well into the double-digit territory. So Academic and Government, as you know, is a segment that's rather lumpy. So I would rather not extrapolate Q1 to the rest of the year. So we assume that we will see the second half that will become more normalized and the full year will be more in the low double-digit to teens range given such a strong start to the year.
Udit Batra: So look, just to sort of take a step back. The full year guide -- for the full year guide, we have assumed 3% to 5% in constant currency, right? And on a 2-year stacked basis, this is still high single digits. We like to -- we think like the first quarter, the spending at Chinese CDMO customers and the pre-commercial biotech customers remains constrained for the balance of the year. And to remind you, on the China side, we've grown the CDMO presence over the last 2 years. We've actually tripled that business, right? So it's gone dramatically up. So we think -- like the first quarter, the spending in the Chinese CDMO customers and the pre-commercial biotech customers will remain sort of muted. On the other hand, we're assuming that the large pharma customers who delayed orders for instruments will come in the second half of the year. And here, over the last 2 weeks, I've personally spoken to several large customers, both in the U.S. and Europe to understand the situation. And the funding remains very much intact, and the POs were simply delayed. So we're expecting those to come largely in the second half of the year. So then the 3% to 5% guide would then imply that for the full year, China will grow in the low single digits versus our previous assumption of high single digits. Pharma will also remain in the low single-digit category with combined pressure from China CDMO and pre-commercial biotech, and instruments for the year will grow flat to low single digits and recurring revenues in the high single digits, right? So I hope that gives you a flavor for the drivers of the full year guidance and how we stepped it down. Amol, do you want to comment on the quantitative aspects.
Udit Batra: So let me -- so Vijay, thank you for the question. First, on the biotech exposure. Our biotech customers, broadly speaking, constitute between 10% to 15% of our pharma business. and with more heavier weighting in the U.S. and China where the biotech industry is even more developed. Pre-commercial biotech, which is where we saw the slowdown is a subset of this and is roughly half of it, right? So if you do the math, that's roughly 5% to 7% of our pharma business, right, and largely focused on the U.S. and in China. So during Q1, pre-commercial biotech companies, of course, got extremely cautious and virtually halted their instrument purchases, especially later in March. We're starting to see some relaxation but we've assumed that this situation will persist for the balance of the year. And over the long -- over the long term, I don't need to remind you, the biotech industry plays an extremely important role in the innovation that we see across health care, and they remain our very, very strong customers. Now to your question on Wyatt, roughly 80% of the Wyatt business is focused on biologics applications. Wyatt has historically been very strong in academic and government and for biologics applications, we're characterizing large molecules like cell and gene therapy and cell and gene therapy and proteins and monoclonal antibodies. We expect this business for the balance of the year once the close happens to remain in the low double digit -- low double-digit category. And as Amol said, this would add roughly 25% of our incremental revenue for Waters for the rest of the year. So we expect this to continue to remain extremely strong for the balance of the year.
Udit Batra: Yes. So Dan, thank you for the question. Look, I mean, we spend a lot of time clinically dissecting what happened in Q1 and why it came below our expectations with a 3% or so -- 3% or so growth, right? And the reasons that I outlined the slowdown in Chinese CDMO customers start down the purchasing of Chinese CDMO customers who largely serve US and European pharma customers. We think that will persist for the balance of the year. We think the pre-commercial biotech spending will remain muted. And at least that's what we've assumed, even though we see some signs of that improving, we've assumed that, that remains muted. And then thirdly, we expect the deferral of purchases of instruments in large pharma customers to come back. And we looked at this super carefully, and I personally spoke to some large pharma customers. They have the budget. They have the funding. It simply was caution to delay the purchases. And now with a very strong revitalized portfolio, we feel very good about being able to compete for orders across the instrument portfolio. So you put it all -- you put it all together, you basically see that the instruments are -- instrument growth will be flat or low single digit at most for the full year. Recurring revenues, which have gone from strength to strength is over 50% of our business gets into the high single-digit category. Pharma, which has been our sort of strongest grower in many -- for many, many years. We also assume in aggregate will be flat to low single digits. And China, again, a strong growth driver will end up flat to low single digits. So I think we've been rather cautious about our guidance, and we've taken all the factors into account. And as you said, I mean, the full year stack looks very good, just given the strength we've built from a commercial perspective. and the strong innovative portfolio that we have put forth in the market. And with the close of Wyatt, that should add a little bit of -- a little bit more momentum.
Udit Batra: The instrument sales for this quarter declined roughly 4%, right? And as you rightly pointed out, this is on the base -- on the back of a 26% growth in Q1 2022, right? So a pretty strong comp. Now mass spec grew high teens. So strength to strength. And on a multiyear basis, it's a high-teen growth. TA grew double digits, while LC declined in teens. Now to your question on LC or deeper question on LC, the sales were impacted disproportionately by the decline that we saw in the purchase by pharma customers, and these are Chinese CDMOs serving U.S. and European customers, as I mentioned, the pre-commercial biotechs and also the delayed orders that I talked about for large pharma. So disproportionately impacting LC. Now just to put this all in a bit of perspective, you see in an instrument business, we will always see fluctuations. And -- but what is important to remember is that over the long term. Our instrument business has grown in a 4% to 5% range with a gross margin of roughly 60%, right? It's a pretty attractive area to be in. We, during this time, looked at our instrument growth rates for the last 20 years, starting to 2004, we basically looked at every year. And you come away with just 2 very simple insights. First, the average growth hovers around 4% to 5%. Second, there is a fluctuation around this mean which generally gets exaggerated around economic slowdowns like in 2008 and '09, 2011 and '12, but the volume always returns within 1 to 2 quarters. So whenever there is a delay, especially in the case of LC, which is over 70% of replacement business, this fluctuation always subsides and you return to your average of about 4% to 5%. So we're pretty positive, and we feel very confident about the deferred businesses coming back especially now given our terrific commercial execution that you pointed out and our renewed portfolio, especially in the small molecule LC segment where Arc HPLC now is augmented by Alliance IS we should see the instrument growth returning back to normal before long. So for the full year, then we've basically assumed still a flat to low single-digit instrument growth in aggregate. And recurring revenues at the high single-digit range. In the second half of the year, you'll start to see trends that are more like pre-COVID times, right? So I hope that gives you a bit of flavor on what the assumptions are and how we've thought about it.
Udit Batra: So Matt, great question, right? And so I personally then decided to speak to several of the large pharma customers, both in the U.S. and in Europe. And basically, we find that the budgets are still very much intact, like many companies like us as well. We are being more cautious with capital spend, and we are taking longer to approve capital spend, and that's what's happened in large pharma as well. So there is no talk of not doing replacements or not adding instrument fleets that they had planned altogether. Second, what I'll remind you is that our business is more heavily weighted towards the QA/QC segment, which is more proportional to manufacturing volumes, right? And so R&D spend if it comes under pressure, does not impact, especially our LC business, which more weighted towards Q3 and especially on the small molecule side. So really no real indicator there that, that would slow down. And finally, Matt, feel extremely good about our commercial execution that we -- that has demonstrated what we've been able to do over the last 2 to 2.5 years. Where we have really grown rather nicely with all the instrument replacement initiatives also on the consumables side, which remains extremely strong, and consumables, I'll remind you, is an indicator of pharma activity, right? If that is growing high single digit, what you find is there is significant activity still occurring in the -- with the pharmaceutical customers. So we believe it's just a matter of time that the instrument orders that were delayed in large pharma will come back. So we have a lot of cooperating evidence that suggests that this is coming back. But we've been rather cautious, even though we see some indicators of it coming back already, we've been rather cautious to assume that most of the spend will come in the second half of the year.
Udit Batra: So I mean just taking a step back, Matt, the industrial segment of Waters has dramatically changed over the last 15 years or so, right? I mean, basically, it's now constituted heavily of food and environmental and the TA business has 40% of it is in the more resilient segments like batteries also serving some parts of life science, right, out of the TA. Now to just decompose the results for the quarter. I mean, it grew -- the industrial business grew roughly 3%. It was led by TA again, which grew 10%, almost 10% and PFAS testing, which we've talked about several times in our previous which continues to grow really, really rapidly. And in TA, roughly 40% of the business is now in the more resilient segments with batteries really continuing to grow nicely. So when I double click on TA, I mean it has the same sort of dynamics that the Waters division does, right? So we've really our focus on commercial execution, new products, especially ones relevant for high-growth areas for thermal analysis and geology, and we just talked about our new battery calorie meter that sets a new standard in testing batteries and their efficiency and effectiveness. It's just been launched, right? So we feel very good about where the TA business stands going forward. So if I just put all of that together for the full year, we're assuming a mid-single-digit growth in our industrial business, led by the strength that we continue to see in TA and PFAS testing.
Udit Batra: That's a fantastic question, Derik, and I expected you to ask something that relates to the history of Waters in general. Look, you're totally right. We think the second half of the year will start to approximate what we've seen in the past, right? That's why if you just look at the growth rate of the second half of the year, it's between 4% and 7%. Instruments now starting to traverse into the low to mid-single digits and consumables well above our historical averages reversing at the high single digit, right? So it does start to look like historical patterns. And if you just now look at the specifics, right, as I said, we basically said, look, the CDMO spending in China, the pre-commercial biotech is not coming back. Now you can call that super conservative or not up to you, but we just said, look, that's not coming back for the balance of the year. That's what we want to assume for now. With pharma, we've said, based on the visibility we have with those customers, and I've personally spoken to several of them as well to just gain confidence, we're already starting to see the orders released now. It's anyone's guess if it comes in Q2, Q3 or Q4. But again, we've been cautious and said, look, it will come in Q3 and Q4 rather than in Q2, right? So I think that's the dynamics. But it does return the second half of the year starts looking awfully like pre-COVID times. And then when you do the full year math, right, you look at Waters, I mean, you see us on a stack 2-year, 4-year stack basis, reversing high single digits. And Amol already talked to you about the margins. The margins are 30.5%. I mean that's a pretty good business, right? High single-digit, 30.5% margin. So we expect to be able to overcome these challenges for the balance of the year. And I mean this is the best visibility that we had at this point given the conditions.
Udit Batra: Yes. I think -- I can't give you a moment next year. But just to give you sort of broad strokes at this point, we think that our instrument business is super healthy, right? Is it 3 or is it 5%? I cannot judge, but it's a good starting point. We think our consumables business has been reversing on the stacked and a double stack, meaning 2- and 4-year stack basis on high single digits. Now it seems a bit higher than previous growth rates. And now we've augmented our business with Wyatt, which should add more to the growth rate, right? So that's a low double-digit grower and exposed more to biologics. And you put it all together, I mean instruments are mid-single-digit recurring revenues are high single digit, you sort of end up at a weighted average, which is mid- to high single digits, right? That's our -- that's what we are saying. And remember, we said 5% to 7% growth in the midterm, starting to -- and with more move towards high-growth adjacencies that growth even expands, and we're able to maintain our margins because we are rather careful about how we invest in the business, and it's about a 30-ish percent or 30.5% margin, right? So you start to see the algorithm come back. But with a bit more strength given what we've done on the commercial side, and how we've been adding strength on the consumables placement through e-commerce, service attachment rates, which are higher than ever and then new product -- the new product portfolio, which is completely revitalized. So we think it will be in there or thereabouts, but probably a little bit better given commercial success given innovation and the fact that we have Wyatt, which is a faster-growing business in the segment.
Udit Batra: So maybe I'll start with the very end and then work towards the front on the pharma customers. Look, Josh, we've done a very clinical analysis on the drivers of what's happened in Q1, right? And we've been super transparent about where they've come from, right, the Chinese CDMOs, the emerging -- the pre-commercial biotech. And those 2, we don't expect to see coming back for the balance of the year, even if there are indications that, that starts to relax towards the latter part of the year. On the pharma spend, we have a significant amount of cooperating evidence that from the field, from my personal conversations, from looking at the data, especially in what we're seeing on commercial perspective. And I'll remind you that we are still very much a QA/QC focused company. So come the commercial volumes continue to rise as they are in pharma, new products keep coming through, we expect to see that spend continue in the way that it has. So we feel reasonably comfortable that the spending will come back for the balance of the year. Again, how it's distributed in Q2, Q3, Q4, it's not straightforward, but we are assuming that it's in the second half of the year. And that brings us to the full year full year guide, which is the 3% to 5% or a 2-year stack growth rate of high single digits. So I hope that gives you color on how we are thinking about the full year and where we see strength and where we have sort of analyzed it and said, look, we are not bringing this back into the equation.
Udit Batra: Yes. And Josh, to build on the price comment, we expect that the strength that we've built in execution of implementing pricing changes will stay with us. Second, our portfolio, which is really reinvigorated across the board, right? So we've talked enough about the mass spec business in the past and the Xevo TQ Absolute, the G3 QTOF, which now helps customers transfer their methods much better from development into QA/QC or to the BioAccord. We've talked about the impact of our MaxPeak Premier column. So innovation across the board and now more recently with LC with the Alliance IS and also DA for battery applications. We see innovation across the board, and these customers do want these products. They meet very significant unmet needs, and they're willing to pay a premium to access these products. So the commercial strength that we've built over the last 2 years plus the revitalized portfolio makes us confident that we can continue to pass on price in a very significant way.
Udit Batra: Sure. Rachel, thanks for your question. Look, instrument sales declined about 4% for this quarter, right, and on the back of the 26% in Q1 2022. Mass spec, as I mentioned earlier, grew high teens and DA grew double digits, while LC is the 1 that declined in teens. And to your question, on how these were and where this came from. I mean it's the same drivers that I mentioned earlier, they were impacted disproportionately by the decline in the Chinese CDMO customers who are serving U.S. and European pharma companies, pre-commercial biotech and some delayed orders in large pharma. As we think about the full year, we feel quite confident that the deferred business is going to come back given what I mentioned to the -- in response to the previous questions and also the fact that we have an excellent commercial organization and a new portfolio that basically allow us to place these instruments. For the full year, we are assuming a flat to low single-digit growth in instruments and of course, high single digits for consumables. And you'll start to see, to Derik's question earlier, the second half of the year look awfully like pre-COVID times. I hope that gives you clarity.
Udit Batra: So Rachel, thanks for that question. Look, I mean, about 40% to 50% of the pharma pipeline is now biologics. A good portion of that is cell and gene therapy molecules, which are curative, not just treatments. These are fantastic drugs. And we're doing all we can to help our customers take these to the market. Unfortunately, the characterization techniques for these have not moved at the pace that they should have historically. Now we have the tools like LCMS, like LCU, like light scattering that -- and like our MaxPeak Premier Columns that will allow our customers to characterize these molecules much better to move them faster to the pipeline and reduce costs. dramatically. So we see that demand really, really picking up, right? So when we did the analysis, we said, look, this is about a $1.8 billion market that is growing well into the double digits. Now with the addition of yet, we now have a world-class portfolio with the simplest LCMS instrument in Biocad that has very good adoption for raw material testing for in-process characterization of cell lines and now rapidly moving into QA/QC. And I've given some examples of that also in the past. Second, LC/UV remains a characterization technique that many of our customers use to release biologics. And thirdly, now with Wyatt multi-angle light scattering that we now intend to attach to our SEC malls -- our SEC columns as well as our LCs. We think this has very, very good prospects going forward. And when you talk about wired, it has historically grown in the 20% range. And our assumption is -- as we look at the balance of the year and the rest and after the deal is closed, we -- our assumption is still that it's a low double-digit grower with a 40% margin for the foreseeable future. So we feel very good about this area and biologics in general and the business that we're building in bioanalytical characterization.
Udit Batra: Sure. Look, I mean, this really came in the month of March, right? I mean our pre-commercial biotech, as I said before, is roughly 5% to 7% of our overall pharma business, and largely focused in the U.S. and in China. Now to double-click on the U.S., these companies are mostly in the Cambridge and San Diego, San Francisco area, right? And we saw really their spending almost halt in March, given the financial crisis that many of the companies were going through. Some of that has started to release, but we saw that segment really slowed down quite dramatically in the month of March. And then that has -- that has persisted into -- we are assuming that, that is persisting into Q2, especially for that particular segment.
Udit Batra: Sure. Thank you very much for your participation and questions today. And on behalf of the entire management team at Waters, I would like to thank you for your continued support and interest in the company. Thank you, and have a wonderful day. .
