Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, thank you, Chris, and good morning. In the second quarter our revenues came in at $537 million, an increase of about 8.5%. The impact of currency translation in the quarter was neutral. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share in the second quarter were up 20% to $1.58 in comparison to earnings of $1.32 last year. On a GAAP basis our earnings were $1.57 as compared to $1.27 for the second quarter of last year. The impact of foreign exchange increased second quarter earnings by about $0.06 and without this positive effect our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share would have grown by about 15%. On the product front, Waters sales were up 8% while TA sales were up 10%. Breaking that down somewhat, LC and MS Instrument platform sales increased by 7% and TA's Instrumentation sales grew by 11% in the second quarter. Our total recurring revenues associated with both Waters and TA products grew by 10% with TA service revenue up 9%. Looking at our growth rates in the second quarter geographically and before currency translation, U.S. sales were up 5%, Europe was up 12%, Japan up 3% and sales in Asia outside of Japan were also up 10%. Sales of Waters products were particularly strong in China and in Europe. TA product sales showed broad-based strength in the U.S., Japan and in Europe. Now I'd like to comment on our second quarter's non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins for the quarter came in at 58.9% versus 57.8% in the second quarter of last year. Year-to-date gross margin percentage is about equal to that of the first half of 2015. Moving down the P&L, SG&A expenses were up 7% on a constant currency basis and 6% on a non-GAAP reported basis. R&D expenses, including those associated with new product development and incremental investments, grew about 10% in the quarter on a constant currency basis and were up about 7% on a reported basis, this primarily due to a weaker British pound. On the tax front, our effective non-GAAP operating tax rate for the quarter was about 14%. In the quarter net interest expense was $6 million and our average share count came in at 81.5 million shares or approximately 1.9 million shares lower than in the second quarter of last year, this being a net result of our ongoing share repurchase program. Turning now to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $2.6 billion and debt was about $1.8 billion, bringing us to a net cash position of $843 million. As for second quarter share repurchases, we bought 565,000 shares of our common stock for $77 million. This leaves $275 million on our authorized share repurchase program. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus non-cash tax benefits from stock-based compensation accounting and excluding unusual nonrecurring items. In the second quarter of 2016, free cash flow came in at $136 million after funding $25 million of capital, and excluded from this amount is approximately $3 million of investments associated with facilities expansion. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 76 days in the quarter, inventory levels about flat in comparison to the prior quarter, reflecting typical seasonal patterns. Now I'd like to discuss our full-year 2016 guidance. Our outlook generally assumes the continued growth in biopharmaceutical end-markets, strong recurring revenue growth and relatively balanced performance across our instrumentation lines. We feel these dynamics support a 6% to 7% constant currency sales increase for the full year 2016. Currency translation at today's rates is expected to be about neutral to sales, again looking at the full-year. Moving down the P&L, gross margins for the year are expected to be about equal to those in 2015 and come in at around 59%. We expect to manage our operating cash expenses to grow at a rate that's less than our sales growth. Moving below the operating income line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $27 million. We expect our full-year operating tax rate to come in at around 14%. Looking at share buybacks, we plan to continue our share repurchase program through 2016 and at a rate that we expect will result in an average diluted share count of around 81 million shares outstanding. Now rolling all this together, and again on a non-GAAP basis, full-year 2016 earnings per fully diluted share are now anticipated to be within a range of $6.45 to $6.60. Looking at the third quarter of 2016, we are estimating that sales will grow at a constant currency rate of around 6%. At today's rates, currency translation is expected to add about a half of a percentage point to sales growth in the third quarter. Rolling all these factors together, we anticipate our adjusted third quarter's earnings per diluted share to be in a range of $1.52 to $1.62. And with that, I'll turn it back to Chris.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, the only thing that I would add to what Chris mentioned is that our TA Instruments group had a strong showing in Japan in the quarter, indicating that there is a hunger for new products there as well as funds to invest for new technology, and this is on the industrial side.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. Well, the business in Japan has been around 8% of our overall revenues. And as you look at currency translation rates between last year and this year, we've seen 10% plus appreciation in the yen. And frankly, we have a very efficient operation there. So, we – our yen-based expenses are well under control. And so, when you see this kind of fluctuation in the value of the yen moving in the positive direction, there's a significantly positive flow through to our operating income line.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. Certainly on a qualitative level I'm happy to. I think that the strength that we've seen in the pharmaceutical end market looks like it has some sustainability. So thinking about the average growth rate for the company, I think it's realistic to think that the pharmaceutical sector will be at or slightly higher than that. We're a little bit more cautious on the government and academic. We're expecting that we'll see some improvements during the second half, but that still has to materialize. And, I would say that we're also a little bit more cautious on the industrial side. So, looking at it from an end market point of view by application, I think we're most bullish on the continued strength of pharma, and a little bit more conservative on the public spending, and on the industrial side. Although, I think, for TA Instruments that will be a strong half given their new product flow. Another way to look at our business is also looking at the instrumentation and the recurring revenue. We've had a very strong first half of 2016 on the recurring side, that segment of our business has historically been amenable to trending. So, envisioning that the recurring business will be at or slightly higher than the average growth rate I think is realistic. So, that's some color that I think might be helpful to you, Jon.
Eugene Gene Cassis: No, I – and Ross, you have lived through these cycles also, as you've covered the space. And as Chris mentioned, as we become less reliant on our top customers for a high percentage of our pharmaceutical sales, I think, there is a good argument to say that the cyclicality might not have quite as much of highs and lows to it. If I look at our recent performance, we've considerably expanded our pharmaceutical footprint in Asia with both China and India performing strongly and then within the U.S. and Europe, the shift to more generic manufacturers and more specialty pharma, also take away some of those big cyclical swings that we've seen with prior replacement cycles or with a big activity on the M&A front. So, I think, I'm just echoing pretty much what Chris mentioned, but hopefully that's helpful.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, yes, I mean if I take a look at where we are year-to-date, so for the first half, we are still seeing a little bit of a drag from FX. If you recall on the first quarter call, we had about an $0.08 headwind that we dealt with from FX, and in the second quarter, we made up $0.06, so net, we're still $0.02 headwind for the half. Now, I think that we could easily see that go to neutral or slightly positive as we move into the second half. I think one of the factors to consider is to look at currencies that are outside the majors. Obviously, we're benefiting from the stronger yen, but there are some secondary currencies that might provide us a little bit of headwind to do some offsetting and it's on that basis that we're thinking that for the full year, FX will be neutral to the top line and close to neutral, maybe a little bit positive on the EPS line. So frankly, this is the first year in many where you're able to see the true ability of the company to grow its top line and to get operational leverage without having to cut through all the noise that FX has historically provided us.
Eugene Gene Cassis: I think you said it well, Chris. I would just say that, as you begin to think about currency moves, our ability to sell high-end mass spectrometry into Japan at this time would be a positive for us because we'd be leveraging the strength of the yen and the weakness of the pound.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, there are some developing markets that tend to be lumpy, that showed some positive growth in the quarter. Bryan, I would just remind you that much of our academic business is centered on research mass spectrometry workflows. So the business tends to be a little bit lumpy, and it tends to be somewhat dependent on our new product launches. So we're very encouraged by what our pipeline looks like from some recently introduced research mass spectrometry programs. And hopefully when we're talking to you about the third and fourth quarters of this year, we can talk about some nice pickup of these research platforms in the public sector.
Eugene Gene Cassis: The thing that I would add to that is, I think, Chris did an excellent job in describing some of the product trends that we're seeing on the consumable side. But as you begin to look at the consumable growth and also look at the service growth, those two statistics are compatible with higher utilization rates of our instrumentation and also the increased number of – the increased installed base in some of our larger Asian markets where we have over a number of quarters exhibited strong double digit growth rates and these growth rates represent significant increases in the installed base, which in turn drive not only the consumables business as Chris noted, but also the service business.
Eugene Gene Cassis: That's a good question, Dan, and you know in recent quarters, we've noted that with the recurring revenue growth being so strong and with the linear type of ordering in sales patterns that you see for the recurring revenue. One of the effects there has been to take that hockey stick dynamic that we see with capital purchases that is at the end of a quarter and maybe make it less of a sharp curve. I think that the quarters where we tend to see more of the quarter end pick up are in the first quarter when people are waiting for budgets to be released and then in the fourth quarter when people are making sure that they use their calendar budget before the New Year starts. I can tell you that last year that fourth quarter hockey stick was just a little bit more tempered than it has been in prior years and another dynamic is just the increasing component of our business in Asia, where just historically, this sort of ordering and selling pattern was not as pronounced as it had been in Western Europe and North America.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, there – we did have a $0.06 benefit in the quarter for FX but we did assume that we would have a little bit of benefit. So that was the total. So, the guidance did make the assumption that we would not have the same currency dynamics as we had in the first quarter. So, as I begin to look at the second half of the year, and look at the total effects of currencies, not only the majors but also some of the secondary currencies, I think that envisioning that we can get someplace $0.05 to $0.07 during the second half of the year on FX. If everything stays relatively constant, in terms of the geographic and product distribution of our business, I think that's probably a ballpark estimate that's reasonable and assumed in the guidance that we provided.
Christopher James O'Connell: Great. Thank you, Gene. And with that, we'll now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone's questions, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions please contact our investor relations team after the call. And after the Q&A, I will add a few closing comments. Liz, first question please.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Government and academic market in the U.S. was a little bit weak, I would – not nearly as weak as the Japanese market, I'd call it a slight decline and that was actually a little bit stronger than in the first quarter. As we commented, Tim, last quarter in our conference call we've really been looking to the second half of the year for the government and academic markets to be more robust and at this point in time, we hold with that assumption.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Happy to address that, Isaac. The growth in pharma was pretty broad based and broad based in a few dimensions. First of all, when I look at it, I'm looking at small molecule, large molecule, bioanalysis. Those type of product segments if you will, we saw pretty reasonable growth. We saw a good balance geographically. We mentioned China, Japan, but obviously the U.S. and particularly Europe, which happens to be a pharma heavy market, was solid. Our workhorse products are as you know, utilized mostly in late stage development and in routine testing applications and methods in the QC phase and that's really seen by the strength of the recurring revenues, particularly the consumables obviously and also the service piece, and so from the standpoint of QA versus R&D I would say, we remained consistently solid in the QA area and that's been a strong line for some time and it feels to me like we're probably doing better in R&D. And a lot of that has to do with broad trends in the marketplace that we see in terms of the increasing diversity of the types of molecules that are in the pipeline, more utilization of mass spec detection in some of those development efforts, which, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, we hope flow through to bio QC type of workflows. So we're really trying to get as granular as we possibly can to understand all the different segments of the pharma market and make sure that we're positioned well in all of them.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. It's a good question, Isaac, and it's really a pretty core question as we look at our long-range planning, and maybe I'll stop short of saying too much because our – we're really right in the middle of lot of that work. But we are indeed, in our long-range planning, trying to break down some of these segments and ask the question what does it take to compete and what does it take to win in terms of the adoption of our technology in small molecule versus large molecule. And clearly, as you allude to, the biologics world is innovating at a pretty feverish pace, and some of our technologies, particularly some of our new integrated LC/MS workflows, appear to have some good traction and provide a nice opportunity to build a nice franchise in that area. And so obviously that's right in the heart of our core business, and it's going to be a strategic priority.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. No. Tycho, I guess what I was saying there is, as you know in previous quarters, at least the three prior quarters that I reported here, we saw probably a more stark difference between the smaller and specialty firms versus the traditional large customers, and I think we've always thought that's actually a strength, because it's a broadening portfolio of customers. We're not really reliant on the traditional large multinational type of big account customers as we may have been five or 10 years ago, and that's been a strength. That said, other sectors have been stronger than the top customers. But we have seen in recent months and in the quarter, the bigger customers really come back a little bit and get more into that mid-single-digit growth range that I saw. So we were actually very pleased to see that, and I think that reflects trends that I see as I go out into the market and talk with customers, and as you know I'm out and about a lot, and particularly as you get into some of the larger traditional pharma companies, what I see is greater diversities within their own portfolios, chemical entities as well as biologic entities. And so I think that's what's driving it.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah, it's a good question. I mean, TA has been pretty solid and really had a good quarter, and I think that's very much a reflection of I'd say two things. First of all is the new products, the DSC and then, beginning to the market to TGA, even though that hasn't launched yet. We also had an easier comparison in Q2 versus Q1 in TA Instruments, but TA has been a very solid franchise for us, and while it can be a little bit lumpy from time to time as a reflection of those types of end markets, over time, TA has provided very consistent growth and profitability and returns for the company. And I'm very excited about TA. I've spent quite a bit of time on the TA franchise in – was just again there a few weeks ago, or earlier last week. And this Discovery series thermal instrumentation platform is going to unfold over the next year and I think should provide us with some good growth opportunities. So, while TA was the headline, there were also some other sectors within our industrial end markets that were solid. I mentioned the food and environmental business, which is a very global business. In fact, more than half of that business is outside the United States. And some of the trends that we see in China and in other world markets on food continue to underscore the attractiveness of that end market for us.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure, sure, happy to comment a little on those things. Yeah, Europe was a really good quarter. As you know, Europe is pharma heavy, and we really saw a lot of strength in the recurring revenues there as well as solid instrument business, and so I think what we're seeing in Europe is just a reflection of what we're seeing more broadly on the pharma side. As we look at the back half of the year, I tend to take at a look at the entire first half and not one quarter in particular, and while we're, I would say, optimistic generally on the pharma market, the – we're more cautious on the industrial and academic markets in Europe in general. So, I'd say, we have a balanced outlook for the back half of the year in Europe that we're really keying off of the overall first half experience. As it relates to the UK, we're in a unique situation in England as well as in Europe broadly, with a big part of our mass spec footprint in the region, and by the way, don't forget that we also have significant operations in Ireland. So, we really have quite an opportunity to balance a number of considerations over time depending on how the exit plays out, depending on how currencies play out, depending on what trade barriers or trade agreements get struck, what type of tariffs ensue. Obviously, it's way too early to make any calls. We don't expect the government to invoke Article 50 for some time, probably into early to mid-2017. There is a lot of posturing right now. The new government is just forming in England or in the UK and not really showing its hand. We've done some work with some smart people who are beginning to conceptualize a couple of different possible scenarios. But really it's a stay calm and carry on message in our organization. We've really pushed our team to just remain focused on what we do well and what we can control. As you know, it's a good end market for us in the UK, less than 5%, but a good end market, that's pretty well balanced between pharma and academic at the top of the list. But we also have a meaningful amount of R&D in the UK and in Ireland, as well as product costs. So in the near-term, we're benefiting from some of the weaker currency. But again, it's a dynamic situation and I'm confident that no matter how it shakes out, we'll have avenues to continue to be successful in that region not just from a commercial standpoint, but also from an operational standpoint.
Christopher James O'Connell: Ross, I'm going to defer to Gene on this to compare it to future cycles, but I want to just continue to emphasize that this market is not static and is dynamic and is developing and I think is quite different just feels to me, I – from all the data I see quite different from the past. And, I think, an interesting hypothesis and question is, is there less cyclicality, if you will in the market now, because of the increased diversity both geographically of the customer base, the type of firms, as well as the type of molecules that are comprising the world's pharma pipeline. And so, that's what we're obviously continuing to dig deep on, but maybe Gene can draw a broader historical perspective on this.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. Stephen, just on the strategy process, maybe a couple of additional comments, and certainly, it's been a very energizing process for the team to build on where we are today, to start think about a framework for the future, and one thing I remind everybody internally is as well as I'll remind you externally is that, it's a process, it's an ongoing process of continuing to refine our focus on what makes us unique and different, and how we win in the markets that we choose to play in with the emphasis on choice. And, obviously the first question in any strategic plan needs to be a really granular characterization of what your core business is, and a plan to make sure we're maximizing our performance and our effectiveness in our core business. And then, obviously to look at things that we can uniquely offer to our other growth markets and gain scale in those markets. As it relates to the question of capital deployment and any as you said, binding constraints, I think it's probably premature to comment on that. The priority is growth, of course, growth in revenue and growth in profits. And, we're going to look at the overall growth equation and frankly try to balance some long-term financial objectives to balance growth profitability, the right investments. And, of course, return on invested capital. Return on invested capital is a big priority for me. As it relates to the role of M&A, I've been pretty clear before and I remain of the same mind that M&A is a tactic that we would employ only as a way to execute our business strategy. Our aim is to be primarily an organic innovator, and to not only retain but enhance our position as the industry's most vital organic innovator. We think that's the highest return on invested capital over time. And, over time, the company has, I think made smart acquisitions, but it's been not a regular part of the business formula. And so, I don't see deviating all that much, although I think as we look forward, we want to make sure we're taking advantage of all means to achieve the goals that I outlined. So, I think it's going to be a balanced and a pragmatic, and a disciplined and a responsible approach to capital allocation that is really all aimed at making us successful in our core business and very carefully building scale and other big opportunities that can grow over time.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure, it's a fair question, Sung Ji, and we do have a healthy replacement cycle. Obviously in our core routine methods, there is a natural replacement cycle. I wouldn't say there is anything out of ordinary right now in terms of where we're at. At the same time, we do look to expand our technology into new work flows earlier in the development process, and geographically as more companies get in the game, particularly in some of the emerging markets. So I think we're trying to achieve as balanced as possible an overall portfolio of where our instrument platforms are used and, as we said in the call, also try to be very innovative, and in and the example I used in the call, continuing to emphasize the use of mass detection as a supplement to traditional optical and UV detection in chromatography workflows. We think that has a lot of value to our customers, particularly in some of the more complex larger molecule and bio type of applications, and we look forward to that playing through into more and more routine methods all the way through QC over time. And so that tends to be our focus, and obviously balance our instrument business with a very sharp focus on our chemistry consumables and our service offering.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. No, that's a fair question. And I think, as Gene stated, now that we're in somewhat more of a neutral currency environment and you're seeing our top line work, you are seeing our desired model for operating leverage, which is first and foremost driven by volume and growth, but also consistent discipline around many levers if you will, up and down the P&L. In a broad sense, I would say, my goals are to continue to be a premier top line grower on this regard, maintain our price discipline, continue to look for mix opportunities, absorbing our cost with volume and also getting leverage out of our G&A, and ability to scale our sales and marketing efforts, while at the same time making sure we're investing enough and healthily in innovation. We've gradually ticked up our investment in R&D. And I would like to continue to do that as long as I'm convinced that we're getting high productivity out of R&D and spending a lot of time on portfolio management right now in that regard. And I am confident that we're getting good productivity out of our R&D. And so that's an area of investment that we feel we can pay for with a number of other levers over time. And to ideally achieve that optimal mix between growth and modest leverage while continuing to invest to grow. So that's the framework, that's the ideas and we'll put more specifics on that as we move forward.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. I mean, just maybe I'll start off and Gene can develop it. Right now, we have somewhere between a quarter and a third of our R&D expenses out of our UK facility, and about 15% of our COGS. And so, those are expenses that are obviously well ahead of our revenue concentration in those markets. And so obviously, while the UK is a good commercial market for us, it's really an even more important operational center.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Maybe just I'll start and Gene can add to it. I would say that the current performance is a lot more driven by the second thing you said, Amanda, in terms of kind of a gradual mix shift in our install base towards higher utilization platforms. As you know, our ACQUITY platform, our UPLC platform has a higher attach rate than our legacy HPLC systems; and so, as UPLC continues to gradually grow in its presence in the marketplace, that provides us with a nice opportunity on the consumable side. I think new products like the CORTECS are still quite early in their phase of adoption, and so there is not necessarily a big tailwind that we're getting from that in the immediate time. But obviously that type of innovation with solid-core technology and the efficiency gains in – across a number of different workflows is a really attractive offering to the market. And we expect to add to our competitive advantage. Obviously, we have a large portfolio of consumables in chromatography and as you allude to, an increasing presence and interest in kits, like the glycan kits I referred to earlier, like ProteinWorks and some other specialty applications, where we think we can do even more. So, we really like this part of the business, we think we're competitively differentiated on the chemistry side with a significant chemistry expertise at our core. And we're only continuing to increase the emphasis of those development efforts.
Christopher James O'Connell: I think, Steve, that's a fair question, just as it relates to overall capital allocation, and we'll take your compliment that we are generating a lot of very strong free cash flow right now. Obviously, one of the challenges we have is where that cash is located relative to the ability to use it for kind of U.S. purposes, like share repurchase. I think we have a very well-established share repurchase program. We return a significant portion of that free cash flow to shareholders. I think at the – at a leading level in the industry, and so, really for the foreseeable future we expect to continue that practice and obviously, any adaptation to that over time would be carefully thought through and discussed. So, the question of capital allocation is a fair question. It goes part and parcel with our strategic outlook, and as we get further down the line, we'll put more specifics on all that. But thanks for the question, appreciate it and look forward to the continuing dialogue.
Christopher James O'Connell: So, with that, maybe, Liz, thanks and I'll move to some closing comments to close the call. So really to conclude, as we move into the second half of the year, and begin to broaden our focus to 2017 and beyond, we are encouraged as we commented today by our first half performance. We're encouraged by the condition of our key end markets as well as by the strength of our product positions. All that said, we do live in a dynamic world and will continue to balance our optimism with a business plan that can adapt unforeseen changes in market conditions, so that we can continue to deliver reliable financial results. So on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3 2016 call, which we currently anticipate holding on October 25, 2016. Thank you very much, and have a great day.
