Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. So to summarize, despite a macro environment that has progressively weakened this year, we have continued to deliver a solid performance through our execution. We are also driving strong outcomes in our margin and earnings performance and are maintaining our full year gross margin and adjusted operating margin guidance, despite incremental headwinds from volume and FX. We have strengthened our product portfolio even further through innovation while continuing to make strong progress with our acquisition of Wyatt. Later this month, we look forward to issuing our 2023 ESG report, which is a transparent way to show our active progress each year on our commitment to leave the world better than we found it. Some key highlights to expect, relate to our continued reduction of emissions, increased renewable energy use, increase of female representation in management roles, as well as the TCFD related environmental disclosures we are initiating in this year’s report. So with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Udit Batra: So, Vijay, thank you, and good morning. Look, I’ll give you some summary comments and Amol will talk to you about the ramp from Q3 to Q4 if I understand your question correct. When we look at the exit rates and ramp into from Q3 to Q4, we of course look at the performance as we exit Q3. This includes detailed analytics on funnel velocities across the different customer segments, includes what we’ve seen over the last 15 years as we go from Q3 to Q4, and look at that statistically. And of course, a lot of conversations with our customers and we continue to see strength relatively speaking versus our peer group in pharma, especially outside of China. And I’ll let Amol comment a little bit on the sequential ramp up.
Udit Batra: So, Vijay, I’ll comment on China and just, I mean, before we get into any details, I mean, we will only comment on 2024 when we talk about next year, when we talk about Q4 earnings, right. And that’s generally been our policy. As you know, a lot has to evolve from now until the end of the year, especially in our business. So we will not comment on 2024. But on China in particular, look, the quarter – in the quarter, the business declined about 30% – in excess of 30% with pharma declining in line with what we had seen at the beginning of the year, right, with CDMOs sort of flushing out over capacity and responding to geopolitical tensions. We think that’s towards the tail end of its development. We saw biotech come under pressure. We think that’s also at the tail end of its pressure just given that high quality molecules are being funded also in China. And then the third piece was in pharma, the Branded Generic segment, which is roughly 50% of our sales in the Pharma segment in China. And this one here, there was an additional pressure that we learned about, which is the anti-corruption campaign that the Chinese government issued. So while our customers are used to value – responding to value-based pricing cuts this was a new headwind. So that is still in progress. So in all pharma, two out of three vectors are starting to subside. The third one is new over the quarter. And this is something that I learned over the last couple of months when I visited China. When switching over to other segments, look the Industrial segment, we see great growth in batteries in China, but that was not enough to offset the macro sensitive Food and Environmental segments, which dropped further in this quarter. And then finally, the Academic and Government segment, as Amol commented in the prepared remarks, we’re seeing the tail end of the benefit from the stimulus from last year and that will sort of come out of the numbers now. Now, if you put it all together and put it in perspective, we started the year with about 19%, 20% of Waters’ sales coming from China. With our current guide, we expect that to be about 12% to 13% of our overall sales. So while we remain super optimistic about what we expect in China in the future and it has become a much smaller proportion of our business than at the beginning of the – then at the beginning of the year.
Udit Batra: So let’s start with recurring and then I comment on instruments. So recurring revenue came in mid-single digits this quarter around 4%. Chemistry, low single digits at 1%, service 5%. This is globally. Now, if you strip China out recurring revenues are, again, high single digits, close to seven plus percent with chemistry in the high single digit range, service in the mid-single digit range. So really healthy growth outside of China. And then China really impacted the chemistry piece, just given the less activity that we saw with our branded generics customers. And then if I switch to Instruments. Instruments were dropped low teens globally right and similar drops across LC, mass spec and TA, so minus 14%, minus 12% something like this across the whole portfolio. But again if you strip out China which saw significant declines. And here I want to take it each in turn right. LC as we saw in the last quarter, low single digit growth outside of China. This quarter it was flat, right. So really hovering around I would say flattish growth for the last two quarters. Just as we had talked about a few quarters ago when we saw mid-teens decline in LC and customers will have to replace their fleets and we’re starting to see that happen with some large pharma customers. So you see LC is sort of hovering around flattish to low-single digit growth. Mass spec ex-China came in at about 10% decline. Now, I will remind you that same time last quarter mass spec grew almost 40%, almost 40%. Super excited about what we’ve seen with the mass spec portfolio and its adoption in virtually every account that we go and compete with the Xevo TQ Absolute we win, if you go with our bio portfolio now, especially with BioAccord, Xevo TQ, Xevo G3 QTof, we see significant seeding and adoption there. So mass spec has gone from strength to strength and we see that continuing. And TA again also declined high-single digits but again on a comp of about 20%. So if you again go back to mass spec, if you look at two-year, four-year CAGRs I mean we are well into the high-teens with mass spec growth. So quite excited about what we’ve seen with instruments and if you just again cast your eye to the longer-term trends, instruments grow roughly 5%, have grown over 5% over a long-term and we are seeing as we go forward about 100 basis points of higher pricing. We see increased prescription rates with new molecules coming through and our new product portfolio driving adoption across new segments like PFAS so excited about what we are seeing, what we’re – the execution we’re seeing with instruments across the Board and what we expect in the future to be better growth than what we’ve seen also in the past.
Udit Batra: And I think, just to conclude on this, Matt, look, pricing is dependent upon, as Amol said, good execution, good systems, good processes, but it’s equally dependent on a differentiated portfolio. We’ve renewed our full portfolio across instruments and it’s got very high receptivity from customers. So customers are responding to good innovation across instruments. But also on the column side where the stick rates are tremendous, right? I mean, with the MaxPeak Premier, with new columns introduced for AAV applications, I mean, we are highly differentiated amongst the peer groups. So we do expect pricing to stick at reasonably high levels.
Udit Batra: Good one, Matt. Look, I mean, Industrial came in below our expectations for the quarter in China and that drove the weakness across the globe. And you’re right to divide it into two parts. I mean, there are the resilient segments like PFAS testing as well as batteries especially in China, where we’re seeing very good uptake. The challenge is the more macro dependent segments like materials, like food, which are also funded by the government were impacted by the slowdown of the economy. And as you look ahead, I would simply model those in proportion to the economic recovery that we would expect in China. And that’s how we’re looking at it. Now, outside of China, of course, I mean, you didn’t ask this, but outside of China, again, we saw a bit of a slowdown against very, very strong comps, right? On a long-term basis outside of China, we’re seeing mid to high-single digit growth in Industrial. I mean, you should expect a mid-single digit growth for the long-term in Industrial. But in China, for sure, there was additional weakness largely related to the macro sensitive segments like materials and food and the like.
Udit Batra: And Derik, just to conclude, sort of rather qualitatively, I mean this is in the DNA of Waters, right? I mean, we are one of the highest margin companies in the peer group. And back when I joined three years ago, people said, you can’t expand your margins. You’re maxed out. I mean, quarter-on-quarter, we continue to focus on, as Amol mentioned, really careful cost management, pricing and difficult actions when we need to take them. And the exit for the full year is around 30.5, which is 30 basis points of margin expansion, despite the fact that volume went against what we had assumed. And FX was also a headwind, right? So I mean I’m extremely grateful to all my colleagues for putting their heads down and being super responsible with costs when the volume didn’t come and we had to respond rather rapidly, right? So I wanted to make that point.
Udit Batra: And then Rachel, just one last comment on Q3 and the ramp to Q4. I mean, the trends we are seeing in Q3, what gives us confidence, especially in pharma and with mass spec, with LC, that they’ll persist is we saw exactly the same thing in Q2. And I think we probably had the same discussion, why are we seeing better performance in pharma than the peer group? Why are we seeing LCs sort of flatten out? It’s the same reasoning and we’re seeing the same customer feedback. So I think it’s reasonable to project that into Q4.
Udit Batra: Thanks for the question, Eve. I’ll start with the Wyatt question. Look, I mean, we’re very pleased with the way the integration is going. I mean, that should be the general takeaway and you can see that in the facts, right, basically a 4% contribution this quarter and 2.5% for the year. So we think we are going to deliver that. And when you look at the drivers, the integration is growing faster than we had initially even imagined. There are exactly the same headwinds. The funnel velocities are longer. It is taking more time for customers to place orders. But number one, given the larger commercial field force that Waters had, we were able to use that to generate a lot more leads for our light scattering instruments from Wyatt, which are highly differentiated in the market. So as we got more leads, we got more conversions and the funnels moving nicely through. Second, we’ve spent a lot of time in making it easier for customers to connect Waters as LCs to multi-angle light scattering instruments from Wyatt, and that’s well ahead of target. And third, we had talked earlier when we talked about the synergy contributions, we had talked about columns from Waters being substituted for other competitors columns and that’s gone extremely well. So every light scattering equipment that is sold now is sold with a Waters SEC column, which are the best-in-class. So integration going very well, but the largest driver, I would say, of short-term results and overcoming the obvious headwinds is the larger number of leads that are Waters account managers have provided the Wyatt specialists. And as you look ahead, I mean, really optimistic about what we are seeing with the collaboration across the two organizations. Our Wyatt colleagues were present at the Innovation Summit recently, which basically invites over 300 or so R&D scientists around the globe for a hybrid session. We had many posters from Wyatt colleagues looking at collaborations across the organization. So I’m extremely pleased with where things are going. And we recently launched the ZetaStar, which combines three light scattering technologies into one. So Wyatt’s going extremely well, and thank you for the opportunity to expound on that. Now, on the high growth adjacencies, the 30.5% operating margin that we are committing to for the full year includes the 70 to 80 basis points that we had said that we would invest, we had started to invest that early in the year. We are seeing very nice outcomes of that, especially in our clinical business where the team has developed many, many assays, simplified workflows for difficult to do experiments with LCMS and making it a much more easier experiment for customers who want to use LCMS in specialty diagnostics areas like for Alzheimer’s testing – like for testing antibodies for Alzheimer’s as just a case in point. So the high growth adjacencies are delivering. Now we will look at the net picture as we look at the full year and how it lands and we will talk about how we’re going to invest and continue to invest in the high growth adjacencies as we give guidance at the beginning of next year.
Udit Batra: Yes. So service attachment rates – So Catherine, thank you for the question. Service attachment rates are well ahead of target. You’ll remember that we committed to 100 basis points of increase in attachment rates. We’re well ahead of that. So we’ll likely exit the year with 200 basis points of increase in service attachment rates. And you would see that in the growth that is being seen, especially outside of China for service, which is basically high single digit growth for year-to-date and the balance of the year. So service is going quite well. On e-commerce as well, we’ve gone from about 20%, 25% of products going through e-commerce to well in excess of 30%, closer to 35% now that the team is highly focused on that. I mean, as you can imagine, given the slowdown in the overall market, our Chemistry portfolio has still done pretty well and the Chemistry portfolio is benefiting from additional products going through e-commerce. So Chemistry is currently growing high single digits and benefiting from the additional focus on e-commerce.
Udit Batra: Thank you for joining us today and for your continued support and interest in Waters. A replay of this call will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. This concludes our call, and we look forward to seeing you at future events and conferences.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Hey, Vijay. Good morning. Look, Vijay, I mean, on the Q3 to Q4 ramp, if you look at our last five years, we averaged roughly a 24% ramp from Q3 to Q4. And where our guide is roughly 13% to 17% ramp from Q3 to Q4. So clearly it’s fairly muted compared to historical levels. Also, if you look at last 15 years, there’ve been just a couple of years in those years, which have come in towards the bottom end of our guide. So that’s why, we feel, generally we’ve muted the ramp from Q3 to Q4. Also, Q3 baseline, which is in this ramp, reflects sort of the slower approval cycles that have been playing out throughout the year. And there’s about one extra day in Q4 this year versus the previous year. And then the last piece is, I mean, it’s based on the fact that yes, there is pain in China at this point. But then when we look at pharma in the U.S., in Europe, in Japan, in India, especially mid to large pharma, our teams are doing a great job there and driving decent outcomes.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Just to sort of touch on your other question. Look, I mean, pharma overall declined low single digits for us in Q3. And then for Q4, what is embedded in the guide is sort of a mid-single digit decline. Obviously that includes China. When you strip China out for the rest of the markets, the rest of the markets grew a little under mid-single digits in Q3. And then in Q4, we are expecting them to still grow, but not at the same level in Q3, a little bit less than what they grew in Q3.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, Matt, good morning, and thanks for your question. Look, I mean, ever since we went through the inflationary cycle last year, that gave us opportunity to put good systems and processes around pricing. And if you look at Waters’ history, traditionally we’ve done 50 basis points to 75 basis points. And last year was very different. And our teams have continued to execute on that sort of system and process pathway. So we started the year with about little over 200 basis points and it’s only got stronger as we came into Q3 with little over 250 basis points. And then we expect something similar in Q4, which then for the full year, we will be little over 250 basis points. And that’s sort of driving a third of our operating margin expansion for the quarter.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, Derik, thanks for your question. I mean as we had discussed in our last earnings call, right, where we had to make some tough but necessary decisions to reduce our workforce by about 5%. And we did that at the beginning of Q3, and that resulted in approximately $10 million of savings in Q3 that is in our Q3 results. We expect for 2023, roughly $20 million. So another $10 million in Q4. And the annualized impact, which will play out next year would be about $40 million. Again, we may invest some of it to fund some of the high growth adjacencies, but before that annualized, its $40 million. And we incurred about $27 million associated with severance expenses for this restructuring, which is in our GAAP to non-GAAP adjustment. Now, keep in mind, in Q3, the way it sort of played out is we had lower volume on our organic business, so we lost some volume leverage. And so, essentially, the reduction in AIP plus the accretion for Wyatt more or less offsetted the lack of volume leverage from the underlying business. And then the three factors which are pricing, these cost actions that I just talked about, and then the underlying productivity initiatives playing out on freight and procurement and the capability center, they each contributed roughly a third of the 380 basis points.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean, look, if you sort of see how the year has played out, we did see funnel velocity slow down across all the trade classes, especially pharma in Q1. And then as we’ve gone through Q2 and Q3, the funnel velocity has sort of stayed where it is at a higher level. So it’s taking more time for people to approve these orders. And we expect that to continue through Q4. What we haven’t seen in pharma, which is good, is we haven’t seen projects getting canceled. And so opportunities are landing, they’re just taking more time to land. And in terms of sort of sales versus orders, I mean, they’re going hand in hand. It’s not that we are meaningfully drawing down backlog in any quarter or the whole. The one place where the trajectory has changed somewhat is in the industrial trade class. And this is all outside of China I’m talking about. And there, while the funnel velocity had progressively slowed in Q1 and Q2, we hadn’t seen any opportunities getting canceled. And what we are seeing in Q3 is and again, don’t confuse this with orders. No customers are canceling orders. But when the opportunity is in the CRM system, from lead gen to conversion, we are seeing elevated levels of projects getting canceled for lack of funding or funding not available in the current year, particularly in testing labs. And that we saw sort of emerge in Q3. And then China, I mean, we’ve sort of covered that before, which is a different story, much more painful. That started in Q1 with tier 1 CDMOs and then sort of progressively went into tier 2, tier 3 CDMOs and biotechs with investor funding and then played out in branded generics with VBP and anticorruption drives, which haven’t bottomed yet and then has spilled over into the industrial and A&G, especially as the stimulus money is done for A&G.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean, look, if you look at how we’ve performed in adversity, like last year, there was tremendous inflationary pressure and dollar kept becoming stronger and stronger, right. And despite all of that, our teams rallied to find pricing gains and productivity gains and sort of land a margin equal or better than the prior year. And then this year, again, we’ve sort of gone through demand challenges and then also further strengthening of U.S. dollar. And despite that, we found ways to defend margin through pricing, through productivity, through cost alignment. So we really feel good about how our teams have responded in these situations. Now, as you look at 2024, I mean, as Udit outlined, right, it’s a little early because we want to see how the next two months play out. They are a big part of our year. We are also just rolling up our bottoms up AOP, and we want to sort of review that before we sort of talk about 2024. So like we always do at our Q4 earnings call, we will provide more details and guidance for 2024.
