Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Thanks, Tycho. Yeah, let me just maybe put a little more color on the comment we made on pharma. We did get off to a slower start in the U.S. in pharma, and part of that reflects a very strong comparable from a year before. If you recall last year, U.S. pharma grew somewhere in the mid-teens. And so, when you normalize more of a stacked comp look, it didn't seem as severe, but we did notice relative sluggishness in budgets opening up in particularly large pharma companies in the U.S. And that did improve over the course of the quarter. And as I noted, as we look in the first few weeks of the second quarter that recovery pattern has continued. Of course, all that's in context of a very strong pharma result worldwide, where we grew our pharma business 9%. And I think that just reflects the global nature of the business. We're less and less dependent on the U.S. We're more and more benefiting from some of the broader global trends. And even looking at Europe with very strong pharmaceutical performance, a lot of times, business does tradeoff between the U.S. and Europe for some of the global companies. So, it's hard to completely map all of that out. But we do put that U.S. pharma result in the right context, both as a comparison as well as to what's going on more broadly in the global picture. Industrial is the second part of your question. And I would say the pattern was probably a little more stable in industrial overall. We had a great industrial quarter, as we pointed out with 9% growth worldwide. Again, that was led by Asia and Europe overall with sort of reasonable expectations in most geographies looking forward and this has been a big thing we've keyed on over the course of last year to see when this cyclical recovery may be occurring and it did definitely feel better across the board in Q1 than at many times over the prior year. But obviously, we're continuing to watch that closely.
Christopher James O'Connell: I think our experience in academic, and we've been through this a couple of quarters now in a row in this discussion, is exactly what we've said. It's a small business. It's in the low teens percentage of overall revenue. It's lumpy by its nature. It's not just lumpy overall, but it's lumpy geographically. We, for example, the U.S. government and academic business was actually very reasonable, and some of the softness was in Europe this quarter as I pointed out certainly overcome by very strong pharma and industrial demand in Europe. And so, it does move around quite a bit. We've not changed any of our models or expectations for that business on any rolling period. So, quarter-to-quarter variability in government and academic just doesn't surprise us one bit. We definitely look to long-term trends in that area.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. Thanks, Dan. As I alluded to, the stronger part of the industrial was in the international markets, and in Asia and in Europe, in particular, was better than the U.S., although we're certainly seeing green shoots in most markets around the world. Clearly, the industrial business is made up of a couple of important components that we watch carefully. The food business, in particular, is one that we highlighted at Investor Day where we're seeing great stability of that business really all over the world. And then, we're seeing better performance in really more the materials side, as well as the industrial polymer side that crosses over both the TA and the Waters franchises.
Christopher James O'Connell: Thanks, Dan. That's a good question, and thanks for pointing out Discovery because that is a multiproduct family that is still very much coming to market. I noted the new combination, DSC/TGA product that we launched, really, this quarter at Pittcon, so that's obviously very new. The first two launches last year are beginning to contribute. The nature of new product launches in this field, of course, is that they do take time to get traction. So, no, I don't think actually we've seen the full benefit of the Discovery launch. Certainly, TA was a solid performance in Q1 and is benefiting from that technology. And as we've said in the past, we're looking for a recovery in the industrial markets and hopeful that our strong product position puts us in a good place to take advantage of that growth. And that's – I think we saw signs of that in Q1, and I think we still have a ways to go on that.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. So, thanks, Doug. Good morning. I guess the one clarification I want to make on U.S. pharma is that the place we saw the most pressure, as I noted, was in small molecule. We actually grew in the biologic category, and we're really seeing a lot of good signs in that market. We, as you know, at our Investor Day, pointed out our enthusiasm for the large molecule opportunity increasing. For example, the increasing uptick of LC-MS technology in regulated methods, not just in research methods. And so, some of those underlying trends are favorable and, like you suggest, provide puts and takes. It's very hard for me to say whether the uncertainty in the U.S. kind of political realm, if you will, is affecting markets. I mean, clearly, a lot of our major customers in both the pharmaceutical category and the industrial category, are paying close attention to evolving policy directions on tax and trade and healthcare and a variety of factors, and we do try to stay well attuned to that. And it wouldn't surprise me if there is some hesitation in the U.S. right now generally, but again, it's our job to manage through that and we obviously, had great strength in Asia and Europe to offset that dynamic in the U.S. But nothing has really changed about our fundamental outlook for the U.S. and a lot of the things that we expect over the course of the year to develop in terms of our business we think are still very much there. So, first quarter, as you know, is a small quarter. It tends to move around in terms of the assumptions we make going into the year, but we do expect greater balance and stability as we get through the year.
Christopher James O'Connell: I don't want to get too specific. Industrial was a little bit softer in the U.S. than it was in other parts of the world. And government and academic was actually reasonable in the U.S. So, it's a little bit of a mixed picture there.
Christopher James O'Connell: No. We had a good food quarter. Food has been a very consistent contributor. The applied markets there continue to be buoyed by some of the factors we talked about in depth at our investor conference in terms of rising regulation particularly in Asia, increasing consumer demand for quality and purity in food supply and, frankly, an up-tiering of technology in a lot of those methods particularly in the research labs. We definitely had strength across the core LC-MS workflows, particularly given our strong product position in the Xevo tandem quad. You'll recall last year, we launched the Xevo TQ-XS, and that complements the TQD and the TQ-S micro as probably the industry's strongest offering in that core tandem quad category for the applied workflows. And I think that's put us in a great position in food, and we've seen consistently strong performance there including this quarter.
Christopher James O'Connell: It's a really good question. I think first of all, we've seen consistent demand in large molecule testing. And as I alluded to earlier, that core LC-MS product position that we have and the increasing adoption of LC-MS methods in the regulated testing in the development and even getting now into QA/QC is a trend that I think belies some of the uncertain factors that you described. The diversity of innovation in the biopharm sector, I think, supports this. It's not just the small sort of capital-dependent companies that are doing this work. Really, a large segment of the innovator drug approach overall in companies large and small and through all the contract players and other new models emerging are all providing for a fairly broad, really, company set doing this work that probably provides more sustainability than, maybe, we would've thought in the past. So anyway, we watch it carefully. It's an important market. And while the smaller companies can be lumpier, there's a lot more market participation right now.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. So, it's a good question, and we think we're right in the heart of that opportunity. And we talked about this quite a bit in the past, where the 13th Five Year Plan of China, which is now more transparent and understandable by many, is clearly driving increasing requirements for data security and regulated methods. Obviously, there's a large process going on in China right now with the large population and increasing patient access to medications and a desire on the part of the Chinese government to have local Chinese companies supply the bulk of that business and, furthermore, look to the future where they can become multinationals in their own right. And so, from a technology standpoint, yes, there is a lot of instrumentation being sold but, really, at the heart of what's happening is the Empower Networks that we're selling. We've long offered Empower software in local language within China, and we've got a team in China that has decades in experience with this particular software and the backbone for our overall infrastructure. In fact, I was just over in China a few weeks ago reviewing this exact question with the team directly and with key influencers in the market. I think we – it's hard to predict what cycles look like or how long various investment periods last. But as that market gets bigger, it's our hope that this becomes a pretty robust and sustainable market opportunity. And obviously, following the – the period of time during which big installations go in for instrumentation in software, you have follow-on opportunities in the recurring revenues of chemistry and service that we have a long way to go to develop.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. I mean, like we've talked about in the past, some of our applied technologies, if you will, like the chemistries and the service and the informatics carry very favorable financial characteristics in terms of growth in margin relative to our overall portfolio. And as we pointed out at our investor day, 60% of our revenue is accounted for by service and chemistry and informatics and that's a nice foundation for us to build on in terms of our unique P&L structure.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. Thanks, Isaac. And, again, like I said earlier, this is a smaller market and tends to be highly variable, and that's true overall but also by geography. As I alluded to, U.S. was actually a modest positive in the quarter where Europe was more of a decline, of course, offset by all the great pharmaceutical and industrial business. The emerging markets business is, again, relatively small in proportion, and that's a little bit of a mixed picture. It's very, very small in say, in India and in China. We've seen good performance out of that on a reasonably consistent basis. So, again, we don't want to cut it too finely just because I think we could maybe draw the wrong conclusions because things tend to bounce back and forth quarter-to-quarter. What I tend to look at on that government and academic business is what does the rolling trend look like. And I think if I look back at the rolling 12 months and what lies ahead, it does tend to smooth out over time. But for the full year, we definitely see opportunities based on our new product launches and look for more balance over that type of time period.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. Sure. I always see opportunity in attach rates. As you know, in HPLC, it's lower than it is in UPLC where our attach rates are 2X or more in UPLC, and that certainly relates to the high-performance nature of those chemistries and the more integrated workflows there where it's a little more plug and play in HPLC. And certainly, to the extent there's disruption in the market with competitors going through various changes, that presents us opportunity. And so, we think our strength is our total package that we offer our customers, the consistency and reliability, and interoperability of our different system components. And we'll continue to key off of that. And we always do set objectives to try to improve those rates. So at this point, we're just continuing to push the performance benefits of our chemistries and think we have competitive advantage in this area.
Christopher James O'Connell: The CDMO question is interesting. I don't really have the data to tell you whether specifically that customer category was where that fit in the spectrum. I don't want to get into that level of detail here, but clearly the CDMO is a rising trend on both the R&D side but also on the manufacturing side, and our sales for that segment have been pretty robust through various cycles. It's still a smaller portion of our business but a rising portion. CDMOs are way behind where CROs are in terms of the amount of outsourcing activity that they enjoy. But we see that continuing to rise as the larger pharma companies are increasingly looking at their models for flexibility. So, that's been a good segment for us. It was good in the quarter, but I don't want to put too fine a point on it.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. We don't really comment on orders between orders and sales. And we have a relatively good visibility into our pipeline through our bidding process and our order indications in our orders and so forth, and have confidence that our order picture is shaping up to support what we're trying to achieve on the sales side. So, I don't – I'd rather not give out order numbers other than to say that we had a good quarter of orders as well just like we had for sales.
Christopher James O'Connell: Thanks for the question. Yeah. In the end markets, again, as I sort of alluded to in the script, we generally assume over a long-term outlook like over the course of the year that some of the quarter-to-quarter variability factors that you see in any given quarter just like you did in Q1, tend to smooth out. And so, we do probably expect even more balance over the course of the year. But really, the kind of strong poles in the tent that we will continue to rely on for our overall performance appear to be reasonably stable versus what we've been experiencing in terms of strong pharma, better industrial. Obviously, Asia leading the way with increasing balance in the developed markets and with a relatively conservative outlook for government and academic. And don't forget, in all that modeling, the stability of our recurring revenues that were, as Sherry pointed out, a little bit affected in the first quarter with the days, but certainly remain an important part of our overall growth story and give us that reliability.
Christopher James O'Connell: That's a good question. Broadly, the portfolio is, obviously, pharma is our number business over there. But one of the differences in China is that our food business is actually our number two business in China. The food testing environment in China is really one of the sort of hot areas of focus globally. And some of the more innovative methods and more exacting methods of food testing really brought on by some of the challenges that China has had in the past are good opportunities and only growing bigger. In terms of how pharma is different, I guess I would point out a couple of interesting things about the pharma market from my standpoint in China. Number one is, there's a – it's a very large domestic market really geared towards generics as you might imagine as patient access to medications grows, but a market that's trying to emulate the regulatory standards of other markets. So, if you look at the Chinese pharmacopoeia, they're really reading right on the U.S. and other developed market pharmacopoeias for their method development. Another difference in China is that there is a large and growing opportunity in traditional Chinese medicines. The Chinese consumer spends just as much money on traditional Chinese medicines as they spend on regular pharmaceutical drugs and, yet, the testing requirements have a long way to go to catch up. And there is a concerted effort on the part of the government and the Chinese pharmacopoeia to introduce more and more regulated methods for quality and purity and even health benefit of traditional Chinese medicines. And so, there are definitely some differences there and, of course, there is an innovator segment as well. There's a lot of companies that are starting out in China that have more global ambitions to compete on a worldwide basis on innovative drugs. So, it's a pretty diverse opportunity there, really.
Christopher James O'Connell: Maybe we have time for a few more questions, maybe two or three questions. Try and go quickly here at the end.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. Thanks, Tim. I don't want to say too much than I said earlier other than to reinforce that our order trends are a positive. We have watched order trends carefully in Q1 and we want to get a jumpstart on the year from a backlog perspective, and we were able to achieve our goals from the standpoint of our order book. And it's not an order book that we can look out with great certainty, say, two or three quarters out but all of the indications early in the year are that the order book is a positive relative to what we're trying to achieve.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah. Thanks, Derik. And just real quickly on Japan. As I said in the script, we had a very tough comparison year-over-year. One thing's interesting about Japan – and I actually just got back from Japan as well. Japan, a lot of the government purchasing, their final quarter is actually our first quarter. So, Q1 in Japan feels more like a Q4. And we had a huge comparison from a year ago, so we actually planned that type of a decline in the business, and the business met our expectations of what they delivered. And we're comfortable with the full year that we have shaping up for Japan. As you know, it's a very established mature business, very high rate of recurring revenue. We've got a very strong proven organization over there. And so, while it was not a grower in the quarter, it was about what we expected. As it relates to CROs, they're a relatively small component of our spend. But certainly in the bioanalysis area, we are seeing positive trends from what I talked about earlier, which is the strength in our Tandem Quad portfolio; really seeing some encouraging wins in that segment now that we have the Xevo TQ-XS to complement to TQD and TQ-S micro. So, we like our product position there, and even though it's a small segment, we're encouraged by our performance.
Christopher James O'Connell: So, thanks for the question. And I know we're coming up on time, so I want to thank everybody for the great questions, as always. And just to conclude, we are encouraged by our start to 2017, which is really headlined by our ability to deliver strong, organic top-line growth, some operating leverage and double-digit earnings per share growth. So, as we move into the mid part of 2017, we remain focused on delivering strong results and feel that market conditions and our strong competitive positions support continuing success. So, on behalf of the entire management team at Waters, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q2 call, which we currently anticipate holding on July 25, 2017. Thank you, all, very much and have a great day.
Sherry L. Buck: Yeah. So, I'd say our guide range as we walk through that when we guided at the beginning of the year, we talked about mid-single digits growth. And I would say, with the performance we saw in the first quarter with our strong performance in both pharma and industrial, that's giving us a lot more confidence in the full year. And so, we're talking about a strong mid-single digits. And I'd say that's part of the flow through and the bridge for the earnings per share guidance.
Sherry L. Buck: Sure. I think your question was around the operating expenses in the quarter. And our operating expenses overall in the quarter were in line with our plan. And on a constant currency basis, they grew about 6% versus last year. And our plans for the full year are to monitor our expenses such that they grow at a rate less than our top line. And when you look at the FX impact in the operating expenses, it had a favorable impact, as you can see.
Sherry L. Buck: We had expected it to be favorable but declining throughout the quarter, as we see the currency particularly in the pound kind of turn based upon last year's FX rates.
Sherry L. Buck: Yeah. So, thanks for that question. So, from the cash flow question, there weren't any unusual timing items. I'd say it's really an impact of our strong results for the quarter, the top line and the earnings that we have there. I'd say on the CapEx question, we are through most of all the big facility expansion that we had here at our Milford headquarters and I'd say we should look at kind of just normalization rates when you back that out on our full year.
Sherry L. Buck: Yeah. I'll take the first one on the tax rate. So, yes, I think your comment of barring anything coming out of Washington, we would expect that kind of a tax rate, that – before the stock option, it was about 14%. With the stock option expense rules and benefiting us, about 15% this year, I think that 12% is a good rate for this year and for 2018 barring any changes from the government.
