Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you, well good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter 2015 conference call. With me on today's call is Gene Cassis, the Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal custom I will start with an overview of the business then Gene will follow with details of our financial results and an outlook for our business in the second quarter and for the full year 2015. But before we start, I’d like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure John. I think there are couple of basic things, that probably are not what you are getting at but let me reiterate we're clearly seeing a recovery in Asian markets that depressed sales growth in the '13 and early '14 period and now pretty clearly we're seeing a recovery in the India generics markets and this marks the second quarter of improving conditions in China and for the most part we think those are sustainable going forward. So clearly so as some depression of that prior year's I think we're in a benevolent cycle at this point. If you talk more about the applications we serve and the condition of the markets, there are couple of areas, certainly the heath science initiative and all that it promises from research into biomarkers to research into the phenomics dynamics and how it affects health, we're seeing a significant amount of investment that we're intimately involved in, in the early stages of that that we think have a lot of legs in terms of the investment cycle but also can lead down the road into the whole personal medicine and diagnostic space that being on the ground floor or helping develop those discoveries will lead us further down the path into the downstream diagnostic opportunities that is part and parcel of the foundation of the whole health science initiative. So we have a very strong quarter in that whole health science area, so it's already showing promise. You'll hear us talk more and more about our emerging technologies that Gene pointed to and the investments that we're making in REIMS technology in the iKnife that get us further down that healthcare path, closer to actually treating some of these disease states in the future in essence broadening our ability to service customers somewhat outside of our traditional analytical laboratory, so and you're certainly seeing the science of actual progress with biosimilars and biogenerics, we're certainly seeing a great deal of interest in our new glycol-protein products that we've just talked about. It clearly is emerging appreciation of the importance of characterizing these molecules and rarely have we seen the kind of initial interest in a new product as we have seen with this GlycoWorks application that we've recently introduced. So, those are a number of the areas that evidence the enthusiasm that we're talking about now.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well in terms of pricing we don’t anticipate any radical change, and certainly we balance pricing regularly, and we certainly look at pricing when we introduce a new product to try to make sure that we stay and sink across all geographic regions, but we present as a local company and all of the areas of the world that we do business, and so when currencies move against us in this phase we've got to find ways to stick with it and prove our business; and when they move for us as they clearly do in cycles, we don’t radically change our pricing in those local markets, so that's been our practice over a 40 year period and it's not likely the change. In terms of the transition in leadership, you can clearly assume that we're being very careful, methodical and examining carefully how we execute this transition. I continues to be optimistic that we'll do it around the timing that I have talked about I'll always said that this timing was a guideline wasn't meant to be a rigid hurdle rate that I'm not going anywhere come August 1 or August 15th, whatever that two year deadline is, and in almost any circumstance you are likely here my voice for a while post August. At this point it's certainly possible that we'll have something done by August but I wouldn't bet ranch on, it may stretch longer than that. I continue to say, we have high quality candidates but until we're ready to actually sign on the bottom line continue to say watch this space for further notice.
Douglas Berthiaume: Tycho I think partly it's an unfortunate characterization when people say pharma, they think the top 10 or 12 integrated pharmaceutical companies in the world and that group of customers says as you know, faced a lot of hurdles, they've gone through the mergers and acquisitions phase. If anything I think, we're probably come through the worst periods of reorganization and then cutting spending on that group. That's gone on for well over five years but I think, we don’t see the worst of that in the future, we think the worst of that's behind us. On the other hand, I think the broader life science community is clearly the more dynamic piece of this market, was last year, I think will continue to be when you talk about generics, biosimilars the innovative bio-tech marketplace, the merging diagnostic discovery companies and the discovery working arm-an-arm with the therapeutic pharmaceutical customers. So we continued to see very robust conditions in those market places, surrounding the classical large scale ethical pharmaceutical companies. So combined we are very optimistic about the opportunity that broadly defined market place to sustain the high single-digit growth rate that we're aiming at.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think Gene covered it pretty well, Tycho, I think, we clearly had a very strong first quarter even when you discounted for the base and for the extra selling days. No matter, how you estimate that effect, we're still around at 10% organic rate even if you cleansed it, so it's pretty impressive and if you look at our trailing 12 months results, we're at that 8%, 9% organic growth rate, so all of that's very encouraging but we're still being careful I would say early in the year, to not get too much ahead of ourselves. So I think it's fair to say there are current conditions could lead to better results but we want to be careful early in the year.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, certainly the life science market was since by far the biggest market is that life science market that grew with that high double-digit rate but interestingly all the markets contributed double-digit growth rates, I think I'm right.
Douglas Berthiaume: As Gene mentioned that something I would like to emphasize, it's interesting that in the service and support market place in the last four or five may be plus years a number of competitors have emerged to try to address the broader service market. And essentially take share from us by servicing Waters gear around the world. And I am sure you're familiar with all of the players who advertise that they can service and support Waters and everybody else who is in the analytical libratory. I think it's telling that our strategy is clearly not to do that, we focus on our business, we train the best service people, we support our instruments. What that's led to is a service business that continues to grow at the double-digit pace and in this past quarter grew even much stronger than that. So I just think it's a very telling dynamic that the customer support for our strategy and the importance of that service dynamic tie directly to our business, is far in a way the fastest grower in the service business and all we do is support our own installed base. It’s very interesting dynamic that we'll continue to track.
Douglas Berthiaume: Derik, I think it is true that when the large ethical pharma companies went through that binge of merging, they ultimately cut R&D and that ultimately -- certainly had a short-term affect on demand. So we clearly saw a blip down after a big merger with those big ethical pharmaceutical companies. And the ones that you're talking about with Teva and Mylan and Perrigo, much less likely to see a significant impact, because those are driven off production, most of our sales to those customers are pill count. And so you are not going to see a significant change in pill count and unlikely to see a significant impact related to those of kinds of companies.
Douglas Berthiaume: Paul, it's really just rolling out now. I have Art sitting next to me who, if I let him speak, he'd have you convinced it's going to change the nature of the western world, so he might break in here any minute any way, but we are extraordinarily excited about it. I think I said it's certainly unusual that we have seen the amount of customer reaction to the introduction of this product. The reaction of our field force who -- it's a premium price product and they might even be telling us we're under pricing it, it is so strong and so good in the customers eyes. However it was just introduced at Pittcon, so we didn't see any real economic impact of it in the first quarter. But I will unleash Art in here and let him chime in on how he feels about this.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think in general Doug; you can look at the strength that we're seeing in the biotech, the innovative piece. The Gilead's of the world, et cetera, and say most of that's growth driven. You look at the large pharma and India for instance, some of that certainly on the big pharma that's a fair amount of replacement because we know they've delayed, delayed, delayed in a multi-year period and we've talked about pent-up replacement demand. We’re seeing some of that, we still think that there's more to come. So I think, yes we're seeing pretty good replacement demand in the big pharma world, but a lot of the novel life science segment is just growth in their applications.
Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. And thank you all for being with us on this first call of 2015 and we'll look forward to updating you after the second quarter. Thank you all.
Gene Cassisa: Hi Tycho. Yes; we certainly had a nice start to the year but we also know that since we gave guidance last foreign currency dynamics have presented us with the stronger headwind. So in the first quarter results we delivered about $0.20 more than we had it originally anticipated, however, if you just look at the effect of foreign currency again applying it to the full year. You had an additional about $0.10 worth of headwind that we are dealing with, so in the guidance that we've presented going for the remainder of the year we've taken these two factors into consideration, little bit more headwind on the FX side, but acknowledging that we did have a stronger start to the year than we had anticipated. I would also say that as we go through the year, the largest quarter is the fourth quarter we had a particularly strong fourth quarter last year, so it probably makes sense to be a little bit more conservative on our outlook at the end of the year. Hopefully when we're talking to you again in July, we will have a higher level of visibility on business momentum towards the close of the year and be able to modify our outlook appropriately.
Gene Cassisa: Yes, and the other thing, Tycho, is that in the quarter in the U.S. as well as globally, you know the strength of the recurring revenues was pretty encouraging for us. Again we understand, that that revenue line benefits most from extra selling days but again even accounting for that at a minimum you're looking at what is now a pattern and a high single-digit growth rate for our recurring revenues on a constant currency basis, and that's something is very encouraging as we project out through the remainder of the year.
Gene Cassisa: No, it's interesting there is another geographic story there. We had a very strong performance as Doug and I mentioned in India. And given that that is primarily a generic drug market for us that was clearly production related, but as we begin to look a little bit more broadly at this pharmaceutical space or we saw a strength and from discovery through development, so a very broad based and is very broad based geographically too. So, I'd say that the long-term trend of half of the business related to production and production related activities that 50-50 mix is not too far off, but I would just say that we saw strength in both of those broadly defined segments in the quarter.
Gene Cassisa: Well, it's always difficult to talk about market share quarter-by-quarter, our experience tends to tell us that yes market share shifts to occur but they tend to occur over a longer cycle. I think, clearly in the quarter we benefited from our heavy weighting towards life science pharmaceutical and the underlying strength of that market. I think that we are at little bit more leverage for a better derivative of that end market and maybe some other players in the space. So, longer term, I mean, again Doug had mentioned that over the last four quarters our growth rate has been at the high single-digit level. And I think you can look at the growth rate of the industry as a whole and some of our competitors and you can make the assessment as you wish on that front.
Gene Cassisa: It's actually pretty well balanced on that front. The results for the quarter where you saw in our nice 200 basis point improvement and gross margins compared to the prior year result. It just demonstrates how -- with the positive sensitivity is of our gross margin to volume. But I'd say in the quarter we had nice contributions from volume from product mix and part of that mix includes a nice strong performance from our TA group that has a wonderful profitably profile, so I would say looking at those factors probably volume and mix were the biggest components on top that, we ended up benefiting from some of our cost improvement efforts.
Gene Cassisa: Actually if we look at the business in constant currency we're able to grow to top line 15% in constant currency with 9% SG&A growth rate, so it's impressive leverage. But we did grow our SG&A again in constant currency by 9%, what you are also seeing is the effective weaker euro and recognizing that we have a meaningful spend in Europe. We also saw benefits from the pound on that front too, some costs. So as you begin to look at the actual SG&A growth, the main reason why it was flat is because we benefited on the operating expense side from lower yen and from the lower euro and from the lower pound.
Gene Cassisa: You're estimate is right on, I think as you know, if I go back a decade our top 15 accounts represented about a quarter of our business and now you're looking at around 10% of our sales from our top 15. So it is kind of interesting because those top 15 are actually companies that are the result of mergers that have occurred in this period, so in some ways it's even more dramatic. It's, when me talk about the top 15, it talks about the amount of business that we transact directly with those accounts. But I have to say that those accounts also are more frequently over the years have used outsourcing, so some of the money that we're getting from CRO accounts, from small specialty pharmaceuticals, some of the funding may actually be coming from some of those large multinationals, so that's another factor to consider. Looking at the replacement versus new, I mean one metric to consider is just looking at the number of HPLC versus UPLC systems that we're selling. And over the last few quarters, the growth rate in our alliance based HPLCs has been comparable to the growth rate that we've seen in the ACQUITY. That's an indicator that you're seeing both a strong replacement cycle as well as expansion of the business.
Gene Cassisa: TA had a very solid first quarter and I mentioned earlier in response to a question as that, not only was the sales growth rate but you also saw nice improvement in the profitably of the business. Looking at the division, the growth benefited from new technologies that we had acquired over the past couple of years as well as from the core business in rheology and thermal analysis. And I'd say that looking across the quarter we saw pretty consistent results across the quarter and are pretty encouraged as we go into the second quarter and look towards the remainder of the year. Operator, I think we've past the bottom of the hour, so, we'll take one more question and then wrap it up.
Gene Cassisa: I'll start with the second question and then move to the first question. You're absolutely right, as we look at the second half of the year, the base of comparison becomes a little bit more challenging and that we had a very strong second half in 2014. And looking at the number of days we do have fewer selling days in the fourth quarter. But I'd say that one of the things about a fourth quarter is that you do have the December 31st and requirement that people do allocate their capital spending, actually this is probably a little bit more of an advantage to the selling days in the first quarter and that as people release capital budgets, you might be able to get a little bit more towards the end of the quarter. But, you are absolutely right that we are going to be more conservative on our outlook for the fourth quarter due to a combination of the stronger base of comparison and to the fewer selling days. Looking at the tax rate, the tax rate that's embedded in our forecast is 14%. We had a tax rate last year that was a point better than that. The difference being that last year the U.S. R&D tax credit was enacted and we were able to take advantage of that, if that happens again this year our tax rate should be roughly the same as it was in 2014.
Gene Cassis: Yes, the biopharmaceutical growth rate was in the high-teens for the quarter, Issac. And looking at our government and academic spend are all in again these numbers are in constant currency was at a mid single-digit rate, but that mid single-digit includes much stronger performance in the United States and Europe and it was somewhat offset by weaker performance in Japan and still not that robust spending on the public side in China, so all in we ended up with mid single-digit government and academic but there was a definite geographic pattern to be gleaned behind that number.
Gene Cassis: Doug this is Gene. We're impressed with having mid-teens growth rate in China now for two quarters in a row. And if I take a look at the drivers of growth in that country, it's a little bit more weighted towards the for profit customer and we're still seeing a little bit slower than historical demand from governmentally funded laboratories but we are somewhat encouraged by what we're hearing about governmental spending plans during this next fiscal year. I would say that as we begin to look at the combination of India and China and make assumptions about how those businesses will impact, our full year 2015 outlook, we're at least set a high single-digit level given strong start we have this year, so far early indications for demand in the second quarter looked like a continuation of the trends that we saw in the first quarter. So I would say that in looking at the geographical components that make up our full year guidance we're probably a little bit more bullish on Asia in general and India and China in particular.
Gene Cassis: No, I think you characterized here well. If this is the situation where I truly believe it's a win-win situation. Our colleagues in PerkinElmer wanted to really have high performance workhorse instruments to supply to their customer base and if I look at the portfolio of products that we are providing to them; I think they fit that category very well and also these are products that have been very effectively cost-engineered and are manufactured in Singapore largely for us too, so that’s another advantage in that, it increases our footprint in a very cost favored and tax favored production side.
Gene Cassis: It continues to move in a very positive direction, there's a feeling that the long-term benefits that the Singaporean government is looking for and our desires they are all very well aligned. So I see nothing that makes me uncomfortable about a continued very favorable relationship that results in a favorable tax position over the next multi-year period.
