Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation first quarter 2014 financial results conference call. With me on today's call is Gene Cassis, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Treasurer and Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's business dynamics. Gene will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas Berthiaume: It's not impossible. I'd say if you look at where we continued to see strength in the fourth quarter, the strength that we saw in China was a continuation. We saw a minor slowdown of releases in the third quarter in China. And that all kind of came back robustly in the fourth. I don't think there was much pull-forward in China. I think what we're seeing this quarter is a new dynamic there. And the pharmaceutical business that we saw in the developed countries in the fourth quarter, it's just kind of so typical of what we see in a budget-less year where that momentum starts off slow and builds up through the end of the year. The only thing I could say would be that our performance with the QDa was very strong in the fourth quarter. So there might have been a little bit of a disproportionate piece of business, because it hadn't been available for sale. But then you look at the QDa and the orders and shipments on the QDa were even strong in the first quarter than they were in the fourth quarter. So clearly, we ask ourselves many of the same questions, because we don't want to be diluted as we go forward. But we can't find too much significant evidence that the fourth quarter represented a big pull-out of the first quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: And in terms of looking at pricing for this technology, we're able to offer a complete system for less than $100,000, very comprehensive system. And we're able to offer an upgrade to an existing system for something less than $40,000. We think these price points are very attractive for the end markets.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think the answer is no, we think that the basic Waters strategy and the strength that we've seen over the years hasn't and shouldn't change. It's not like we believe that long-term opportunities in the high value-added technologies that we bring to market and has sustained our growth over the years has petered out. I think if you look at the last couple of years, I mean look at last year in particular, if the yen had stayed stable, our earnings would have grown double-digits or thereabout. So yeah, I do think it's possible to pull things in and out of any given year. But the focus that we have on developing new technologies and new products with this opportunity to selectively enhance our product portfolios in areas that directly related to what we do, we would currently focus more on TA than anywhere else. But the emerging medical applications and clinical diagnostic software, we think are some real opportunities for us. So I'd say we haven't changed the specs on what we're looking for and we haven't changed what we think the success of Waters long-term is likely to be.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think the process has shown that there is a broad array of very interesting candidates who have shown real interest in the opportunity, Jon. I won't say that that surprises me. It's a great company with great technology and great opportunity, but it's nice to see that as you go out there that's reinforced by the response that we're getting from very qualified candidate.
Douglas Berthiaume: The margins we get around the world, they're remarkably consistent, certainly at the gross margin level. So the effect of the shortfall in China would be really no different than what we'd see from a shortfall in the United States. So if you look your way down P&L, the shortfall in earnings and clearly the shortfall in sales had a significant impact on us. So we were $17 million, $18 million shy of where we thought we were going to be for all the reasons that Gene talked about. Now at the same time, we under-spent SG&A, because we're careful and that's traditionally our bent. So SG&A spending is clearly under control. But when you're flat at the topline, it's still tough to get any leverage out of that. So the real story on the profitability side was the gross margin line. And that's 2.5 points that Gene talked about largely affected by currency and the fact that we have such a shortfall on the instrumentation mix in this quarter. So we see ways for that to reverse itself as we go forward in 2014. We think that's a reasonable forecast. And if the currency behaves itself, it seems to be more or less with a little bit of question on the pound side, we think that recovers.
Douglas Berthiaume: If I take a look at our mass spectrometry center of excellence in Wilmslow, the high-end mass spectrometry that incorporate time of flight technology is primarily manufactured in United Kingdom. If I take a look at mass spectrometers that heavily utilize quadrupole technology, the lion's share of production is at our Wexford, Ireland facility. So most of this facility is not dedicated to manufacturing, Paul. We still are manufacturing more intensely in Ireland for our mass spec products. So it's really a focus on R&D, marketing and administration.
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say there's been no dramatic changes in the pricing environment. You always, Isaac, have some territory around the world that pops up out of the vacuum that all of a sudden the competitor seems to go on a rampage of offering special discounts. But those things happen in kind of very small areas. And we frankly don't see a broad dynamic of significant difficult price competition. It's a very competitive market. So we're always cognizant of what's going on. Certainly if you just look at China, for example, it wasn't that all of a sudden somebody started charging lower prices. We haven't seen those kinds of dynamics. It's more or less business as usual, as we've seen over the last several years.
Douglas Berthiaume: First of all, I'd say in terms of a real merger, nothing is really underway. I mean you see the transactions going on between Glaxo and Novartis and restructuring those R&D programs. But that aside, certainly the Pfizer AstraZeneca, if it ever happened, wouldn't affect this year. And so on the largest front, I don't think you're likely to see those M&A activities affect 2014. To the extent that they do happen, I'd say we've seen both kinds of effects in the last, Christ, go back over 10 years. Some of those deals were aimed largely at sales force consolidation and back-office and G&A. And I'd say in many of those cases, you always see somewhat of a delay, but a pretty rapid return to a normal run rate of business. In more recent years, we've seen more of a focus on R&D organizations and in fact have seen a more significant short-term effect on R&D procurement as they have consolidated R&D operations and significantly in some cases cut back. What we've clearly seen in our broad pharmaceutical marketplace is that the strength in the activity in the generic and the specialty pharma and biotech has made up for that slowdown in the consolidation of big pharma. But that's where I'd say you really have to look at the specifics of any transaction. And who knows if a US company really gets $100 million or more in tax benefits from doing this, maybe they'll have more money to spend on R&D.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, Gene can chime in here too. The triple quad market I'd say is one of the most competitive segments of the mass spectrometry market. It traditionally has been a marketplace where something happens with one product introduction and they kind of hold up a stronger position for a while. And then a competitor adjusts and comes back. And I'd say that happens almost year-by-year. No one gets knocked out of the box, but they have to respond to specific introductions. With us, I think you've seen us to some extent respond with things like ionKey and in terms of system configurations. But I do think it's fair to say that we've seen a number of competitors' introductions in the triple quad market in the past 09 to 12 months, and that probably had some effect on what's going on in the marketplace. And you'll see us respond over the next nine to 12 months with our own introductions, some included in ASMS. And I think this is just the market that we live in.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, Tim, the TA acquisitions were largely done late in the year. And they were smaller organizations. In many cases, they're doing businesses through distributors. And so we decided as part of the transactions to take the time and renegotiations, we're doing direct. We had to renegotiate agreements in many cases and thought that it'd be much cleaner to not press these products through an old distribution channel, but to take our time and drive it out there later in the year. So that's why you're seeing a de minimis effect in the early part of the year. But these sales will grow significantly as we move through the year.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, our overall business in India was flat in the quarter, which is probably a little bit better than it was on average last year. And I still think we're seeing the effect of the regulatory issues in the generic drug manufacturers in India. And we're beginning to see the (inaudible) beginning to settle down. So we have optimism that as we get later in this year, we could see an improvement in our India business.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think, Derik, to be fair, if you look at one of the most significant shortcoming in the quarter, China was a big piece of it. And so if you look at the risk/reward equation, we clearly think that the rest of the year in China isn't going to be a continuation of the first quarter. We think we have analyzed that to a level that we're not crazy in that assumption. In many ways, we're looking at significant projects that would even add to that enthusiasm. But they're not in hand yet. So we're not going to take them to the bank. But I would admit that China is a swing. If we're not right and China doesn't come back, but we don't think China can cut off forever their commitment to this technology. And so that's an important part of why we think the future is better than the first quarter. Well, thank you, all, for hanging with us this quarter. It was clearly not the strongest quarter that we've had recently. And we hope to be talking to you on a more enthusiastic bent next quarter. So thanks again and we'll see you in the future. Bye, bye.
Gene Cassis: Generally for the full year outlook, it's pretty safe to look at our business in United States in our pharmaceutical business and assume that sort of the midpoint in our topline guidance is weighed around what our expectations are for that geography and for the pharmaceutical industry. Generally we anticipate that growth rate in Asia will be faster and we're a little bit more conservative on the full year growth rate in Europe. We started the year off pretty strong in Japan where we see positive signs coming into this quarter. So we're expecting that the Japanese rate may come in above the mean or maybe slightly below.
Gene Cassis: Yes, those are both good questions, Brandon. In terms of the backlog, the one thing that we cited already in Doug's commentary is that we did have positive growth for our TA instruments division, even though we reported slightly negative sales results. So we do have that backlog. We also want to point out that as you look at the base year comparison, for the full year, we had a relatively strong first and fourth quarters and the two middle quarters were relatively flat in terms of our instrumentation growth. There is a base of comparison benefit as we go from the first quarter to the second quarter. Also, as you look at the range of EPS and you look at what the expectations are on the topline, I'd say that the bottom of the range makes very minimal assumptions on the level of snapback that we see from the first quarter, in that our original expectation were that our growth rate in the second and third quarter would be stronger than the fourth quarter. But based on what we're seeing in the market now, we do have reason to believe that a portion of the delays that we saw in the first quarter will in fact come in, in the second quarter. At the high end of the guidance in the second quarter, we were anticipating a more full recovery of the sales delays that we saw in the first quarter. So that's one of the reasons for the expanded delays is kind of encapsulated in that rationale.
Gene Cassis: No, I think that's accurate. And you know what's interesting? We're seeing this continued trend of an increasing percentage of our pharmaceutical business moving towards more specialty pharmaceutical accounts, more on the buy-out side. And the top 15 accounts that at one point made up about 25% of our sales. That percentage continues to attenuate and it's now approaching closer to 10% of our sales.
Gene Cassis: To the last point, I think we're still very much at the beginning in terms of looking at penetration rates. And we think that there's a tremendously large market for research-focused chromatographs that can benefit from this technology. When you take a look at the fourth quarter last year, we were somewhat surprised to see how many of the QDa technology modules were sold as part of a complete system package. There's about half of them in the quarter. And we saw that people had some money at the end of the year and they decided to invest in a complete system at a rate that was a little bit higher than what we anticipated. If I look at this last quarter, two-thirds of the instruments that we sold in the first quarter were additions to existing chromatographic systems, which was much more in line with what we were envisioning last year. So although the unit volume was up in terms of modules shipped in the quarter, from a revenue point of view, the fourth quarter of 2013 was comparable to what we saw in the first quarter of 2014 and kind of consistent with the outlook that we had coming into this year that the QDa could contribute quite a point of growth for the whole company in full year 2014. And I'd also just add that in terms of the uptake of this technology continues to be most sought after by people doing small molecules work research.
Gene Cassis: Generally speaking, we look at the install base of chromatographs, Waters and non-Waters, we think it's pretty evenly divided between those that are being used for research purposes and those that are being used for quality control compliance type purposes. And the key market in the short term for QDa technology is going to be on the research side. So there is a tremendously large install base of instruments that are using photodiode array technology. And the usage of that technology implies that the customer is interested in getting qualitative research or compound identification. So we think that this customer base, which might be a quarter to a third of the install base of chromatographs, is a great candidate for QDa technology.
Gene Cassis: Yeah, the year-over-year comparison going from the first quarter of last year, Jon, to first quarter of this year, you need a little bit more detail to fully understand the dynamic there. The biggest thing is the currency impact on gross margin. So the lion's share of the difference that you see between last year's gross margin and the gross margin that we delivered in the first quarter is related to currency. And this includes the strong flow-through that we get in Japan, where last year for most of the first quarter, we're done with the yen that was at around 92 average (inaudible) this year. Also on the currency, we had the pound movement in direction that was unfavorable to us. So it had the impact of increasing our cost of goods sold for product that sold to United Kingdom. So those are the big dynamics. Now superimposed on that, there is a natural progression of gross margin with volume, as you look at Waters over a one year period. So the reduced volume that we had in the first quarter combined with the typically lower volume that you get in the first quarter contributed to less absorption of fixed cost in the quarter and had negative impact on gross margins. So broadly speaking, it's that dynamic as well as the currency dynamic that caused the 56%-plus gross margin for Waters.
Gene Cassis: In fact, there is a big difference in the value of the yen as you move from the first quarter last year to the second quarter. So as you go and take a look at how the yen progressed across the year, you'll see that as we come into the second quarter, that'll be much more favorable. But pound, I made some commentary that foreign exchange might over the full year be a little bit dilutive. If the pound continues to strengthen, well, that can work against us. But as we go from the first quarter to the second quarter, implied in the guidance is a recovery in the growth of our instrumentation business and that will have a positive effect on our cost absorption.
Gene Cassis: Just that if you look at our position in China historically, it's been a consistent year-over-year double-digit compounded average growth rate business for us. We don't see a very meaningful change in that long-term trajectory. But we also recognize that a significant portion of our business in China is funded by governmental agencies. So I guess that's a risk factor going forward as you begin to think about how governmental spending might have an impact on our business.
Gene Cassis: Sure. The primary aspect of the ionKey is it's designed for applications where you're dealing with very small samples requiring very high sensitivity. Traditionally standard chromatographs were used, which in conjunction with mass spectrometer made for a fairly sophisticated and complex system with a lot of plumbing and tubing. The ionKey for the lack of a better term is almost a solid state chip-based system that really replicates the performance levels that you find with the ACQUITY-based type performance systems. So about two years prior to its introduction, we tested it roughly 25 major pharmaceutical houses with people doing high sensitivity regulated bio analysis. It probably had one of the most expensive free introduction evaluation that then got outstanding review. So as we have rolled it into the marketplace, the receptiveness in a fairly narrow space, which again is low-volume high sensitivity applications, typically clinical type trials and so forth, is quite strong. Having said that, these systems are sold in a fairly high-end mass spectrometry based systems. And they're going into a market segment that is well established. The acceptance probably will take anywhere from six to 18 months for the early adopters now in the go to marketplace to pick up on this technology and find its advantages. So we think it has a fairly large audience in the pharmaceutical industry, but we also believe, because it's regulated and it will require a shift from traditional methods, it's not going to be an overnight transition. It will take a while. But we're very excited about the technology. The customers are excited. And we think that the future is very promising. And it will probably represent the direction of separations technology on the front end of these types of mass spec systems.
Gene Cassis: As we look at the tandem quadrupole market, we see the largest segment of that market being for regulated bio analysis. And based on the performance of our Xevo and Xevo TQ-S, over the past few years, we've made some inroads into a market that has historically been a tougher one for us. Over that time though, I think we've made very good penetration into the food safety testing and environmental segments. So we're disproportionately represented in our market mix towards these applied markets. And I'd say that as you look at these applied markets by quarter, it tends to be a lumpier business. As regulations come into place, you get a surge in business. And it feels good then, but then a year later, it's in the base. So I would say along with the dynamics that Doug pointed out that looking at what's changed year-over-year from us, it's just as not as robust a market for some of these applied market opportunities.
Gene Cassis: Well, if I take a look at the acquisitions that were made last year and look at those for the TA instruments group specifically, we made about four acquisitions. We did not get product revenue for those acquisitions within the TA instruments division. Now within the Waters Division, we also made acquisitions last year, but they were technology-based. So it was technology that's embedded primarily in our SYNAPT line of mass spectrometers. So it's a long-term with technology play rather than revenue stream that we acquire. So that's the reason why you're not seeing revenue associated with the Waters Division acquisition, because we really were not buying revenue, we were buying technology. And on the TA side, we have devoted significant amount of time during the last quarter towards training the new organization and getting manufacturing processes for future growth this year. And I think you'll begin to see in the second quarter and beyond some nice contribution from the TA acquisition.
Gene Cassis: I think as you begin to look at the mid single-digit growth rate assumption, here're some of the basis tenets that are beneath that. We think that market conditions are not drastically different from what we experienced last year. And last year, our constant currency growth rate was a little bit better than 5%. If I take a look at the components that drive our growth, we have roughly half of our business within the broad definition of recurring revenue. And historically, it's grown at a consistent mid single-digit or better rate. So if we think about the recurring revenues growing at a rate that's historically in line, you'd be looking at 5%, 6%, 7% growth rate, which brings about 3 points of growth to the corporation. So superimposed on that, we think that we have some opportunities this year with products like the QDa and with the TA acquisitions to ensure a certain level of instrumentation growth above the recurring revenue growth. So when you begin to rip the business apart that way, you think about what the implications are for the core revenues for instruments. They're really not that dramatic to get you to the 5%-plus level. So that's the basic understanding that brought us to this position.
