Christopher O'Connell: Great, thank you Sherry. As we move into the fourth quarter, we will continue to emphasize execution in our core businesses and delivering on our operating performance objectives. As we have stated, we will seek the balance growth, operating leverage and investment in the business. With that, we will now open phone lines for Q&A. we are rarely able to get to everyone’s question, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and if you have additional questions after the call, please contact our Investor Relations team. Operator, may we have the first question please.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure Tim, thanks for the question. We estimate that these one-timers that we refer to in the call hit our top line growth rate by about 1% and that was roughly equally split between the natural disasters in the Americas region and the India GST but as we commented, those factors will look a little bit different in the fourth quarter. We think that the India GST situation is working through as we speak and you know while we may not be completely out of the woods, we expect to recover that business steadily over the coming two or three quarters and that’s really simply a delay in orders and shipments.  From a natural disaster standpoint, it was really the US that took the majority of the hit in the third quarter where some of that risk shifts to Latin America for the fourth quarter but you know hopefully the impact will be somewhat less in Q4 than we saw in Q3. 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, yes. Thanks, Tycho for the question. There is definitely a bifurcation as you pointed out between the US and Europe and you know I’ll first make a comment more on the pharmaceutical business. As you know the pharma business is a very global business and clearly what our experience here and sort of the short-term we are seeing the larger multinational pharma company is favoring. The more friendly operating environment in Europe, right now and that’s obviously driven by more and more certain environment on tax and regulation and trade.  And so, the U.S. does feel like its bending a little bit of wait and see mode, but like we said in the call, we definitely saw a sequential improvement in that tone in the U.S. certainly Q2 was better than Q1 and Q3 was better than Q2, so hopefully we’re stepping out of that and as you know sometimes these companies have cycled their purchasing activity between the U.S. and Europe and that’s what we think we’re seeing right now.  In the industrial sector, we actually saw a growth in both the U.S. and in Europe, which was encouraging. Our industrial performance is pretty broad-based right now, and in academic and government we also saw a growth in both the U.S and in Europe. So really the U.S. versus Europe question is really trading-off pharma demand but like we said we’re very encouraged with pharma demand overall, we think pharma demand is healthy, despite the near-term U.S. shift and the pharma growth that we saw in the quarter was obviously on tough comps as well as absorbing some of those one-timers that we just spoke about a few minutes ago. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, I think a lot of the themes that we saw in the quarter, Tycho were pretty similar to what we have been seeing all year and what I have been seeing over the past couple of years, the demand in generics is good. There is obviously some headlines with some bigger companies out there, but again keeping in mind that even in some of the larger generics companies that have had some difficulty, our business is much more a function of volume and production than it is about say new initiatives.  But the generics market is very broad based, certainly the Indian business has been consistently strong despite the short-term dislocations with system implementation and GST and the U.S. continues to see new investment in generic categories from startup companies and mid-sized companies. And as I alluded into the call, the biopharma market has been really solid again, we continue to see the majority of the innovator companies focusing their investments on new analytical techniques for biopharma and as you heard at our analyst day and in subsequent investor conversations, we continue to highlight our strategy to win in that environment. 
Christopher O'Connell: Doug, I think we’re not going to go breakout those details at that level granularity, but I’d point you back to some of our general commentary. Our industrial business was quite well balanced actually across many of those different categories in food and materials characterization and environmental and it was really well balanced across our major geographies, U.S., Europe and China were all in positive territory on industrial and India was slightly negative in part due to the GST tax implementation, but these are smaller, much smaller number and industrial as you know with a bigger pharma business.  So, I would just look at both quarter results, but also on industrial the year-to-date results and last 12-month results all in positive territory in the U.S., China and in Europe. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, I guess as you sort of alluded to Doug, the basic comparison last two quarters of low teens growth in prior year has to be taken into consideration when looking at our pharma growth rate, but we have been really rock solid at 6% pharma growth both year-to-date as well as last 12 months and over almost any rolling period. I am confident that we are doing well from a share standpoint in the pharma business and if you compare our results over almost any rolling period to competition, I think you’ll see that.  We obviously do the best we can to look at market share data from different sources like SDI and the oldest survey and all of those surveys tend to reinforce the same point. As you know share can be very sticky in these markets. We have done a good job innovating and holding on these shares, certainly there are some categories where we have seen some pressure like high resolution Mass spectrometry in recent years, but we also are continuing to invest in new technology that will turn that in the other direction.  In the heart of the LCMS world, we have done very well from a share standpoint, we believe especially with the broadening of our [indiscernible] product line that I talked about earlier and [indiscernible]. And as those two technologies continue to grow together and utilization we think we’re well positioned for share gains in the future.  And then our core LC business, we have got a very strong base of share that’s really headlined by not just for multiple technology categories of HPLC and UPLC but also our empower chromatography data systems, keep in mind we own about two-thirds of the market for CDS, which gives us great visibility into what’s happening with instruments in the market and is the major competitive advantage that only continues to be enhanced. So, we do try to study the share question as much as we can but we feel good about where we are.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks for the question Steve and it’s a good time to think about those things, we have just completed our second annual strategic planning process, we had a great discussion with our Board of Directors last week in New York. And one of the things that I have gained a deeper appreciation for I guess I have been on the job a little more than two years now, is just the opportunity out there, I think there is more opportunity in this business that I have been appreciated, when I first came in and that really is a function of sort of the inexorable desire of the world to gain even deeper insights into the molecular structure of material of all type whether its drugs, food or materials and I think as we look at our long range plans and we look at our technology roadmap, making our technology more accessible to more users and to really open up that opportunity not just in Pharma but in our other categories is a big opportunity. I’d say at the very top of our list is something that I have mentioned in some previous settings, including your conference, which is just the rise in analytical rigor around bio-molecules and the opportunity to move LC plus Mass spec workflows into routine regulated applications and we have talked a little bit about our [indiscernible] program and there is lot behind that is well.  But I think there is some things out there that could lay the foundation for sustainable growth for a long period of time. And as we put more specificity around workflows and applications and informatics for the other vertical markets, we think that this is a great market development opportunity overall and I think what I am most excited about as we really hold all the cards in this deck, we have a very strong position as you know in chemical separations in Mass spectrometry particularly the integrated use of Mass spectrometry of course precision chemistries and the informatics that makes it all work together and comply with regulation and compliance needs.  And so, I know that’s a bit of a long answer but that’s the opportunity that’s on my mind, and so it's up to us as the management team to be a very disciplined on how we continue to deliver strong results and growth but also balance that margin expansion with the investment in the business, to get after these opportunities. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, it’s a good question Dan and actually as I highlighted in the note, we’ve been encouraged by our mass spec performance this year. We’ve had a solid mass spec year both in the quarter and year-to-date and that strength is broad based. We are seeing I think the beginnings of what I alluded to there in the prior question about the movement of mass spec into the heart of product development and even working its way even further downstream in to QA QC.  But discovery has been robust, but it's also been robust in the applied markets. Our tandem quad portfolio in particular with [indiscernible] TQSX and TQS Micro is shown its strength in the food and in some of the chemical application areas as well. So again, somewhat of an outside in view coming into the company, I really do see mass spec overtime playing out as a much more broadly utilized tool in more simple formats that go well beyond some of the research applications that its traditionally been known for. 
Christopher O'Connell: You know Dan I guess I just comment that what we always typically say which is we look at the long-term historical growth rate of the markets which we have very much been tracking at on sort of a rolling basis as we’ve said. And we continue to strive for that and strive to overachieve it where we can.  And obviously year-end dynamics will play into that and I think we continue to look at the business as a global business. We’re cautious in the US at this point but cautiously optimistic we think and we’re not assuming everything goes right in terms of our guidance and so we’ll continue to take step by step but the main point is that we think the pharma market is healthy overall is a very attractive and increasingly attractive market looking forward. And so, we’ll just continue to stay laser focused on it in getting the best we can.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure on the LCE business Amanda, that’s a good question and we continue to see pretty good balance actually between our HPLC and UPLC platforms and you know at this point in time alliance in HPLC is still bigger in terms of units, the new PLC and also don’t forget the [indiscernible] system which is a hybrid system that can bridge those methods and so we have a pretty robust portfolio and we continue to develop enhancements to that platform alongside our informatics platform because it's really LC plus Optical detection plus empower chromatography data systems as an overall system solution that is really the offering in the marketplace that serves particularly that generic customer as well as a wide variety of other types of molecules and it's not just the LC component but its actually the system and that’s why you hear us talking so much about more of a systems orientation and systems engineering and transformational engineering things we can do uniquely by pulling all those things together. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, that’s a good question. TCM is definitely a unique aspect of the China market, and it's hard to predict I think or get our arms around how big that could be but it’s an important market and the data point that I always love to hear and see is that the Chinese population takes prescriptions in equal amounts for TCM type products as well as traditional medical therapies and yet the labeling requirements in the testing methods around TCMs are small but growing quickly and so there does seem to be a genuine interest on a part of the Chinese regulators to continue to enhance the labeling requirements and the testing requirements for TCMs and we think that’s a long term tailwind, those are pretty niche applications now. But we definitely see TCM and I'd also throw in food and food testing alongside TCM as categories that are seeing increasing regulation within China.  China, has been a great story for the Company, we have had a very strong year-to-date in last 12 months and quarter itself in China and the thing that continues to impress me about China is the balance and the breadth of that growth, China is actually less concentrated in pharma than a lot of other markets, its more concentrated in food and materials than other markets and even within pharma has a lot of diversity in terms of generics, innovator drugs and TCMs. 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, no actually Patrick you are exactly right, you said it well which is we’re not a great proxy for that market, its roughly 10% of our revenue. It was definitely a good quarter overall and that built on the 5% we grew in the prior quarter and year-to-date though if you look at more the rolling period of year-to-date or last 12 months were in that low to mid-single digit type range which is again I think more characteristic of that market overall.  As we pointed out before, the academic market is small for us and somewhat lumpy. So, we do get quarter-to-quarter variation and will continue to emphasize that because if the market goes down a bit or up a bit, we don’t get overly exercised because we see a pretty steady drumbeat of that business over the rolling period. But in particular there just continues I think to be a very healthy appetite for investment in biomedical research and in the Omex and we’re particularly pleased with our position in a lot of the metabolomics type work, assays and have particularly strength there and we have seen greater and greater interest from the research community on metabolomics and better understanding of microbiome and some of the related areas of biomedical research.
Christopher O'Connell: I don’t exactly know, I mean I think we feel good about the overall market right now as we’ve said and you now we never get too far ahead of our tips if you will in terms of forecasting accelerated growth over historical trends but as you know we do get that from time-to-time from quarter-to-quarter and we’ve had some years like that and we do think that the underlying trends in pharma give us that possibility of continuing to see better growth from time-to-time and to fairly safely rely on that through the long-term historical rates. So, it's pretty hard to predict when that happens but it has happened and ought to continue to happen from time-to-time that we get some acceleration. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, thanks for the question and just to clarify couple of quick things. India is more in the 6 to 7% range of our mix versus 7% to 8% but that’s a pretty small difference and yes, GST is actually a really important thing and its just [indiscernible] of India and a bull on India and the economy and the government of India really. I applaud the implementation of GST as well as measures like demonetization. I think what India is doing right now is putting in some changes to their economy that could pave the way for more stability going forward.  The delay in orders and shipments is purely related to systems implementations for our customers to be compliant with the new laws and that our systems have to match up to their systems. So, as we work through that which we’re working through real time, and our customers are working through that will provide certainly a very stable base of transactional capability going forward and I don’t see it as any kind of an ongoing headwind, or in particular on a Q tailwind other than the catch that we will see. But really, I think it's another example of more of a long term foundational attribute of the Indian economy that will benefit the country overtime. 
Christopher O'Connell: I think we’re actually pretty conservative on that and we’re not assuming any kind of accelerated replacement or tailwind there. I mean we’re really focused on the needs of our employees and our customers, obviously we have employees in some of these ravaged areas Puerto Rico and beyond and our focus is really purely on getting people back up and running and helping our customers work through this and if that results in some additional opportunity down the road great, but we’re not thinking opportunistically about it in that way, we’re thinking more operationally about it and doing the best we can to serve our customers.  So, I think we have time, for one or two quick ones here, John maybe two more please operator. 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, I won't give too precise of an answer on that, because it does move around quarter to quarter but actually -- we are balance really comes to our mind, I am impressed by the contribution of very old products if you will like Alliance, HPLC Systems with empower chromatography data. That continues to chug along and be a very reliable source of growth. We continue to see good uptick on what I will call sort of medium in the market products like UPLC and QD arc as well. Like I said mass specs have been really solid and that’s been a combination of some technology that’s been in the market for a few years like TQS Micro, QDA, but also the [indiscernible] which is about a year old.  So, have a lot of balance, and we do have a pretty strong product cycle we believe coming up in ’18 and beyond and we’ll continue to try to leverage all aspects of this. One thing I do think about a lot of not just the launch of new technology but really how that technology grabs hold and gets traction in the marketplace and sometimes the biggest impact you actually see in a lot of these products and technology categories is actually in your two, three and four as some of those technologies work their way in to more standards of measurement.  So anyway, we think we have a pretty vibrant product offering and a good product position in this as I’ve said today and many times R&D investment is our number one priority for growth for the future.  So anyway, with that maybe we’ll finish with the questions and just want to say thank you for the great questions from all of you. In conclusion, we’re pleased with our results through the first three quarters of 2017, headlined by our ability to deliver consistently strong organic revenue growth combined with disciplined P&L management to deliver double digit earnings per share growth. As we close out 2017, we remain focused on execution and feel that market conditions combined with our strong competitive position support continued success.  So, on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for our support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q4 2017 call which we currently anticipate holding on January 23rd 2018. Thanks, and have a great day. 
Sherry Buck: Yeah, so we're looking at the EPS bridge, basically as we look at our guidance, we’re following through our Q3 and just a little bit of the FX and as Chris mentioned earlier, we’re taking some of the FX upside and investing in the business through R&D year-to-date up about 10% on a constant currency basis, so really trying to balance the benefit of some of the operating leverage and investing in the business. 
Sherry Buck: Sure, any question we have a lot of pushes and pulls on the gross margin. So there as some positive mix dynamics and manufacturing variances were helped some of the cushions on it, we had a pretty strong service quarter and so as you know that’s kind of a headwind to our gross margin but it helps us on the operating margin. Our US performance, with it being, it has been improved but now there is bigger part of the total that is also a little bit of a headwind on the gross margin. So, you put all those things together and with the FX that gets us to our gross margins for the quarter.
Sherry Buck: Sure, on the revenue recognition, our team has been doing quite a bit of work on that globally just to understand the impacts of it and while we aren’t totally complete with everything our current assessment would be that we’re not having material impact on our revenue line or the service contracts at this point in time.  Your other housekeeping question about FX for next year. So, a little too early to be giving guidance for 2018, we will do that in January, but I would say looking at today’s FX rates it would be just a slight positive tailwind, I wouldn’t be thinking as high as 3 or 4% based on today’s rates. But, too early to call obviously since we are not in 2018 yet. 
Sherry Buck: Yes, so just a very small contribution from M&A coming through TA as Chris mentioned in his earlier comments. And then there isn’t extra day in the fourth quarter and we kind of fully factor that into our outlook and guidance. 
