Udit Batra: Broad question, Tycho. Thank you, very much, and good morning. Look, I've been here only eight weeks, and I've been spending most of my time in listening and learning. But let me start by reemphasizing that we have one of the best bases in the industry. If you ask me, what do you want as a starting point? I would have said pharma, informatics in China, and there you have it. That's Waters. So as I've said, we have indeed lost some momentum in the last few years. And I think you're right, call out the share loss in LC and mass spec and thermal analysis. We have indeed lost some of this momentum, and we need to build it back step by step. While the long-term plan is far from complete some of the near-term actions to address the commercial momentum are really clear, we've already actively started to work on identifying and replacing healthy instruments that are almost two decades old in more cases, and the Arc HPLC is a good new product to do so. From a channel perspective, I think we can increase our e-commerce presence given that close to 20% of our consumables business goes through this channel. And from a customer perspective, we have the opportunity to increase our penetration in CROs. So in summary, we are acting on some short-term plans. And overall, we hope that in the mid-term, we are able to return to a sustained growth, hopefully, in line with the market, but it's too early to get into any more specifics.
Udit Batra: Tycho, thanks for the question. And I think the answer is as expected. Look, everything is on the table. I mean, right now, we're just delineating the plan. All I've focused on is to get going with a no regret moves. And if some of them require additional investments, we'll look at it, and we'll look at the return, and we'll do it. From a long-term perspective, in rebuilding the portfolio, all options are on the table, but I think it's too early to comment on it. I think we first need to get our operational execution back on track. And we will continue to identify near term actions. And as we identify them, we will get going. So I'm not waiting to finish the planning before starting motion. So basically, I've just given you three, four examples of what we've already started. I hope that clarifies the current focus. It's really on getting the momentum back, while we build the long-term plan. And as that emerges, we'll share it with you.
Udit Batra: I think on the catch-up, no, I don't think we'll be able to quantify that for you any further. As far as Q4 is concerned and catch-up, look, we're first, very, very relieved and happy with the low single-digit growth that we've seen, and which is better than anticipated, especially after the decline in the first half. So under the circumstances, we're quite happy with these results. As to Q4, while the long-term prospects of the business are quite robust with solid growth in pharma and nice exposure to China and India, it's really difficult to predict what will happen in Q4, especially given the uncertainty that many customers are still facing due to COVID-19. And the fact, that close to 50% of our sales for the fourth quarter comes in December, we remain cautious. Additionally, as I mentioned, we had some catch-up from the first half of the year in Q3, which might not repeat. So despite all of this uncertainty, our focus is really on short-term execution. So really not much more to say about the capital outlay in Q4. But we're closing
Udit Batra: Thanks for the question. Look, let me first start by saying that there is a clear unmet need in QA/QC release of biologics, and this is especially apparent to me, given my previous background in bioprocessing. BioAccord is exactly the right product to fill this gap. I've had a chance to talk to some of my - some of the customers and many of my old colleagues who are using BioAccord for testing of biologics. And with its simplicity and dedicated workflows in peptide mapping, Glycan analysis, intact mass an oligonucleotide analysis, this is the right instrument to bring LC-MS into QA/QC. And I want to make sure that I stated that before I made any other cautionary statements. In fact, we have seeded BioAccord virtually in all large pharma's already. However, as you know, it takes years for a new product to embed itself in the conservative QA/QC environment. And as I mentioned, ACQUITY took close to 4 years. You can start to use that as a reference, but I'm sure we'll dig out other references of products that have taken probably equally long in that space. So while the product is very good, I don't expect it to move the needle in the short term. Over the long term, it has very, very good prospects, and we continue to develop its applications. So I hope that gives you color on BioAccord. In terms of specific steps, really, it's about talking to the customers, getting it seeded and doing the market development cautiously and diligently. That's where we're focused now.
Udit Batra: It's also a very good question. Look, apart from BioAccord, you mentioned the refresh of the mass spec portfolio, both on the higher end Cyclic and SYNAPT and on the tandem quad, and this is Xevo TQ-S, GC, Xevo TQ-S cronos and coincidently, all of these products have done very well in Q3. This is why we see a double-digit growth of mass spec, a high res mass spec in the U.S. and in rest of Europe. And our tandem quad portfolio for food safety testing and traditional Chinese medicine in China. So we're seeing some good uptake for these products. So the focus on new product development will continue. And on the LC side, you've seen Arc HPLC launch, and this is really a major contributor to our revival and I would say, less decline in the LC instrument space that you saw in Q3, and we are continuing to focus on that. So in a nutshell, even a higher focus on portfolio development. And secondly, realizing the full potential of the launches that have taken place, not just BioAccord, but also the rest of the mass spec portfolio as well as the LC and the consumables portfolio.
Udit Batra: Look, I'll go back to saying. I've been here only eight weeks, and I'm still listening and learning. So I have the full right to change my view as I learn more about our portfolio. I am excited by what I see, especially on the mass spec side. I'm excited by the breadth of the portfolio we have. If I'm not mistaken, it is one of the widest in the industry, ranging from high res to tandem quads and to also BioAccord as a first - in somehow first-in-class. So I feel we are reasonably well-positioned. That does not mean we will stop our investment in the area. Don't ask me how fast we will get back to our original share. We are intensely focused on realizing the full potential of these products, as you already saw in Q3. The commercial teams are very focused on this. Our collaborators are giving very good feedback on the product launches. So I'm very optimistic, but I would say it's early days, and I want to learn more before I can give you any more concrete information.
Udit Batra: Yeah. Look, I cannot judge what the exact loss in share is, but we definitely have lost the momentum in the last few years. I think that you can be certain of comparing our results to our past and perhaps even some competitors. And I would break the action down into three parts. We're very focused on rebuilding our portfolio, and you saw what I talked about on the Arc HPLC, and this will allow us to replace the already installed base in Alliance, which is now roughly two decades old. So this is something we have a lot of attention focused on. Secondly, on the consumables side, our premier columns were just launched, and these are for metal loving analytes and oligonucleotide as some of those, which are - which I don't need to tell you, are a strong contributor to growth in the future. And then finally, we think from a channel perspective, we are - we have been under represented in the CRO channel, and the teams are highly focused on developing that. So it's a rather comprehensive examination of our LC presence. And we're really pulling all the levers ranging from portfolio to portfolio, both on the instrument and the hardware side - sorry, on the hardware and the consumables side, from a channel perspective, this is CROs and also from a geographic perspective. And the last thing I'll mention is that on many of our competitors have a significant portion of their consumables business going through e-commerce. And given my recent experience on e-commerce, I believe we can take some short-term tactical actions to start catching up. I mean 20% of our revenues in consumables goes through e-commerce. And for many of our competitors, it's close to 50%. So a pretty broad-based push towards LCM, and I'm confident that we'll start to see some shift in momentum.
Udit Batra: I think the answer is the mix, right? So - and as I said, it's only been eight weeks. So it's all the necessary caveats. Look, the answer is the mix. From the overall - we're very happy to have about 60% of our business go to pharma. Pharma remains the most attractive end market. 30% of that business is focused on large molecule, like, which, as you outlined is the faster-growing segment. Now that said, the small molecule segment of pharma is also very attractive. I mean, look, it's still 80% of the pharmaceutical companies revenue, and that's in small molecules. With recent events, anti-virals have grown quite rapidly as an oligonucleotide and we've seen that show up in our business in small molecules. So small molecules is not something that we shy away from, but your question was more around portfolio towards biologics. So 30% of our business is - 30% of our pharma business is focused on that direction. And we intend to continue to innovate and continue to push organically on that side. And once we've - once we've done that, once we feel comfortable and confident with our commercial execution, given our existing portfolio, we will look at portfolio expansion, and there will be a time for it. It's just simply not today, and I don't have any specifics on that front. I simply mention that because you - when you look at Waters' results, it's very much a core business performance, and we're very happy with it. We don't have a lot of COVID-19 tailwinds in our results. So whatever change in momentum you see is meaningful and sustainable over the long-term because we're really getting it from the core business.
Udit Batra: So I'll start with the first one, and I'll let Sherry comment on the Q4. Look, in terms of customer activity, I can give you three activity, I can give you three dimensions. The service dimension, the consumables consumption dimension, and access to our - for our sales teams. Let's start with consumables. I mean, we've seen the experimentation go up in the labs and consumables growth is mid-to-high single digits and went into the double digits for China. So across all regions, especially in pharma, we start to see activity in the labs, as measured by our consumables revenue. As far as our service - access for our service teams is concerned, we saw some return to normal, especially in China and in Europe and increasing steadily in the U.S., but I would not conflate that with pre-pandemic levels, right. So our service engineers have a very different experience these days and they visit customers apart from having PPE and doing testing before they go to many customers. The duration of the visits are much shorter, as customers have them in, and they want them out after a certain specific period of time. So while the overall activity and access to labs for service engineers has increased, it is still not like it used to be prior to the pandemic. And then finally, from a direct sales perspective, our sales engineers, I would say, have 15% to 20% access, especially in the U.S. and in Western Europe versus what they used to pre-pandemic, and they're really leveraged webinars and a lot of virtual interaction. And many of them, in fact, I was with the sales team in the U.S. recently. And many of them say, look, we hope the customers are willing to engage in the same way, even post the pandemic because it's highly efficient and effective, it prevents unnecessary travel, then you don't need to. And of course, there is no substitute for face-to-face interaction when we're able to do it. Yet that said, there are some benefits that are coming out. So I hope that gives you more color on the access. For the Q4 question, I'll pass it on to Sherry.
Udit Batra: Yes. Look, I mean, Dan, firstly, thanks for your question and your interest in informatics. It's early days. I mean, I haven't yet been able to dig into each and every area in the business to the extent I would like. But on our informatics - on our informatics presence overall. Firstly, in this particular quarter, we have seen some nice return to growth, very much tied to our mass spec instruments. Now if you break it down, and that growth has especially come on the back of MassLynx, and UNIFY. As I think about Waters connect in my early orientation, the ambition is to set up a connected system across all our different platforms. It brings Empower, NuGenesis, UNIFY and MassLynx and Progenesis together in a single platform. The early uptake in some of our customers has been good, especially for certain mass spec instruments and the BioAccord is also on the same platform. We've got very good feedback. It's been quite system across all robust but the rollout still continues. So it's early days, Dan, but the early feedback on Waters connect has been quite good. And I have experienced that personally with some of my old friends and customers. I recently visited, just to give you an example, I recently visited our Immerse Center in Cambridge, and we had some customers from nearby come over and use the BioAccord as well as some of our more recent mass spec launches and it's really a seamless experience. But more on that later, as I learn more, and you'll hear more about it as it gets rolled out, and we hear more from customers. But early feedback is very good and Water's connect is already out there.
Udit Batra: Yes. It's - look, again, it's early days, Dan. I mean we've been hearing that - we've been hearing early conversation from many of our customers that there is a potential opportunity to repatriate the production of small molecules. We've talked to some of our - some of our academic collaborators also on continuous processing of small molecules. So there's a lot of interest, but no real concrete opportunities yet to quantify what exactly that opportunity would be. So you can imagine, as that happens. And if it happens and as that happens, Waters is very well positioned to serve as the QA/QC providers especially for LC and MS in that space. So early indicators, and I was only referring to some of the indicators and direct conversations I had with some customers, but no quantification to date.
Udit Batra: Sure. Look, I wouldn't call it a strategic initiative. I would call it a tactical, no regret move. When you learn that roughly over 8,000 of your Alliance instruments in the field are over 20 years old, you obviously ask the question, can you and replace it. And when I was presented with that fact, I asked team, what can we do to replace it is their custom - are there customers who would want to do it, and the obvious answer is, yeah, I mean we should, but we haven't really gone after it specifically. So if you ask me about the tactical execution, we have the names, the ZIP codes of the customers who have these Alliance instruments, as you well know from your Waters history. With the 80,000 or so installed base, 8,400 is about - I think, about 8,400 is the Alliance base, which is over 20 years old. So we know exactly where they are. And the intent is to go and have a conversation with the customers, especially now I feel more confident when I saw the results for Arc HPLC, given its superior performance for that particular segment, I would think that there is an impetus to move customers to it. From a competitive standpoint, we feel very well-positioned because customers have had a very good experience with Alliance over the years. It's a robust instrument, especially within power as it's informatics backbone. And we think that the transition is possible. Now don't ask me if all and at what fraction at what rate this will happen. This is why I'm not giving you concrete time lines and concrete quantification of how fast this will happen. But it is something that we feel has a potential to capitalize growth.
Udit Batra: I mean, Steve, just to embellish just a little bit, I think no real change in trends, but we are cautious because 50% of the revenue, as Sherry has informed me, comes in December for Q4, and it's very much dependent on the capital of place. So very difficult to predict, especially in this uncertain environment, how much that capital outlay is going to be. And that's the number one reason why we feel a bit cautious. But really, I mean, nice momentum into Q3 and nice shift from Q1 and Q2. And we are all hoping that it remains, but difficult to predict.
Udit Batra: Sure. Firstly, on the TA segment, Sung Ji - on the TA business, TA has continued an 8% or so decline, as we mentioned. And China was really the bright spot with mid-teens growth, especially in the semiconductor space and the U.S. with low single-digits. The other regions continue to decline, and that affected the overall number. And you're right to say that it's especially in the materials and the polymer segment. I must say, you didn't ask, but I'll tell you, I had the chance to visit my colleagues at TA in Newcastle, Albert virtually. I am so excited about the technological depth and the leadership in rheology, calorimetry, mechanical analysis. I also spoke to some of my old professors. I'm a chemical engineer by training, both undergrad and graduate school and our academic collaborators and we see a terrific future for structured property relationships that we're measuring with TA. So there are short-term challenges, and we've been pretty transparent about those. But I believe the future of this business is very, really good. As far as other commentary on the industrial segment, I mean, we saw - and then you would recognize that we report food under industrial, especially food safety in China, food in the United States, both saw growth, and this is what also drove the industrial segment in addition to the semiconductor growth that you saw - that we saw in China. Europe was flattish in the industrial segment. I hope that gives you the color you wanted.
Udit Batra: Yes. Jack, I should have expected that question from you. I'll start on the cost savings part, and then I'll give you a view on how I see future investments and some concrete ideas there. Please go ahead, Sherry.
Udit Batra: Sure. Jack, on the investment side, look, there's - as I mentioned, there's need for commercial investment on the CRO side. We are underrepresented in that segment virtually globally. So as soon as we quantify what that looks like by region, in Europe, we've already started. As other regions come forward, I mean, we will be going to support it. Second, on e-commerce, we are underrepresented in the market versus our peers. And I have some history in that area. So I can tell you that there will be some investment in e-commerce as we come back. First, with the existing platform, especially increasing paid search and search engine optimization and then revitalizing the platform in the mid-term, that will require investment. And I mentioned replacement of the old Alliance systems with Arc HPLC and other - with other hardware, that too will require specific training and focus from our field force, and we're getting ideas for investments there. I expect to be able to leverage our existing infrastructure there, but if there's need for investment, we will not shy away from it. These are value-creating initiatives one doesn't need to be a rocket scientist to understand that. And then on new product development, I mean, while I have not finished examining our product development areas, it is absolutely clear that more effort needs to be placed in market development. And you guys were interested in BioAccord, but there are other launches also that have taken place recently on the mass spec side, on the high res, on tandem quad, they require market development. There will be investments in that direction. So both from a market development standpoint and investments in commercial infrastructure, we will not shy away from any value-creating ideas. And I've already tattered off a few, and it's only been eight weeks since I've been here. I see tremendous, tremendous opportunity in our business.
Udit Batra: At this point, I want to go towards concluding the call. Thank you all for your participation. Despite the uncertain environment created by COVID-19 and the challenges that Waters has faced in the last couple of years, I have never been more confident in my decision to join this company. I hope that was apparent to all of you in the statements that I made. There is an incredible amount of talent in our organization, and we have a tremendous opportunity in front of us to turn the business around with improved execution in the short-term and then a renewed focus on growth in both organic and other strategic investments in the future. So on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q4 2020 call, which we currently anticipate holding on February 2, 2021. Thank you all, and have a great day.
Sherry Buck: Thanks for the question. Yeah. So if you look at our gross margins, it came in at 55.8%, and there primarily two big drivers around that. About half of that impact was driven by FX. And then rest of that was primarily strength, primarily mix due to the strength in our MS portfolio with - double digits. And just if you step back a little bit and look at our gross margin performance over the course of the year, it's been variable due to a variety of factors. This quarter, it was impacted by COVID. Second quarter, our gross margins were up really helped by our cost actions. And so if I really step back and look at our year-to-date gross margin performance, we're at 56.5% versus 58% last year and about 100 basis points of that was really due to FX factors. So as I look at the top line being down in the 6% range through year-to-date, I think we've done a pretty good job of managing the costs in a challenging environment. So those are the primary drivers for our Q3 gross margins.
Sherry Buck: Thanks, Udit. As we are looking at our Q4, I'd say, first of all, just as we saw our Q3 results, we were pleased with the trends that we saw there. And as Udit mentioned, we did see in the Q4 some realization of delays from the first half. So there's quite a few variables that are really happening. And as we look into Q4, the visibility to year-end capital budget plans is very limited, especially in pharma and industrial. And we do think we'll still continue to see the same level of customer access. But just due to those different variability's, we're guiding or have an outlook of low to mid single-digit rate growth. Not really breaking down the visibility into the end markets just because of a lot of differences there. But some the trends we saw in Q3, we would expect to continue to see some of those strengths in the pharma business.
Sherry Buck: Yes. Hi Steve, thanks for the question. So as you look at our Waters business and how quarters play out, much of our business is done in the last month of the quarter. Coming into this quarter, I mean, market conditions are still pretty similar. And things are progressing as we expect. But it's really too early to pinpoint that really given the variability with some of the dynamics with COVID, et cetera. And I'd say we're very much focused on our execution. We have several leading indicators that we're looking at as far as access to our service and to labs and those are things that we will monitor and execute. But we're just really focused on those things and just with the visibility and the variability there are providing that kind of an outlook for the fourth quarter.
Sherry Buck: Hi, Jack, yeah. So as we - at the beginning of the year and as we saw COVID impact, we felt like it was important to take these cost actions as we were going into Q2, particularly as being that is our most challenging quarter. So most of those cost actions have been completed through the end of July, particularly around employee related items as we've had furloughs back and over stored hours and salaries. And as we were doing this, though, we were also looked at projects that we would continue to support and prioritize. And so I'd say largely, those are behind us. There's still a few things in fourth quarter. But things that we delayed, we don't feel like impacted near-term milestones. And I think we're very well-positioned from both our cash flow results that we had this quarter as well as from a balance sheet to look at the right investments in the business for growth. And I'll let Udit carry on those - some of those thoughts.
