Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation First Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters division; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations.  As is our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's highlights and John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, Quintin, depending on how you cut the term pharma. For large, the top 15 to 20 accounts, it's been a continuing story of tough conditions over at least a 5-year period. So I don't think we're going to say that -- maybe one quarter we would had a peak or something. But generally, it's been a tough time, particularly as they have outsourced some of the R&D or manufacturing analysis to CROs. Some of its gone generic. So you've seen our Indian business pickup. But I think, we have at times said the large research-based pharmaceutical companies have continued to kind of go down a track that sooner or later ought to kind of add methodically, flatten out and perhaps begin to pick up. We think that, that's probably happening. We think that, that install base has -- we have got a lot of old equipment in it that needs to be upgraded. There's a limit to which some of these laboratories can go where they cannot utilize some of those older systems. And we think we're seeing some symptoms of that in those large research-based pharma accounts. To look more broadly, I think as we've said for many years now, the overall broad pharma industry, pretty healthy. And again, it's kind of hard to tell sometimes when you're growing substantially your CRO business whether their clients are Pfizer or Glaxo [GlaxoSmithKline] or Bristol-Myers. So I think it's a little bit more diffused now. But where the benefit lies is probably still with some of those big pharma accounts. So we continue to see very good strong business from those CROs, as well as during a time when we're seeing good conditions from our research-based pharmaceuticals.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think what we're willing to say is that, the tsunami and the earthquake effects did not -- maybe showed -- we were frankly running a little bit stronger than we expected in Japan through the middle part of the quarter. We were expecting probably a little bit of upside over our core forecast. And with the tsunami and the earthquake, that probably came back to our original expectation. It wasn't a big dynamic, but it was a little bit slower than it probably otherwise would have been. We're seeing so far, as we go into the second quarter, no real significant influence or downside from the tsunami and all of its various side effects. As it relates to what the ultimate effects will be, I think we're expecting that there was damage to laboratories and upset to laboratory instruments in the quake area that will have to be rectified. We've already received some notification of that from our laboratories. We expect that there will be some additional testing. But I think it's way too early to see how the government shakes out on that. It's also probably important to notice that most of our business is not conducted in the tsunami and main quake areas. As you think about Japan, you have the East of Japan, which includes Tokyo. In the West, generally considered Osaka. More of our business is in the West, very little of our business is in the Fukushima area where the tsunami and the quake was centered. So we're not expecting to see long significant effects in our business given the current state of affairs in Japan.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes. Basically, Jon, they both grew north of 20% very similar growth rate. And we think they're largely, that's indicative of the strength of both product lines. It's not one dragging the other. They're both showing independent strength. And it is kind of indicative of our system strategy. Although not all LCs are sold with mass specs or vice versa. But it is, I think, a very clear sign of the strength of our systems offerings.
Douglas Berthiaume: We've seen more standardization go into H-Class, Tycho, but you are still talking about some laboratories that have many instruments in there. And so we're not claiming that you're having a universal change out. But that momentum has certainly picked up in that direction.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, we've seen no current significant issues on the supply side. We have completed an evaluation of our principal vendors and one level down to our most principal subcontractors in their supply chain. And I'd say, we don't see any current problems. I think that carries us probably out a quarter, maybe 2. And I think once you get out a couple of quarters, then the likelihood that the supply chain won't be able to deal with those issues gets reduced. So you can't say with absolutely certainty but it doesn't look like a real issue for us at this point.
Douglas Berthiaume: We saw it across the board. Actually, a little bit surprising because -- a big pharma, the research pharmas are releasing their capital budgets later and later in the year it seems. And I think it's important to recognize, it wasn't really -- it's not like every research pharmaceutical had a banner quarter for us. But on balance, it was a very good quarter amongst those research pharmaceuticals. But it was certainly not limited to them. I mean, their results were very strong across the board of those broad-based pharmaceutical segments, CROs, generics and bio. So I think the encouraging sign is that maybe we saw research pharma will begin to spend their budgets a little earlier in the year than maybe we have seen in the past.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, pharma grew faster than our average revenue growth in the quarter. So certainly pharma broadly described was the stronger part. The industrial markets, of course, a mix of industrial, chemical, environmental. In general, most of those subsegments were pretty good. So while not every single segment of our business performed at double-digit, it was pretty good across the board.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, we hesitate to and I think everybody should hesitate to take too much on market share dynamics based on one quarter's results. It's just very difficult to do that. And frankly, not all that meaningful. Clearly, when you're growing your instruments at 20%, anybody else who's doing that has to be having a good time also. So we don't think that this market would never contented that it's got secular growth rates of north of 20%. So we think we're doing pretty well. Clearly, our chemistry business and our service parts and spare parts, not, and never will grow north of high single digits or something around 10%. But with our hardware and systems business growing as fast as it is, we feel pretty good about pacing the industry right now. I also say, though, I think it's -- the laboratory and the analytical market feels pretty good. So wouldn't surprise me if others servicing this marketplace are also producing pretty good results.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think it's fair to say if you look closely the numbers that John described for the second quarter and the rest of the year that we're not going to count on that level of year-over-year strength going out. It was a stronger quarter than we had originally budgeted for or originally forecast. I can't tell you that right now, we're seeing market conditions that have deteriorated from that. But I think it would be dangerous for us to take that kind of performance to the bank for the rest of the year. So while we've increased our expectations, we think that it would be prudent to keep them within a range that offers us -- clearly offer some opportunity that the market could perform better. But we think it's well within our range of opportunity to perform against.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think it's fair to say that in recent years, we have seen an increased volume of somewhat larger tenders in the emerging markets, emerging markets being the BRIC side [ph] -- would be specifically what we're talking about. But our forecasts take into account the kind of flow that we've seen in those large tender areas. And we think that despite the fact that last year was a very successfully year with some large contracts, we don't anticipate a great deal of difficulty in those territories achieving the kind of result that we've outlined for you. So the markets continued to be strong. And the opportunities that we are working continue to be very encouraging.
Douglas Berthiaume: We think, long term, there's no question that it's going to spur demand. What the pace of that will be I think remains to be seen. I think people are still kind of figuring out what their strategic reaction will be in terms of inside the U.S. A large agri-producers and importers probably have somewhat better position. Lots of questions as to how it's going to affect the mid-sized and the smaller affected organization. So I would say, we haven't seen a lot of business coming out of that yet. Our belief is that, it will impact our business outside the U.S. probably faster as exporters gear up a little bit more to meet the expected requirements. And probably as we move into 2012, you'll see more investment in the United States. We think we're in excellent strategic position, given our position with the FDA, the USDA, our standardized laboratory support in Maryland and emerging activities in China, in particular, position us very well to be at the forefront of these activities.
Douglas Berthiaume: No, we haven't. And we have no active plan to obsolete the Alliance. Of course, a lot depends on how the market evolves. Right now, there's certain segments of the market that are saying they really value the Alliance configuration and want to stick with it. Certainly, it is possible that over the next 5 years or so, it will move in that direction.
Douglas Berthiaume: It's still likely that the Alliance mix will continue to go down. I think that's very clear. But it's still both strong product lines. I noticed it's 9:30. We're willing to stay on for a little bit longer. I realized that some of you probably have to get off. But we'll try to answer the people who are in the queue if there is still there, operator.
Douglas Berthiaume: If you think about traditional pharma, the research ethical type companies, you are probably right, unless the application clearly demanded the use of mass spectrometry. You would not likely find that in the quality control lab [ph]. That biopharmaceutical system would be ACQUITY and the mass spectrometer attached is really targeted at the biopharmaceutical segment where you have a lot of high-value added processes taking place. And therefore, you are more likely, not in all cases, but you're more likely to see test systems that do in fact incorporate mass spectrometry that it's fairly sophisticated separations largely because of the nature of the more complicated biopharmaceutical samples, peptides and so forth. So that's a very focused segment we are going after. And so far, the acceptance is quite well. And it was for probably the last 5 years we have spent incredible amount of time bringing focus groups together specifically from the biopharmaceutical industry and trying to find out, what is it that you need to help your process. And it's a very different discussion than you're going to find in the small molecule research-grade ethical houses. So that's a very targeted system, and we think over time, that represents an increasing share of the activity in the analytical space in certain markets.
Douglas Berthiaume: Art, will come across at the desk at me if I do that, Bill. So I'm going to turn it to him, so then he can only blame himself for letting the cat out of the bag.
Douglas Berthiaume: You're welcome, Bill. And thank you all for sticking with us this long. It's been a good start to the year. And we hope to talk to you with similar results as we go through the year. Thanks very much.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q2 and full year 2011. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that the actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled earnings release conference call and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for July 2011. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to our company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operation, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
John Ornell: Yes. I mean, government and academic really in the quarter, the dynamic there was just more outside Japan in its orientation with a large amount of shipments that went out in Q1 last year when we really pushed our new G2 product into that market space. You know we had a low to mid-single digit expectation for government and academic. That was principally what we got. As you know, we don't have a large exposure to any particular government organization, NIH, as an example, is maybe $10 million to $15 million for full year business that we do. There might have been a little bit of U.S. stimulus business in the base. So I'd say overall, I think the result was pretty much on plan and while our expectations going forward is kind of low to mid single-digit growth of this, given the products that we're offering and just given the fact that these businesses have to be constrained with all of the things that we read about budget woes around the world.
John Ornell: Yes, I would say -- particularly as you look at Europe, the real strength that came through there is comparable to what Doug had said regarding pharma, and that is the large [ph] pharma accounts did very well. That really did drive the growth in Europe. The applied markets did well in Europe. And I'd say, the chemical, industrial space was slower. So that type of performance, overall, that we saw in Europe that led to overall a surprisingly good result, I'll say it's 12% for the overall geography.
John Ornell: We had indicated the original guidance had assumed somewhere around $250 million of buyback. We look to retain some amount of cash should an acquisition come up, particularly early in the year where we don't know what we might find. So I would characterize the Q1 level of buyback as being at least on that plan, actually ahead of that plan on a dollar basis. We're looking to generate somewhere close to $450 million of free cash flow. If we don't find M&A targets as the year goes on, we'll look to perhaps deploy that cash more incrementally into the buyback effort. But early on, like I said, we put it in there at a rate of about $250 million on a full year basis and then ratchet it up as the year goes on.
John Ornell: Marshall, on the margins, the gross margin came in maybe a tick, less than what we might have expected originally and it is due to currency. We picked up about, "a half a point or so" improvement in the quarter associated with manufacturing cost reductions, volume leverage, which was offset by some currency, unfavorability from a year-over-year comparison perspective. The strengthening yen that we saw was less impactful this quarter as the Japanese sales were lower proportion of our overall mix of business. And then the U.K., the pound advanced about 3% across the quarter and that currency hit margins a tad too. But I'd say, generally, not that far off, but those are the components of the margin issue.
John Ornell: And then on the balance sheet, Jon, what we've done is we have a revolving credit agreement with a consortium of banks that expires at the start of 2012. So what you've seen is you've seen a movement on the balance sheet from long-term into short-term debt associated with that debt. So we have efforts in place to begin the process of re-upping that credit agreement. We're looking to create another 5-year agreement that will be in place second half of this year. In the interim, to be able to diversify away from having just a bank debt, we've moved into the private placement market. Last year, we made our first foray into that market with a couple hundred million dollars of refinancings and we added to that in the first quarter with another $200 million of debt refinancing as well. And we decided to do fixed debt for this $400 million portion of the portfolio. And we'll likely, re-do the credit agreement with the banks as we make our way through this year on a variable rate basis. So that's the current thinking on the balance sheet and the debt structure.
Arthur Caputo: Yes, Doug. It turns out it's fairly balanced with H-Class. The primary position of H-Class was to bring UPLC downstream into the more routine developmental areas. And that's been the case. Additionally, we introduced a inert [ph] H-Class for the biopharmaceutical segment. So one of the things we've been doing with UPLC is to -- after having spend several years in the developmental side of building the confidence of the technology with our Class ACQUITY was to be ready when they said, 'Okay, we're going to push this into border utilization.' So with H-Class, what we're experiencing is a lot of generic adoption, a lot of adoption in large pharma, quality control, CROs are starting to look at the technology. And in particular, the mass spectrometry driven application, where you see a lot of use in regulated bioanalysis, it turns out over the past several years that UPLC has essentially been adopted as a de facto front end to a mass spectrometer because of the characteristics of extremely small sample volumes, the flows are very amenable to how a mass spectrometry develops its operational capabilities. So I have to say that the most exciting part of our H-Class success has been its broad-based adoption. And it went beyond utilization just in the manufacturing segment we're seeing it used much broadly. And we see no end in sight -- with the order sizes are increasing. Where large multiples, which for us, as is a combination of replacement going on as well as people looking at the developmental areas, using it for new applications. So we have to claim it to be a broader penetration in this particular segment.
Arthur Caputo: Sure. Yes, Tycho. The attached rate -- understand that the H-Class, unlike the original ACQUITY, was marketed to those remaining customers who are still committed or were having more difficult time to convert from LC to UPLC largely due to regulatory context and having to be revalidate and so forth. So the marketing of H-Class with that it was anticipated that we would sell UPLC capability to an HPLC user. That could use it for the 6 to 12 months in either a LC or a UPLC mode. And therefore, have that capability for the future, most HPLCs are purchased with the idea of running them from 5 to 7 years. And once you buy them, you're kind of stuck. So I'll say that the people who buy H-Class with the intention of utilizing it right out of the shoots [ph] for UPLC, the column utilization rates have maintained their consistency at plus 80%, meaning that we see that 80% of the time customer contingency is our own chemistry, which is radically up from our standard HPLC position of about 10%. For those who are starting off with the system to run LC, what we find is, once they do begin to use a system for UPLC, they do utilize our column chemistry at the same rate as one who had decided to do that initially. The columns they use on an HPLC side, that is the method that they were using. About half of our sales appeared to be going in and taking competitive positions. So it's not likely you would have our column in those situations. The other half are old users or people familiar with us and they have a higher majority where originally on our HPLC column consumables in the first place. So that's a rough idea of what's occurring with that product. It doesn't have the purity of use that the original UPLC had. Almost 100% of them were used right out of the shoot as a UPLC system. A little different than with H-Class because we wanted to continue to penetrate the market with that strategy.
Arthur Caputo: Yes. Well, probably the only thing when we first introduced the H-Class, we thought for sure, we're going to see a rapid drop off in conversion to H-Class over Alliance. And to our surprise, even with the high growth of H-Class because of the emerging markets as in Latin America -- into that equation. We find the emerging markets are -- they are beginning to convert now. But they're behind the Western markets in terms of converting from LC to UPLC. But for all intents and purposes, we have essentially maintained our Alliance growth rate at the rate quite comparable to our UPLC rates.
Arthur Caputo: There is a critical component to this industry and with a large portion of our product line being sold and has been sold into the pharmaceutical regulated environment. There's a lot of assays. Every patent for every drug has HPLC data on it. It is used extensively from one end of the spectrum to the other once it comes off patent it moves into generics. Keep in mind that the cost of converting in many cases for very basic analysis of a drug is way too high for a company to implement that. So if they're using an Alliance system with a standard separation. And it's not a critical analysis that could have huge benefits from moving to UPLC. Those stay with Alliance and that life cycle could be quite long. We are the first product of the 70s, that would be [indiscernible]. Those sales are still going strong. There are a lot better columns out there but they're just not going to change those methods. So unlike some industries where you see conversion of products, it is likely HPLC will be around for a lot of these older methods for a long time to come. And to be frank, with the momentum coming out of India, China, and Latin America with a lot of the generics, there's simply adopting the original methods. And it's cost-effective for them to do that. They're not complex separations. HPLC works fine for those applications.
Arthur Caputo: No. We find most of the pharmaceutical companies are running their instruments, as I said, 5 to 7 years, sometimes a little longer. The methods that are being developed are going to be subjected to the same life cycles for their products as it's always been the case. So we have no indication that there will be any shift in those life cycles and people anticipate that they'll maintain the same type of use and depreciation.
Arthur Caputo: Yes, We'd say that Asia, Eastern Europe, some of the Latin American countries, all in sum total probably about a quarter of our business.
Arthur Caputo: Yes, I'd say, if we think about what's changing here year-over-year, I mean, we're certainly putting some incremental headcounts in place in the developing parts of the business. We are beginning to spend a bit more on the discretionary side for promotional activities in the like as we have a number of new products making their way to market. The expectation would be that we would have a point, maybe a couple of points of differential on a full year basis and the growth rate of our expenses versus the top line [indiscernible] on and organic basis. In the second quarter, where we have 5 points of currency on the top line, we're going to have a similar dynamic of growth on the SG&A line. So foreign exchange is going to make a difference in the reported growth. It will give keep up with the top line but the differential will still be there. So I would say, we have flexibility certainly to the extent that the organic growth is greater than what we say. We're not likely to instantly react to that with incremental headcount adds. There will be commissions and variable pay plans that will take a little bit of a bite perhaps out of that but not anything all that meaningful. And then certainly on the downside to the extent that there is an action there we need to deal with, I mean, go back on the discretionary spending. The variable pay programs have come down comparably to the top line. So there's a little bit of flexibility I'd say on the downside as well. But based on what we see right now, I'd say, we're pretty comfortable with the top line number that we have.
Arthur Caputo: So I won't get really specific largely because, as usual, these things are unveiled. But what you can expect to see from us from ASMS this year, we're very focused on continuing enhancement of speed, sensitivity and resolution. Those are the three elements that the people who go to ASMS, show up for one reason and one reason only. The kind of compounds they're working with. They’re looking for the vendors to give them a major improvement in speed, sensitivity and the resolution for the types of compounds that they're working on. So as we look at ASMS this year, both for mass spectrometry as well as UPLC, we're going to be bringing out major improvements in both of those technologies, not only individual capabilities in those specific technologies, but you'll see us beginning to focus on targeted applications using our system strategy. So we'll look at some areas of what we believe will be high activity where we can offer a new system solution that can really offer these customers orders of magnitude in terms of the kind of results that we're getting. So that's the type of direction that we're taking at this year's ASMS. You will see about 2 to 3 major systems offerings targeted in that area.
