Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Ross, as you know the Chinese market is one we watch very closely and is constantly changing in terms of policy and standards and so forth. And I can't speak specifically to the policy changes you're referring to, I am generally familiar with some of those directions and they are consistent where the Chinese government has been in the past. I mean, to the extent the government has an interest in consolidating the generic space, that's being done for the reasons of scale. The government is intent upon increasing patient access to basic medical therapies and in whatever tactic is needed to do that if it's consolidation, if it's regionalization. It's all being driven at that aim and that's all going to drive volume and as you know our small mol business is very much a volume oriented type of business.  And on the other end of the spectrum the promotion of innovation that's clearly happening there is tremendous activity in China around the development of biosimilar companies and even novel drug innovators. And so I think in that way, China is sort of a micro chasm, if you will of what's going in the world, there is business for us at both ends of the volume side of generics and also on the kind of testing intensive side of the innovation. And just in terms of our business in rough terms and we'll update this further at the Investor Day, but in rough terms two-thirds of our business is related to the small molecule world that's sort of generics volume business and one-third relating to the bio molecule development with very little in QA/QC. But we see bio molecules going down that same path, just like our small molecule business grew up around late state development, method development, process development and evolved into manufacturing quality control we see large molecule going down the same path, which is why we're investing so much to make sure that we can serve the market to make that transition. And, at this point both ends of that formula are important to us. Next question please. 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, again thanks Derik for the questions, and I may ask for a clarification on the pull forward part of it. But let me jump into the academic government. We did have a -- as you know really kind of a strong year if you will in academic and government at 7% growth with a little less growth at the end of the year. And that was really a function of Europe, but we actually had growth in the U.S. and strong growth in China and Asia in academic and government in the quarter, which really reflected a pattern all year along with a little bit of softness in Europe. In Europe it probably reflects more that wait and see kind of tone in some of the markets related to some of the macro conditions that's about as good of a thought I can have there. There is a bit of a mix in the academic and government sector between biomedical research where it's been weaker and pharma discovery where it's been stronger. And again for reference keep in mind, our academic and government is a significantly smaller part of our portfolio than everything else and even within that our academic and government business is about two-thirds or more academic and university and therefore the government piece is smaller. But, we're watching that closely and like I said earlier it was nice in Europe, even though it was a little bit of soft year than we expected that pharma was a -- could offset that some a little bit as well. So from a Brexit standpoint, we watch Brexit closely, I have been very tuned into this since the beginning. As you point out we have a large research facility in Wilmslow in the UK. There is obviously a range of possibilities as to what could happen with the article 50 process and while it seems that most more recent political events have made a hard Brexit probably less likely because I think politicians on both sides are sort of in violent agreement, if you will, that a hard Brexit is the worst scenario and whether it's a pause or whether it's a renegotiation or whether it's even a new referendum, there is a lot of other things that could happen. But even with that, we've decided that it's prudent to prepare a contingency plan for short-term disruption in the case of a hard Brexit. And so we are well down the path on that contingency plan and that plan is simply designed to maintain our servicing of customers. About 4% of our worldwide revenue is in the UK and obviously you can imagine there would be some forward stocking just to prepare for any disruptions. And then furthermore on the export side making sure that we have plenty of inventory, finished goods inventory that comes from the UK, outside the UK. I will say that over time, we have involved the majority of our mass spec production out of the UK into Ireland and other places. And so really Wilmslow is primarily research and development facility with some smaller volume high res lines that we can certainly manage through in that type of a scenario. So, while I think a hard Brexit personally is a very low probability, we're just trying to be prudent in preparing for that. But on the pull forward question and I'm happy to get a clarifying point from you on that. I don't really see evidence of that particularly in Europe. So, I think if we -- if there was more of a pull forward dynamic, we probably would have seen stronger results in Europe, but I just -- I think the people are more in a wait and see mode is how I'd characterize it.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. China, I wasn't thinking about China when you asked the question, but that's perfectly fair. And again, don't have a lot of evidence of unusual pull forward or a flush of any type there. The business throughout the fourth quarter in China reflected more typical Q4 type dynamics.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, thanks, Doug. Appreciate it. On TA when you roll the whole Europe, it was a really solid year of growing 7% and it was growth in 7% for the quarter. And as you recall from Q3, we had a little bit of a dip down to the low single-digits for TA. Sales growth in the quarter although we felt strongly enough that that was a temporary dip that was really based on a different mix of inventory at the end of the quarter that we identified the fact that all underlying orders growth was consistent in Q3 as it was in the first half. And really when you roll i8t together I think that that's exactly what played out in terms of both order and sales growth for the year being really solid right in the range that we reported. And in terms of 2019, we're making the same type of forecast of a risk adjusted number. I don't want to give you a specific number and -- but I would say TA ought to perform at least at the company average. We're in a good product position there. The business continues to diversify.  One experience I had also recently being in the field calling on customers is the increase in tech companies for example buying our thermal analysis, rheology and even as they work to develop better materials for various computer type products utilizing the Waters chemical analysis, particularly the gel permeation chromatography type product line. So, our materials franchise is broader than TA. And it does feel to me over time that that industry market is diversifying to include other sectors besides the traditional chemicals and polymers and inorganic side of the business. Related to mass spec, I don't really want to break out the details on the specific growth, but what I would say about mass spec is it was better in Q4 than it was in Q3 and Q3 was better than the first half. And furthermore, our orders performance in Q4 was better than our sales performance. And so, I think we are heading into the year with -- on a little stronger footing and we certainly expect our mass spec product line to contribute to growth in the year ahead, where it in aggregate didn't contribute all that much growth in 2018. So certainly very excited about the product cycle, BioAccord, as I mentioned before, we have a new super high resolution mass spec technology coming out during the year as well as some other things that I don't want to comment on yet. So anyway, thanks Doug, appreciate the questions. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thank you, Sung Ji. I think that's correct. I think we're -- to me the end market outlook is more of a baseline. And certainly as we experienced this year you always make assumptions and those assumptions can change. And so, we try to make sort of risk-based assumptions coming into the year and not assuming everything goes, right. But for the most part in general sense, we feel that the end markets are reasonably stable. And certainly if there is some incremental growth this year, it is based on a better product position. We certainly don't have a crystal ball, if you will that's better than anybody else as it relates to macro conditions. But in terms of what we can control and what is different at Waters heading into this year is the product position in terms of the new launches both in 2018 as well as the ones that I've alluded to and mentioned in 2019. I guess, furthermore, I'd say the other thing we've done alongside of the -- on market preparation relative to these launches is we've really invested in our commercial operations. I'm very pleased with a number of things we're doing across the board in our commercial operations around the world in terms of we built a new sales operations functions, we have a new sales enablement process so that by the time technology hits the market our teams are really ready to go. And furthermore, we've supplemented headcount in our field operations on both the sales and service side as we've talked about in the past. And so, it's really a total team effort and a 360 degree process of getting ready for this type of new launch cadence. And I think that's probably what's -- probably what would explain better growth in 2018 versus -- 2019 versus 2018.  And Sherry, go ahead. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, maybe I'll take -- thanks, Steve. I'll take a quick one on SG&A and Sherry can certainly add to that plus talk about the guide a little bit. If you look at the overall body of work in 2018, I think we managed the P&L very well to gain some modest operating leverage, while investing heavily in R&D.  And as we got into the fourth quarter in part given some variable expense dynamics, as well as the investments pre-market, if you will ahead of the BioAccord launch that ticked up a little bit. But we have a number of levers to pull relative to cost initiatives and we're doing more than ever before in the company. Now in our third year of kind of a new type of budgeting cycle to really make sure we're pivoting resources and allocating resources to the things that give us the best chance for growth. And so, I think we're comfortable that we'll continue to manage our P&L, our SG&A well and over any reasonable rolling period like we saw in 2018, get that balance right. So Sherry, I don't know if you want to say more about that plus the guide.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thank you, Dan and we'll finish with the question on China there. So China for the quarter Dan grew about 15%, so that was a really solid result on a similar result a year ago. So like we've commented on China was pretty solid, very solid all year along. And that growth was really led by pharma, which was north of that growth rate.  And also the academic and government sector within China which certainly represents a number of things within the portfolio material science, food testing and that happens in the academic and government labs. The industrial business was a little bit softer in China relative to the overall growth rate, but very much led by pharma and academic in government. In terms of the year ahead, I would just reemphasize kind of our typical approach here and as I alluded to earlier, we -- our Chinese geography has outperformed in recent years and we always enter the year with numbers that are a little more modest than we have ended up with and obviously it's a dynamic environment like I said earlier we don't have any incremental new information on impact of trade or tariffs relative to what we have been seeing all along. So we follow news as closely as we can, but really try to stick to what we can control and that's investing in our people, it's investing in our training, it's investing in our demo labs and I think that market has shown an appetite for growth in innovation in fact one of the first units of BioAccord, we shipped was actually over to China. And so that market is attune to the technology that is coming out and is needed to progress all the innovation that's happening there. So we just try to follow the strong pace of innovation and because there's a lot of innovation in China, we're continuing to invest in that market. 
Christopher O'Connell: So, thanks for that question and let me all -- let me wrap up in the interest of time and just say thank you for all of your questions. I enjoyed engaging with all of you. In conclusion, all of us at Waters are focused on an exciting year of growth and innovation in 2019. As we discussed on the call our top-line expectations are grounded and what appear to be stable market conditions and are headline by a compelling new product cycle that has resulted from our diligent investments in R&D.  As always we're also focused on continuing to deliver on reliable earnings performance based on our organic growth and supported by our enhanced capital deployment program. So on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day on February 28, and then to further update you on our progress during our first quarter conference call, which we currently anticipate holding on April 23, 2019. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Sherry Buck: Yes, Sung Ji, maybe just to put a little bit macro perspective around it. When you think about our business our recurring revenues represent about 50%. And our recurring revenues grew this year 6%. So if you think about our guide range of the 4% to 6% that gets you halfway there. And so, then the other levers that Chris talked about then would be improvements in some of the geographies that we saw momentum towards the end of the year and the continued solid market dynamics and then the impact of new product introductions. So that might give you some parameters to think about.
Sherry Buck: Dan, the way we've looked at our capital allocation as you know the U.S. Tax Reform is a real game changer for us as we got access to our cash. And this year we started ramping up our share repurchases. And we've talked about this year working towards the 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio. Our guidance for the full year we've assumed about $2.5 billion. So that wouldn't get you to that kind of leverage at this guidance point. But what we're going to do is, we're going to evaluate throughout the course of the year. There's lots of dynamics here. So, we've given you guidance also for Q1 and as the year unfolds, as we look at our performance, what our investment needs are, and opportunities are macro factors, et cetera, we will kind of adjust it accordingly.
Sherry Buck: Sure. So probably characterized first, just kind of overall operating margin leverage as we look at it. And I'd say, we really look at kind of the two big factors as our top line growth goals that we have, and then what are our needs to invest in the business to drive that top line growth. And then there's obviously other factors such as whatever FX fall through throughout the course of the year and offsetting inflation, et cetera. And so, as we set our plan for this year of the 4% to 6% revenue guide, and then our EPS growth, we look to be able to deliver modest operating margin improvement. If you look at our 2018 results where we ended the year with about 4% constant currency growth, we were still able to deliver about 50 basis points of operating income improvement. So those are kind of the factors that we look at because as we learned from 2018, there's a lot of moving parts. So we really set out to within our revenue guide just to have some modest operating leverage as we look at the different levers we have to pull.
Sherry Buck: Yes. So it's a great question. So we have a big investment that's a five year project with the Taunton Chemistry Operation. This year, we'll probably spent about $11 million related to that from CapEx, but it's a five year program and would be $200 million over the five year period. Next year, we probably expect spending about $90 million on the Taunton facility. However, we are calling that out as an adjustment from our cash flow. So really looking at it as a major facility investments as we've done with some of our other major facilities, for example, in Wilmslow and other areas.  So if you kind of strip that out and really look at it, as we look at our cash flow. In general, we've looked to grow our cash flow in line with our top-line. And our depreciation historically is around 2% to 2.5% of sales. And I'd say, we'd expect that kind of operating CapEx probably towards the higher end of that in 2019.
Sherry Buck: So I'll address your question on the guide for Q1. I'd say there is a couple of factors in Q1 that is impacting the overall EPS growth, a comment I talked about is the tax rate. So just to put the tax rate in perspective, last year is our first year coming out of Tax Reform, we guided to 13% to 15% tax rate, as you know with our current results we ended at the low end of that range with a variety of factors around evolving a clarification on Tax Reform some discrete items and kind of the mix of our business. So, for full year next year, we're guiding to a full year tax rate in the range of 14% to 15%, just kind of narrowing that. But in the first quarter kind of that range of the tax rate has a bigger effect in Q1 because last year we had an exceptionally low tax rate it was about 11%.  So as you look at the flow of our EPS from Q1 and then look at that in contrast to the full year the tax rate is definitely has a bigger impact in Q1. And then I'd say the second item in Q1 would be the impact of FX, it's about a 3% headwind in the first quarter and kind of overall you're seeing more impact in the first half on the FX than in the full year. So I'd say those would be the two big factors. 
