Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. In summary, we're very pleased with our performance. Demand has continued to be robust across our resilient end markets and geographies. This together with our strong commercial execution and refreshed portfolio is allowing us to consistently deliver excellent results. Once again, we're raising our full-year sales guidance from a prior range of 9.5% to 10.%, now to 11.5% to 12%. In closing, I would like to point out that our 2022 ESG report will be released next week. At Waters, we're proud to have been widely recognized as an ESG leader. We believe that we all have a part to play in leading the world better than we found it from decreasing our environmental footprint to becoming more representative of the society we live in. This year we've made further progress towards our goals, delivering approximately 60% of our electricity from renewable or low carbon sources. We launched the Water Student Academy and are partnering with three historically black colleges and universities to provide STEM education and career opportunities. We also conducted broad stakeholder engagement in our comprehensive materiality assessment. We are proud that our new state-of-the-art chemical manufacturing facility in Taunton, Massachusetts was recognized by the U.S. Green Building Council as the only lead certified facility of its kind in the state and among the small number in the United States. While there is always more work to be done in ESG, I'm proud of the progress we've made. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Udit Batra: Sure. So Vijay, firstly, thank you. Look, from a demand perspective, I mean, we are operating in very resilient end markets, right? I mean, starting with pharma, which is 60% of our business. And I'll remind you that we are more levered to late stage development and QA/QC. Pharma continues to grow and even if there is a downturn, people don't stop consuming medicines, right? So I think that we believe is a very strong place to be. Second is our industrial business, which over the years has transformed and is heavily focused on our food and environmental and increasingly the TA business on battery testing and the need for safe food, clean water, especially with PFAs testing, as well as battery testing is our salient drivers. So roughly 80% of our business is levered towards, I would say, resilient end markets. Now in those rather resilient growing end markets, I think there are water specific drivers that I'd like to point out that gave us confidence in continued outperformance, right? So if you just simply start with our commercial initiatives, right? I mean, we see those continuing to add value over the next couple of years, be it instrument replacement, be it e-commerce, which is well over 30% now from a 20% starting point for our consumables revenue. But we think we're going to end up north of 55% over the next few years. CDMO footprint has increased quite nicely over the -- on a stacked basis over the last two to three years that, that portion of the business has grown double the rate of the overall business, almost 20%. So we think our commercial initiatives have run way number one in these strong markets. Second, as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, innovation is really contributing well to our growth. And that is a driver that will continue to contribute, right? I mean, starting with pharma, we of course talk about our Arc HPLC, but then what gives me even more confidence is our increased focus on biologics, right? And that is one of the most salient drivers of growth for pharma. Over 30% of our pharma business now is levered towards large molecules with now the launch of MaxPeak premier columns, now increasingly focused on the MassSpec business. I remember when I joined, folks told me what is going to do about the MassSpec business, then two years later, I mean, you see strong, strong outperformance in our MassSpec business. I mean, instruments grew this quarter 21%, MassSpec almost touched 40% with Xevo TQ Absolute really solving problems for our customers in detecting increasingly low quantities of PFAs. So the MassSpec portfolio is contributing very nicely to the growth of the business. I can go on the innovation side, but I feel very good about where we stand from an innovation standpoint. And then finally, the third specific driver for Waters is our adjacencies. I pointed out the increased traction we have for BioAccord, not just in QA/QC, but upstream in clone selection in selection of and detection of raw materials for bioprocessing and there's a lot of traction for simplified LCMS in -- from our customers. And finally, despite the, sort of, turbulent environment, be it rolling shutdowns, due to COVID in China or the geopolitical challenges in Europe, we've been able to navigate through these extremely well. So that gives me confidence that from a macro perspective in these resilient end markets, I mean, what does this commercial execution, really now supported by strong innovation and increased traction in our adjacencies gives me a lot of confidence that in the future, we'll see even more robust performance. And really, I mean, I'll end here. Look, faster instrument growth and don't ask me when this slows down, it looks really good. Orders were again higher than sales. This looks really good, but it bodes well for what we see in the future for our consumables business, especially service which we've been focusing on a lot. So I hope that gives you clarity on why we have so much confidence and we raised the full-year guidance, as well on constant currency growth.
Udit Batra: It’s a fantastic question, near and dear to my heart. Look, I have made it a point to go to many of the conferences that, that many of the technical conferences like the AAPS, this is the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientist, where I went recently the Bioprocess International, the AACR just to talk to customers directly and not just drink our own Cool Aid. And I can tell you our MassSpec portfolio is solving fairly significant unmet needs across the portfolio. Now we've talked about LC in the past, Arc HPLC and ACQUITY Premier, what they do for especially ACQUITY Premier and MaxPeak Premier columns? What they do for biologics testing? On the MassSpec side, you can go across the portfolio. High res portfolio, our cyclic IMS, is the only instrument that is able to analyze molecules by shape and size, which is quite an important attribute to have as you're looking at larger molecules and that's direct feedback from our -- from some of our top customers. And Cyclic has been doing very well recently. The MRT, which we launched recently, the multi reflecting ToF is in its early innings. We've also got the license for Charge Detection MassSpec. And we feel very good about our IRS portfolio as a consequence. Second, the application of tandem quartz, this is sort of the workhorse instruments in the industry, right? I mean, I already talked about Xevo TQ Absolute and the Waters Connect Black -- Waters Connect software that we developed for our Xevo TQXS, which is the food -- which is level towards the food testing environment. This is a very deliberate effort, Dan, right? I mean, the challenges in environmental testing with increasing the sensitive, increasing amount of sensitivity required for PFAs testing is something that's known to all of us and it's an unmet need across all geographies and we are just seeing the start of that on build up. So we expect that to grow very nicely over the next couple of years. Second, on the food testing side, our customers came to us and said, look, we want to be able to do our testing faster and quantitative faster and the Waters Connect platform, especially with MASK-1, with the MASK-1 application speeds up the process by 50% again, a very deliberate focus on unmet needs for our customers. And then finally, we've talked about BioAccord, which was initially launched in the QA/QC environment. Of course, it has traction as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with several large pharmaceutical companies, but not just in QA/QC, now for clone selection with our collaboration with Sartorius, Wwe've already placed several instruments and there's a very large number of seeds out there and we think the seed conversion is going to be pretty high in this case for a clone selection, and we have seen increasingly customers use it to test raw materials against something I pointed out in my prepared remarks. And again, the pipeline of pharmaceuticals is roughly 40% towards large molecules. And the use of a simplified LCMS method with create great workflows is something that we expect to contribute to for many, many years to come. So across the portfolio and I'm really focused on elaborating on MassSpec now, we've talked about LC in the past. We feel extremely, extremely good about what it's doing in the pharma space for towards biologics, but also how it's helping us revive the growth in food and environmental and the academic segments. Thank you for the question, I could go on forever, I mean, being an engineer, I can get into a lot more details, but I think this is -- I'll stop here and I hope that gives you some flavor of why we're so confident about what we're doing.
Udit Batra: Matt, it's an excellent question. Something that we think about and talk about a lot in our team. Look, make no mistake there are rolling lockdowns across China going on even now. That said, we have as I mentioned previously, we have a very strong leadership in China that we brought in over the last couple of years. And we've managed to navigate these lockdowns really well. And I hope -- and I think that's not going to change over the next few quarters as this continues. Now just looking at the facts, I mean, year-to-date, China is going roughly 16%, I mean, this quarter was roughly 23% and the growth -- and again, I focus more on now what is specific factors. I mean, the growth is driven by our strong commercial execution, the instrument replacement driven by our Arc HPLC. And now MassSpec has contributed to the revival of the academic segment where the business has almost doubled and the industrial segment as well, right? So been very good about what we're doing across end markets, not just in pharma. Our contract manufacturing initiative has done extremely well. And we started in China with strong growth with a biologics manufacturer, biologics contract manufacturer there. The commercial execution has been going extremely well in China. Innovation is contributing like everywhere else geographically. The MassSpec tandem quad portfolio has again helped us grow the food and environmental and the electronics testing market. And then finally, as we look ahead, we feel that the fact that we've been able to navigate through these ups and downs gives us a lot of confidence as things ease up that we will continue to accelerate in China. So China remains a strong growth market for us. We feel very good with the leadership we've had and the execution we've had that we can manage the volatility that we've seen so far.
Udit Batra: Luke, thanks for the question. Look, I mnea, let me just start with some context and then I'll answer your question, right? I mean, when we started our transformation process CDMOs were, I would say, less than 20% of our pharma business. And we worked -- and this is, as you know, one of the most dynamic segments for the pharma business. Over the last couple of years, we worked extremely hard to build tools, systems, processes and go after that customer segment. And the growth in that segment over the last two years has been double the dynamic growth that you see, right? So if you see our three year stacked growth number, it's almost double-digit, it's about 9%. CDMO growth has been close to 20% right? So the overall demand for us and our value proposition in that market has been recognized very widely. And the value proposition I'll remind you is not just one of pricing and giving better lease terms, it's actually a technical value proposition, meaning as more complex molecules are transferred from pharma and others into CDMO, our scientists are working hand in hand with our CDMO customers to help them transfer those processes from the Pfizer and the Merck’s and the AstraZeneca’s of the world. So the value proposition is recognized, we've done extremely well so far. And yes, we're following the volatility in the CDMO market. Now I'll give you an example, right? So global CDMOs like any other multi-national have global footprints now, right? And if there is a geopolitical driven volatility, for instance, either in China or in the United States, what we are seeing is if any of our customers, CDMO customers is starting to look at diversifying their footprint, they're coming to us and saying, hey, I'm no longer going to expand my facility, as an example, in China or no longer going to do it in the U.S., I'm going to actually diversify to Ireland or diversify to Singapore they come to us first. And so for us, the overall demand given our deep relationships with our top customers in the CDMO space, has not fluctuated, right? So we find that to be a very strong growth segment for us. It might just shift geographically given all the geopolitical challenges that are occurring. And with a lot of repatriation, our CDMO customers are diversifying. So hope that clarifies why we still remain confident that while individual geographies might suffer a little bit. We pick up the volume in other geographies. And by and large, none of our customers have come back so far and said, hey, we want to slowdown.
Udit Batra: Yes. So let me start and then I'll hand it over to Amol. So we had started with the aspiration, Luke of increasing our service attachment rates by and it's already industry leading. We wanted to expand it by about 1,000 basis points, meaning 10 percentage points. We've already done 200 basis points so far in the last year and a half or so. We still see a long runway of increasing our attach rates and this is through many different tactics, right? So quoting at the point of sale, having automated renewal, and several other tactics that I won't discuss openly due to competitive reasons. We feel extremely good about the increasing attach rates for any installed base that we have. Now with such terrific instrument growth with LC, with MassSpec double-digit over on a stack basis, I mean 21% year-to-date, soorry 19% year-to-date, 21% for the quarter. We feel very good that we should see that flow through in the service business over the next few years. I know Amol is super enthusiastic about this and he gets very analytical with our teams and says, you've grown your base this much, your service should go up this much. I'll let him comment a little bit.
Udit Batra: Yes. And just to sort of summarize, Luke, the simplest way to think about it is if we replace 100 instruments, 20 to 30, closer to 30 these days are new customers and new users, right? And they will then convert into service revenue, de novo service revenue, add on top better service performance with increased attachment rates gives us confidence that the increased installed base, especially the newer ones are going to add incrementally to service growth over the coming years. And of course, consumables attachment is an added benefit.
Udit Batra: Rachel, on the orders to sales ratio, right? So our orders have again grown more than the sales this particular quarter. So orders were higher than sales. Again we have not seen, I would say, any sort of significant change in order patterns so far this year. I mean, it's a very robust pipeline, we're very -- and again, I'll remind you, I mean, we're not dealing with volatile end markets. Close to 80% of our end markets are highly, highly resilient. Second, our products are very innovative, right? I mean, we are now meeting unmet needs for our customers, right? So we don't expect customers to stop ordering the Xevo TQ Absolute, because they need it and it's the most sensitive instrument in the space for testing PFAs. We don't expect customers to stop ordering Xevo TQ XS with Waters Connect, because it's 50% faster than any competitive instrument in terms of analysis. We don't expect them to stop ordering ACQUITY Premier or Arc HPLC given the benefits that they get. So innovative products in resilient demand segments don't seem to be impacted by what you are pointing out. So we are not seeing any of that. And I think it could be a water specific thing. I mean, as I mentioned earlier, the demand overall is good, but we also think we are doing some specific things, which are deliberately improving our traction with our customers, especially from an innovation standpoint.
Udit Batra: So Michael, I can give you the algorithm, and I'm going to disappoint you that I'm not going to give you very, very deep specifics on each of these. So just to review the drivers, right? First, I mean, the end markets that we serve are resilient and robust, as you know, right? So 80% as I've talked repeatedly are pretty robust and we feel good about the resiliency of these end markets. Now whatever that number is historically been X and now it's definitely X plus delta X, some of it driven by volume and some of it also driven by increased pricing, right? So take that as a starting point. Then from a Water specific standpoint, there are three different contributors. We had said at our Analyst Day about 100 basis points, you can expect probably a bit higher this particular year from our commercial initiatives, instrument replacement, CDMO, service, as well as e-commerce, all of those are contributing quite handsomely and so definitely north of 100 hundred basis points this year. What we're seeing very nicely now dovetailed into that is the second independent driver, which is innovation, right? And I took some time today and I’ve -- and we had a big debate internally how much we should elaborate, but I felt it was necessary given the questions that I think you guys have asked on the durability of growth. Innovation is really, really contributing already significantly, right? MaxPeak Premier fastest launch in Waters' history in terms of columns. And we've been launching columns since 1970 and some of them are still in the market and this one's done better than anything they’ve launched. Second, the MassSpec portfolio is totally revived and we're definitely in the early innings of extraction. PFAs testing is a significant need for water testing and we have the best instrument in class. So really feel good about that and we didn't talk much about TA today, right? But TA has also revitalized innovation with our powder rheology instrument that test powders that go into coating, anodes and cathodes for battery testing. So feel extremely good about it, I won't give you a number, I mean, likely in Q4, we can comment looking backwards on what the contribution has been from innovation, but innovation is contributing handsomely. The adjacencies now, again, a question that I think several of you've asked, how good is attraction? I took some time today to talk about BioAccord, I mean, the same thing we see with batteries. We're starting to see with LCMS, I was at the AACR, this is the American Association of Clinical Research in Chicago with the team and there's a strong demand from our spec for early disease detection in the clinical space. So again, the different adjacencies are starting to contribute. And remember, we said that they will more meaningfully contribute beyond 2024, but we're already starting to see them contribute. And that I think overall explains the beyond market performance. And I think, again, we took some time to give you the three-year stacked growth rate, because I mean short-term changes quarter-on-quarter can sort of dilute the outperformance. But if you look at it on a stack basis, on a two to three year basis, we're outperforming quite significantly the peer group. So I hope that gives you clarity and helps you think through how the demand is going to shape up for the coming years.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So, Vijay, look, I mean, on the gross margin line that are sort of four vectors that are playing out, right? There is FX, there is a higher instrument mix, there is new product launches, and then there is the pricing inflation dynamics that I just discussed. And each of these vectors are going to be accretive in driving gross margin expansion in the times to come. I mean, on the FX side, we really feel excited about the fact that despite this headwind, the business has rallied to find ways to offset the impact of exchange rate. And when the exchange rates normalize, you will see a much more pronounced impact on the margin, because of the resilience that has already played out in our 2022 numbers. On the instrument mix, I mean, it's a great problem to have. While this instrument growth is creating somewhat of a headwind on the margin today, it is going to drive accretive recurring gross margin growth from chemistry and service in the future. We've seen also great growth from our new products and it sort of underscores that innovation matters in this space. But as you can understand, anytime when you launch new products, they haven't gone through the typical value engineering cycle that they go at Waters like we've gone through with Alliance. And we will see that play out on the gross margin of these newer products in the coming years. And then the last piece is the pricing inflation dynamics, right? And there, the pricing gains are systemic, we've built muscle in terms of systems and processes to drive pricing gains more than what we have historically driven, which was 50 basis points to 75 basis points. And on the other hand, a lot of inflation is spot buys. And as the electronic component market, sort of, normalizes, some of this spot buy pressure will go away again providing tailwind to the gross margin. So overall, I mean, we are still on track where we say, look, I mean, we will have about 100 basis points of margin expansion in the underlying business between volume leverage, mix and productivity gains. And we will reinvest 70 basis points to 80 basis points of those gains in nurturing our higher growth adjacencies in the near-term.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. And then covering on the margin, right? So I think at this stage, we feel really good about where each of our initiatives are? I mean, our volume leverage is working with a strong instrument growth this year, we think that will have an accretive mix impact on the recurring revenue, bringing better gross margin profile next year. We do see, sort of, the level of spot buys slowing down and we have gained a lot of confidence and comfort in the systems and processes that we've implemented for pricing. So all of that will enable us to stay on the track that we outlined at our Investor Day, which is still roughly 100 basis points of underlying margin expansion with a 70 basis points to 80 basis points of reinvestment in higher growth adjacencies.
Amol Chaubal: And good to add to that, Matt, right? For Q3, China benefited with a lower baseline, because of the $12 million shipment delay last year, so that's about 10 percentage points of growth. But at the same time, they did have a headwind from some of the newer lockdowns, so one has to keep that in mind. And as Udit outlined, you know, for us, the team is executing really well and working towards a mid-teens growth profile for the year.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. So I mean, what we've done is we've looked at sort of our product profile and we've gone through bill of materials for pretty much every product and gone through secondary and tertiary supply chains and identified hotspots where a certain component that travels through the supply chain is sort of in shortage. And there, we've gone deep to build relationships with the primary supplier and have secured quantities that will last us for longer than usual times, right? And where possible we have built alternative supplies especially for electronic components and where possible we will also build geographical diversification. So you're sort of not stuck in a lockdown in China or in a place where you have a sole source. Now that has put some pressure on inventory, because we've sort of accumulated this inventory in preparation for the demand that we are seeing on the instrument side and in preparation for potential supply disruptions that may be caused by COVID or other sort of macroeconomic events. But at this point, we feel really good where supply chain stands, right, progressively a lot of the yellows have been resolved and things are sort of between green and yellow on most of the items.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Luke, I mean, it's a great question. And the way we look at it is, let's say, when you grow instruments by 21% your installed base doesn't grow by 21%, right? Because the installed base on an average is, let's say, seven years, and so you get a 3% bump if all these instruments were new placements. But close to 70% or 80% of them are replacements. So they are sort of not adding to the installed base, the new ones are. But also on the ones that you replace, you expect higher utilization at least on chemistry. So all of these become available to what you can drive your recurring revenue on. And as we've pointed out on service, we've been very successful 200 basis points last year and this year, we said we would do 100 basis points and we already did 100 basis points in the first half of the year. And again, there one has to think not all of it is incremental revenue, because these customers are already buying spare parts from us outside of the plants. So the incremental revenue is sort of a fraction of what the attachment rate would bring. But overall, with this great instrument growth, we feel really excited how much recurring revenue we can drive both on chemistry, as well as on service in the years to come.
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean, in general, our thinking is, first of all, we want to be absolutely financially disciplined and make sure that on a risk adjusted basis any transaction creates value for our shareholders. And then in terms of financing, we want to stay investment grade as much as possible or even lower. So that the interest rates have gone up and that can create a dilutive impact on EPS accretion. But as long as we are sort of within investment grade, we should be able to thread the needle.
