Udit Batra: Firstly, thanks Dan and good morning. Look, we are very pleased with the first quarter, and as we look at the rest of the year, I mean as Mike also mentioned, the pandemic is still ongoing, that's the first consideration. Second we saw pent up demand we released in Q1 which had five extra days, so that grew our base quite nicely. And the second half has a higher comp which makes us prudent as we guide towards the full year. Now of course, if our initiatives continue to do what they're doing and we see good execution there, and the other end markets continue to improve, we would be on the higher end of that guidance. So I think to me it's a prudent or to use another word, wise guidance, which basically takes these factors into account.
Udit Batra: Sure. I think first on new products. I'm very excited about our whole portfolio across LC, across mass spec, across informatics. In terms of overall quantitation, I mean I think as we look at the contribution, it's probably 2% to 3%, is it a bit higher or bit lower, I think you would have to do very sophisticated math, but it's 2% to 3% contribution. And that's quite impressive, especially on the LC side given the launch has just took place, right? So for Arc HPLC, it was launched only in June of last year, smack in the middle of the pandemic and that has had great uptake especially in China for general purpose HPLC. And then that ACQUITY Premier, the columns were launched last year and we saw, I would say absolutely terrific uptake, in fact better than the ACQUITY launched originally. And then finally, as I look at the mass spec growth, I mean our replacement initiative is doing well, especially with the launch of our renewed Tandem Quad portfolio. So, really lot to be excited about on the new products side.
Udit Batra: And then I think one closing remark on that Doug, just reminding you how we talked about the transformations and we said look we want to get our top line growth back first. This is such a gate business and such a good install based, there’s tons of leverage in the P&L that allows us to invest without any dilution. And you’re seeing the sustainability of the business as we recover our topline, and it’s not just towards this last year Q1, it’s also on a stack basis across many different segments and geographies.
Udit Batra: Brandon, thank you. From an e-commerce, basically just search engine optimization and paid search we saw a 45% increase according to our own numbers and I know you look at it independently as well on the number eye balls coming on to our site. It's very difficult to translate that, as you know, into the exact impact on revenues, so I won't attempt that, but you can imagine the largest impact is on the consumable side. And especially, with newer products it’s worked out extremely well having the ability to drive more people onto the channel and find out more information, leading to purchase and a great uptake for our ACQUITY Premier launch. Now, in terms of the overall plan for e-commerce, I mean this is just a start. Right? So, remember I had said early on that we want to take the hand we have and do the best we can with it at the beginning as we make our plans to revitalize our platforms and I mentioned a couple of those investments in the previous question as well. So we do believe that investing in a data lake that takes all unstructured and structured data from different parts of the organization and putting that into an easily accessible middle layer will help us service our e-commerce customers better. We do believe investing in content even more is going to lead to better conversion on the e-commerce channel. We do believe investing in mobile is going to lead to a better conversion. So, you can see that there are some infrastructural investments that we have started to look at and as the organization becomes stronger and stronger, you’ll start to see us invest in those. So the e-commerce plan as of few phases is the first one was just to get the quick wins and we’re not done with that yet that’s just the start. And there is a long term plan that will build a world class e-commerce platform for Waters. Hope that helped.
Udit Batra: Patrick, you know that I won’t take that, I won’t talk too much about the size and the exact ideas and the exact domains. I mean in general, you can assume that the part of the market we’re in is a good mid-single-digit grower. I mean we have a bit of catch up to do, so you’ll see us doing better than that in the short to midterm given the initiatives we've put in place, and the market share we’ve had to, we want to climb back and gain. Right? So, I think that will be the first lift. As you look at the adjacencies there are ones that fundamentally go faster like molecular diagnostics, like bioprocessing and bioreagents and we are looking at each of those categories to see how we can organically enter those, how we can do partnerships and also looking at inorganic ideas. I mean, the process has begun and you’ll hear more about it as we progress further with concrete ideas.
Udit Batra: Yes, thanks. I'm sure of picking it up Josh. Look, LC, the 8000 number was HPLC and UPLC only and especially on the Waters Instrument. And when you talk about innings, if you're talking about baseball, probably we are in the third inning. There’s a lot more work to do and lot more to pick up there. And we haven't done that in past. We haven’t replaced our own instruments. So, I mean we are going in and it’s working out super well, especially with the new products being available as well and both on the HPLC side and the UPLC side. So, we’re very happy with where we are there. To your question on competitor instruments, definitely that’s the second step and then there’s a third step everybody and anybody who is using Empower, that probably also hits the competitor set. So there is a large installed base and anytime somebody is trying to replace an HPLC or UPLC, you should expect Waters to be in that conversation, especially and then this is especially important given that Empower is installed as the most ubiquitous CDS system. So, we are going to leverage the strength of Empower to try and make sure that we have a seat at the table virtually everywhere. The second thing that I wanted to add is from an instrument perspective. I mean, don't forget mass spec. Mass spec also has an older army of instruments that we've sold over many years, and there too, we completely renewed our Tandem Quad portfolio in 2019 and we're using that to get in and have conversations with our customers. So, that also – that probably is in your baseball analogy in the first innings and that's also started off very well. So, expect to hear more as the year progresses and we do intend to make sure that that continues and gets tracked very carefully. And the last piece on that that I'll add, this is also to a previous question on the areas we are investing in, we've been invested in basically collecting all the data that we have on the installed base, be it Empower based, be it Instrument based, and of course to automate it and to make it readily usable you have to invest in technology and that's what we're doing. I hope that gives you more color. 
UditBatra: Yes, absolutely, I mean super happy with China, especially given the pandemic is still not over and our colleagues have really done a great job of implementing our initiatives, and some of that is contributing to the growth. I mean it's terrific growth across all segments, especially Pharma which doubled and then you saw Industrial also grew very nicely. And Academic and Government was in the mid 70%. Right? So, with that said, what I would argue is Pharma is continuing to show strength. Industrial is also starting to get stronger especially in the TA business. Academic and Government on a stack basis still has some work to do. Right? So, we still want to make sure that we focus on it as the market recovers. And then I look at the portfolio side, Instruments grew very nicely, as you again saw from the prepared remarks. And the consumables portion of the business was in the mid-40s in terms of percentage growth. Look, as I look at our -- the implementation of our initiatives that I mentioned earlier, they are contributing nicely. We singled out the Food market in the past for commentary when we talked about transformations, so let me just comment on that. We saw incredible growth in the contract testing market for Food both in the Government segment and with new customers. Right? Remember I spoke about that when we talked about the transformation plan. And with the CDMO segment some of our best performance is in China. And then finally I have a lot to thank in terms of our leadership in China. We have a new leader in China and really has renewed focus on growth. That said, I would caution against taking two data points of recovery and saying that we have completely turned the business. We still remained focused, but I'm very happy with the start.
UditBatra: I didn't answer your question for the full year, full year I think no reason to expect anything less than high-teens in China and that would be a very good stacked growth as well versus last year.
UditBatra: Yes, yes, so Tycho, excellent point. I mean and then I think there are many things to be happy about on the Instrument side, right? I mean if we place more Instruments, we get more consumables and more service down the line and we saw a very nice recovery. It is a mix of everything. Right? So, we saw a recovery front, seeing continued strength in Pharma, but we also saw a nice recovery in Industrials and also in Academia. In terms of the contribution, our initiatives have been doing extremely well. Our LC replacement initiative and now we have added the mass spec initiative as well, is doing super well. And that is now being helped by the launch of Arc HPLC and ACQUITY Premier which are allowing us to focus both on the general purpose segment, but also on the UPLC segment. So, it's very difficult to extract how much is coming from -- going and finding only replacement and then how much is coming from the new products that are actually helping that conversation. So, really added together it's a very good performance. And then also from a stacked comp basis it's looking very good as you've already commented. I mean LC is doing very nicely on a -- from a 29 basis -- from a 2019 basis and mass spec is almost double digits on that front. So, really very happy with what we've been able to do on -- do with our initiatives. And then finally on the CRO, CDMO area, I mean we have had incredible impact. Last Friday I was with -- incredible conversations with CDMOs, especially last Friday I was with the CEO of one of the leading CDMOs and they perceive us as very strong partners to help them transfer methods for complex molecules. And this is something that has come more and more to the front and center globally as we talk to many of these customers. Of course, I mean they are focused on cost, but even more importantly they are focused on transferring these methods from originators. So, I think the initiatives are doing well, but there's a lot more to do there. We've just, I mean I would say in terms of penetration of our Instrument space, we are 30% along the way on mass spec. I would say we are about slightly more than that on the LC side. So we still have fertile ground there to see more growth.
UditBatra: Yes, I think Tycho that question came up last time as well. We don’t think of R&D in percentage terms and being an engineer myself and now surrounded by people in the Innovation Board we really look at the quality of the ideas. And if the quality of the ideas are good and we see a market opportunity, we will invest behind it. So, let me give you an example. As LC-MS or Diagnostics, right, so we work very closely with the UK Government on the COVID Moonshot program and we were able to develop LC-MS for as a diagnostic tool for detecting pathogens. This is now going to be submitted as an RUO later, mid this year or later this year for research is only, at least initially, but we see incredible traction in that area and we are investing behind it. So, those are the kinds of examples that come to the Innovation Board and if we see room to invest, we will. Second type of ideas where we invest our platforms, right? So, I already mentioned from a commercial perspective e-Commerce, but also taking the disparate data that exists in the organization and putting them into a data lake. Right? So, I would be loathed to tell you hey, you know, this is the ratio that we're trying to manage. Of course it's a cost conscious organization as you know from the past. We will not do silly things. At the same time if we see good ideas that have good basis, we will invest behind them. So, I hope that's satisfactory.
UditBatra: Yes, I think Vijay you answered your own question. It's actually prudent guidance. I mean given that the pandemic is still not over, there was a bit of pent up demand that came also from last year into Q1, not a pull forward from Q2. And then finally, I mean our initiatives are ongoing. They have shown incredible traction. We're very happy with what's happening. However, I think they still are getting traction. Right? I mean despite the pandemic we have seen good traction for our LC initiative. We are seeing good traction for e-Commerce where the page views have increased quite dramatically. We have seen good traction in reaching out to new customers. But two data points don’t make a full trend. So, we're just being wise to use another word. I think that would be the answer.
UditBatra: Sure. I think look it's virtually all of the above, but that said, but let's start with especially for LC, I mean we have the focus on solutions for our customers, and as we go in the new products definitely helps. Arc HPLC and ACQUITY Premiere, especially help in having the conversation. Anything when we started the program first with our own installed base, then looking at the competitor installed base and the third step would be to look at everybody and anybody who is using Empower. Right? So, it's a pretty large pool and we have just, I would say one-third of the way with our own instruments in terms of getting that replacement cycle done. So, there's a lot of room there. That said, the conversation is more straightforward if you have new products, especially the Arc HPLC, as well the ACQUITY Premier. And then finally, given our reputation as a solid service company and our service engineers absolutely help. So, I think the answer is and your question, it's all of the above. For mass spec also, we've also launched a similar program and there the success rates are absolutely terrific. We're going after our own installed base from a Tandem Quad perspective and replacing the older instruments with the newer generation of Tandem Quads that were introduced in 2019. So nice progress. Some of it is the market, but I think a significant amount is renewed focus on the replacement cycle of older instruments and finding [ph] products and a broader value proposition. As far as pricing and bundling, except the pricing is concerned, we have not had to use heck of a lot of pricing to make this happen. People trust the quality that Waters brings and the innovation that we're bringing to them to solve these problems.
UditBatra: All of the above. Right? So, we will have organic initiatives. We will have partnership opportunities and we will look at inorganic options as well. Right? so, all of the above. From an organic standpoint, I can give you examples. We think the electrodiagnostics space is interesting and LC-MS is ripe to get into that space. We have made really serious progress in working closely with many academics in the UK and the NHS, to take LC-MS into their diagnostics space for pathogens with COVID-19. We also worked with folks in Sweden on the same topic and we will introduce LC-MS as a research use only technique rather in the near future. So, organically we see tremendous opportunity as well. And another example would be entering bioprocessing. We are looking at partnerships with the leading academic institutions and many of our partners to take LC-MS into the bioprocessing suite and not just leave it in the QA-QC space where we still have room to grow. And then finally on inorganic, inorganic areas we are looking at that very, very carefully and they'll be more to say about it as time progresses, so all of the above.
UditBatra: Yes, I mean we are definitely hearing that. I mentioned the conversations I've had with heads of CDMO organizations, this is front and center. I mean, they view us as a collaborator who they can trust with their methods, with their ideas and I think this is something that we are definitely hearing and we intend to take, we intend to service our customers accordingly. So I think you've heard right. And I mean especially, I would even argue, especially given Waters, its technical strength and unique focus on science and technology, I mean they view us as people who can help them transfer methods, get deeper into them -- deeper with them into technical conversations and are not worried about us competing or using their technology for our own purposes. So, I would say quite a benefit, but two drivers, one might be what's happening in the competitor's universe, but the other is our own reputation as a strong scientifically based organization. At this point I want to thank you for your participation and questions and on behalf of our full management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q2 2021 call, which we currently anticipate to hold on August 3, 2021.Thank you all.
Michael Silveira: Yes, on the five additional days, it added about 3% of growth to our recurring revenues in the quarter.
Michael Silveira: So from an EPS perspective, one thing to remember here is, last year with the pandemic we put in place many cost actions. For example, salaries were reduced, furloughs were put in place, spending was reduced significantly throughout the corporation. We are going to experience a huge normalization for rest of this year that will mitigate the growth of the EPS. I guess, said it another way, the kind of normalization that needs to happen this year. As far as the gross margins, this margin there was so much volume that lead to a kind of operating leverage. So that will mitigate itself the rest of the year because of that normalization that I mentioned. So, I would expect for the full year, we're going to get back for the 57.5% to 58%, but I don't expect it to be inconsistent with the past.
Michael Silveira: Sure, I will just add, with the strong customer demand that we’re actually seeing, we have started to make the investment into the P&L, but all of our expenses haven’t hit Q1 P&L. So you are going to see some increase in expense as we move to the rest of the year that catches up with these initiatives that Udit was referring to. This is a gated process and we do look at projects, one on, we do look at each of the products initiatives and spending on what it is and we navigated processes and we'll make sure it makes sense before we actually start the process. So it's - it is a gated process and we will expect not the leverage to be not as good as it was in Q1 the rest of this year.
