Christopher O'Connell: Great. Thank you, Sherry. To recap. After a slower than expected starts to 2018, we were resolved to deliver a solid second quarter and I'm pleased that we delivered 5% revenue growth and 11% earnings per share growth.  We made good progress in the parts of the business that held us back in the first quarter and we benefited from a number of key areas of strength that we will continue to leverage in the back half the year. As such, we expect our constant currency revenue growth for the back half of 2018 to be stronger than the first-half of the year. With that said, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not always able to get to everyone's questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and if you have additional questions, please contact Waters’ investor relations team after the call. Operator. 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks Steve for the questions. First of all in India, I guess the way I would characterize it is that the caution that we saw in our first quarter, which is, as we talked last quarter was the final quarter of the year for Indian pharmaceutical companies. The caution that they expressed there is eased gradually over our second quarter, which is there first quarter and in that caution is really around the overall financial year they have had before, plus you know what is continue to be a robust regulatory environment, FDA compliance, et cetera. And we see this caution warm-up gradually over last quarter and we expect it to continue to warm up that, in particular the Pharma sector is firming up, Pharma was really what held us back in Q1 and as I noted in my prepared comments on Pharma turned positive in our second quarter.  And so we do see some pent-up demand building and really are just continue to press forward and stay very focused on what we do to serve our customers. And we do expect that as we get in the back half the year that that improvement will become more pronounced. As it relates to the sales force, like I said the expansion and e-territory activity and in some parts of the sales force were less than open positions during the course of Q1. Those were predominantly filled by the end of Q1. And as those positions have on boarded and gained traction in terms of building our territories they are becoming more productive and we expect that to really pay in the second half of the year. So like I said, before I have the opportunity to be part of a lot of sales force changes over the course of my career and investments and this one in the broad scheme of the world was very modest in terms of the overall scope and I think the team executed well through it and I'm excited about what this team's is going to contribute as we move forward.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks Steve happy to comment on that and the first of all, I would completely reinforce my view on M&A, which is that M&A is a tactic it's not an overall strategy for the company for capital deployment, we will be opportunistic in acquiring everything from intellectual property to technologies to talk in type opportunities - a mid to high strategic bar and high financial bar. And nothing has really changed in that regard, so in terms of any additional guidance on financial hurdles you know that's probably not needed, because we retain all of the parameters that we have operated with. That being said, one thing I have had the opportunity to do over the past couple years is to build a corporate development department here at Waters and its lean group, but one that is trying to enhance our focus outside of the Company to make sure that we remain oriented to thinking about growth and innovation from a 360 degree view and I think the team has been very productive. We have had the opportunity to make a few very high impact minority investments in very promising new technologies that fit right squarely in the center of our strategy and then the full acquisition of the DESI technology from Prosolia where we had a partially exclusive position before, now we really have locked up that technology, which we think is one of the most interesting things going on in mass spec imaging. I think those are just examples of our the way we are thinking about it and just trying to make sure that as we strive to deliver on our growth and innovation strategy that we are certainly prioritize organic innovation, but also taking advantage of some really interesting technologies that are out in the marketplace.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure Dan. I would rather not break out specific growth numbers other than to reinforce what I said that we had quite a slow start to the year mass spec, things definitely picked up in the second quarter. Now where we wanted to be yet, but moving in the right direction and really excited frankly about what we're doing in terms of R&D investment. Mass spec is a huge priority for the Company, particularly as it relates a true system orientation around LC aspect as well as what I talked a little bit more about this morning, which is this sort of wide-open field of direct mass spec, I think as we move into the future, there is going to be more interest in some of these direct ionization techniques and there is a lot of kind of whitespace out there for growth. And we have been assertively investing, we have increased the system orientation of our core mass spec portfolio, which I think is a competitive advantage for Waters and we have also created greater focus around our high resolution mass spec. In terms of the product it's new and coming. Yes the GC mass spec is interesting and new and current, but clearly there is a lot more beyond that. I have talked in the past about our Bio Taft system, which is working its way through development very, very well and then we have a few what we believe to be groundbreaking technologies in high resolution mass spectrometry that will certainly give more visibility as we role into 2019. So stay tuned for that, but the bottom line is that we remain very focused on pushing forward technology, pushing forward system orientation and doing things that we can do uniquely well.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. So industrial had a lot of puts and takes of course led by TA which gives me the most comfort in the overall tone of the market. Obviously we are benefiting TA from a really strong product and new product launch cadence right now, but we are also benefiting from what we believe are stable end market factors. Overall in industrial, we did see a sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2 and while there were puts and takes like the ones you mentioned there, we do feel that the overall portfolio of industrial on the waterside is normalizing. You know, there were some tough comps for example, in China and India in particular in Q2 of last year was very, very strong industrial.  There was also dynamic within the environmental business where the EPA had been some pretty big purchasing activity last year where that is not yet recurred in this year and so there is lot of puts and takes. But overall we feel good about the category and expect some of the puts and takes we see in the first part of the year to normalize in the back half of the year, with continued strong TA performance. 
Christopher O'Connell: Sure happy to Jack. On the U.S. as I mentioned before was a bit slower in the first half and a little bit of a mixed bag and I think that really reflect some of the unique customer mix that we have. I mentioned our biomedical research sector has been slow out of the gate, but is very much a lumpy business. So you know hard to quantify exactly what direction that goes, but Pharma particularly large, large Pharma was a little softer coming out of the chute and certainly offset to a certain degree by biotechnology and generics, but we really remain confident in the overall end market around Pharma and ongoing investments they are making and we're encouraged by quoting activity that we are seeing. And so the tone of a lot of our customers in the U.S. and particularly in Pharma gives us some confidence in the stability of the market and we think it's a very reasonable expectation for a stronger second half, assuming that we get the typical year end purchasing activity and that this point we have no evidence to suggest that won’t be the case. So, again another point that I think is important is the strong service and chemistry performance indicates to us some building in terms of some pent-up demand for instruments in terms of our unique customer mix, but overall, you know, like I said, we are expecting a solid second half of the year. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes good point Jack. And yes, it's governmental and academic is a smaller sector of our three and it is lumpy and it was even mixed a little bit within that I mentioned biomedical research was soft, but yet other research applications were strong. Research particular in the part of academics in areas like pharmaceutical discovery, in areas like material sciences, in areas like clinical diagnostics that are more research oriented. So you know there is there is a good quarter there, you know the patterns in that business tend to be a little more cyclical and so you know we are just trying to focus on the things that are going well and try to make sure they are more enduring.
Christopher O'Connell: Good question. I would just sort of reiterate what I said, Tycho. We watch this very carefully and in many ways it feels like last year where we saw the same pattern, where we had a slower budget release from our largest Pharma customers in the first half year and that firmed up in the second half of the year. And at this point like I said we don't have any evidence that that's should not headed in that direction again and things that we focus on when understanding the tone of our largest Pharma customers is certainly the service and chemistry and utilization of the technology, which is solid, the quoting activity, which we are encouraged by. And so the tone that we are hearing, we are obviously very close to these customers gives us like I said a reasonable expectation for you know more solid second half and that's what I can see from where I sit right now. 
Christopher O'Connell: From a China standpoint, tariffs is really not a factor right now and that’s obviously an evolving picture, but you know at the end of the day we don't export out of China, we import very little directly to China from the U.S. The vast majority of our business into China comes from our global manufacturing supply chain network and so we don't necessarily foresee a large impact on that part of it. But just in general, China is performing well, it appears from everything we can see solid and even in our forecast we are not necessarily assume everything goes perfectly right and you know my impression just from spending a lot of time in China and around Asia generally is just, you know, while it's not always the straight line, the long-term outlook is promising and we have a very diverse business in China its actually the most diverse portfolio we have of any major geographical and market. There is less Pharma weight there, more food and materials weight and there appears to be a really decent amount of balance in the business right now. So our expectations of our China team continue to be high and we are investing to sustain that type of growth in investing to win.
Christopher O'Connell: You know it’s interesting because the GC-MS market is an important market, where we think there is unmet measurement need if you will unmet technology on the mass spec side and historically and I don't have the full history because I have only been here a few years, but historically we did have quite a bit of presence in that GC-MS field and I think our position faded overtime and the team has been really excited about reasserting that. Particularly applied workflows, in food and material science, large food labs in China and Europe are demanding this technology and we thought it was a very focused way to play it to really be able to hook on to some of the more broadly accepted core GC technology to provide a superior mass spec interface which we think the market needs. And so we definitely see an opportunity there. It’s not the - won’t be the largest product offering in our mass spec portfolio for sure, but we think it's a nice notch and frankly it will help us drive our overall portfolio particularly on the food side.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes sure I’m happy to talk about Empower, Empower is a really major competitive advantage for the Company, particularly in Pharma in the most rigorous regulatory compliance environments and the one trend that’s unmistakable for sure is the rising regulatory requirements from our customers and the increased priority our customers have on rigorous data management and compliance, and in that environment the Empower position is only strengthened. Particularly for global companies who are working on the Empower enterprise type network system, and if anything we have seen major customers work to adopt this across their LC platforms and earn, what I call incremental strategic wins, now the reason I say incremental is because we already have a really strong and leading market share we are really in, all of the top 20 or 25 major Pharma accounts in way shape or form and those typically trend towards more enterprise type deployments. Furthermore, we continue to push the technology down that curve where we started with workstations, we have been very oriented around enterprise solutions and now we are increasingly migrating towards the cloud. So really we are continuing to invest in our next generation chromatography data systems, I personally had a chance to review a lot of that work. I'm excited about taking the strength further and we obviously want to see many more companies besides the enterprise customers continue to behave in that way and we think for that reason there is runway.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, well thank you for the question. Because certainly investing in our organization in a very broad and deep and diverse management team is the very top priority of mine, I spent an awful lot of my time on this and you mentioned some outstanding people. Our current executive team is a very strong balance between deep, credible, proven industry experience with sprinkling in of some fresh perspectives, which is exactly the way you want the management team to look. Some of the retirements you mentioned were sort of long planned retirements both on those individuals parts as well as our part. We had robust succession plans for all of them, you mentioned Ian, he is the head of our product development organization and doing a fantastic job and we continue to leverage that expertise. But one thing that's been a real joy for me coming into the Company is getting to know management at the next level and employees throughout. I have brought in a really a transformational talent review, organizational development process that has substantially increased the rigor and development and investment in our top talent. I have even personally designed and teach a three day leadership course to our top up-and-coming people and all of our management is involved in that process in furthermore leading in developing teaching others. I couldn't be more excited about the talent pool of waters and you do see the tenure and the depth of expertise at many levels and we are increasingly tapping into that as leadership community. So I could go on and on other than to say I just want to express confidence in what we are doing and I do expect that as any organization evolves overtime that we have a very strong and increasingly strong bench that were developing from within and then opportunistically supplementing that with the new skill sets and new perspectives from the outside where wanted. So it’s a great equation.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks Doug. I think for the most part I would just say in India, just a follow-up on those questions. The Q2 kind of incremental strength we saw in Pharma was probably some combination of a little bit of pent-up demand plus just a warmed up purchasing tone of the customers as I mentioned. And Pharma was positive in Q2, is certainly not where we wanted it to be in India or where we expected to be in the back half of the year, and I guess looking at the big picture it doesn't necessarily surprise us that as we sort of anticipated when we were on the call last quarter that it would sort of build over the course of the rest of the year. So that's moving along as we expected it to. Relative to the U.S. I think it's a fairly simple answer to your question, which is, yes, we do expect the U.S. to grow in the back half of the year, and that is just based on as I mentioned earlier reasonable expectation for typical year end purchasing activity in somewhat of a pattern that we saw last year. So we are just focused on the basics there and making sure that we understand the tone of our customers that were quoting activity and how we translate that into their deployment of their budgets, which have been conservative in the first part of this year as I mentioned.
Christopher O'Connell: Now it’s a fair question and certainly it is a portfolio effect, obviously we need to continue to step forward in our progress we are making in mass spec and continue to leverage the strength of our tandem quad portfolio in that regard. While also competing well on the high-resolution side as we continue to invest for the future and you on the LC side, there are other flows in the LC business. We have a fantastic portfolio and feel better about our portfolio now probably than anytime over the past few years. Given some of the refresh we have done there. I mentioned the acuity ARC is done well, but now we have acuity ARC bio the acuity plus which brings in a whole new set of capabilities to our core UPLC platforms, you know when and really, if you look at the broader trends in just a standalone LC business the first half as a whole. U.S. LC was more like a mid-single-digit grower with worldwide being in that same range and so. You know it's really matter of making that the whole portfolio work and leveraging the benefit of some of the newer technology we have and continue to meet the needs of our customers, but we certainly have an expectation as well as set goals to make sure that that overall portfolio of Waters branded instrument performs at the levels we expect.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, just a couple of additional comments on DESI this technology has been around for sure. It's been in semi or co-exclusive type of an arrangement with other partners, and frankly, we see a huge opportunity to personally within Waters develop the technology to make it even more robust usable and widespread for mass spec imaging. And frankly, we see a significant pull from our customers to one of the key sources of differentiation in some of our high-end systems and I think we were held back probably from doing all we can with the technology in that type of model. There is obviously a transition period in their relative to other technologies, we want to support our customers as they evolve to the next generation of waters driven to the technology and having full control over the technology was a really critical step in doing that. I think it's also reflective of our belief in the direct mass spec technology category mass spec imaging as part of that and in the really interesting technology portfolio we have, we just see more and more direct sample mass spec applications coming for all the reasons I mentioned and want to control our destiny even more significantly. As it relates to M&A metrics and that organic growth there is very little of that in the business and even on the DESI side, it's completely immaterial at this point. So really the growth we are getting this year is truly organically driven.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, thanks. I don’t know I think that’s a really interesting question Derik, and one we just really don't know, I personally don't see any evidence that trade or tariff or currency, associated currency issues that we all watch very carefully have changed purchasing behavior, certainly in India the dynamics we have seen have been much more related to the specific kind of customer and country issues in India around some of the broader economy reforms. China we really haven't seen any affect there; obviously there is a lot of unknowns out there relative to trade more broadly. I guess personally, the way I look at that as I just try to understand it and if there are any threats, but very much remains kind of a free trader in terms of my mentality and offer my voice to that where I can and hopefully a lot of the rhetoric that’s going on right now is really a negotiation that ultimately restores and affirms the sort of inexorable globalization of our economies and enables free and fair trade. So again, no direct evidence that there is issues that get in the way of our normal commercial activities, but we will obviously stay focused on that question. I think in the extra time here, we have one more - time for one more question.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. And I appreciate the question and like I said last quarter, we tried to just be extremely transparent about what is going on here, but I would continue to reinforce that this is a very small impact in terms of the overall results, it is a relatively minor set of changes and obviously there is a difference when you hire new people when you are hiring kind of fresh inexperienced reps in the company that have a big upside, but have a longer curve versus competitive and experienced reps and we do have a mix there. So I don't want to put too fine a point on that other than to say that this is normal course of business and we feel good about the modifications we made overtime and it’s all about investing in our team to win in a changing environment. So I will just leave it at that.
Christopher O'Connell: Just a quick comment and then I will let Sherry comment as well but one of our key parts of our value creation framework is continuous operational improvement and since Sherry has come in we put together a comprehensive program to scale the Company and drive efficiencies in all parts of the P&L, everything from how we design products and manage our cost of goods and non-product costs all the way through G&A and you know selling and marketing type expenses. And really a lot of that is being done to preserve and enhance her overall commitment to our growth investments in R&D and sales force expansion. So, you know I don’t want to put too much detail on right now. We look forward to sharing more overtime, but we are really developing a comprehensive program in that regard and are excited about what it will do to help us to continue to grow scale invest in the Company.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Sherry and I think we will turn to the ramp up here and wanted to say thank you all for your great questions as always. In conclusion here at Waters. We remain focused on delivering our growth plans for 2018, headlined by an acceleration in the back half the year within our pharmaceutical market, continued growth in TA and broad based growth in China, we believe that market conditions and our strong competitive position support continuing success. So on behalf of our entire management team I would like to thank you for your continued support and interest in waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3 2018 call, which we currently anticipate holding on October 23, 2018. Thank you. Have a great day.
Tycho Peterson: Thanks. Chris I want to follow-up on your comment a minute ago about the U.S. and you mentioned slower than expected budget release from Pharma. Can you maybe just elaborate has some of that subsequently comes through post quarter and I guess what gives you confidence, it’s a budget release issue and not something else.
Tycho Peterson: Okay and then you guys are obviously putting up good numbers in China and that’s kind of consistent with what we have heard from peers about the demand environment. Can you talk to how you think about the back half for the year, the sustainability, you didn’t proactively make any comments on tariffs, so there is nothing we really need to be worry about that either. 
Tycho Peterson: Alright and then just last one, I’m curious about the decision to enter the GC market, obviously you are partnering up with going to OEM, the GC piece of it, but what do you think your advantages in that market or is it just opportunistically pushed into it. 
Sherry Buck: Sure, yes. So your first side of question about the FX dynamics in this quarter, maybe just recapping for the top line, the Euro and the Yen is really what drove kind of the FX of 2% on the top line and we saw that favorability flow through the gross margin, we had probably a slight positive impact on the gross margin. But the dynamic that happened in the second quarter because of our Euro and pound and particularly that our cost base that we have in the pound that impacted our operating expense. So that kind of flowed through on our operating expenses as a headwind on our operating expense line. So we have guided on the EPS, we thought it would be $0.01 positive and we ended up a little bit more positive than that. As far as the cash flow normalizing, I would say it would be more of a return to growth and we like to look at our cash flow conversion, at $0.27 for the half, we also probably see that improving by really returning to growth. The second quarter was really a dynamic of timing of our estimated tax payments of the results of the U.S Tax Reform. Our balance sheet and working capital are in good position.
Sherry Buck: We have some ongoing litigation and we have disclosed in our queue that that had gotten settled. So we got that settled and paid in the quarter.
Sherry Buck: Yes Doug. You know so far through the first half your numbers there we have had about 550 million and I would say we could maintain that through the second half and we will evaluate that over the course of the coming months.
Sherry Buck: You hit that one on that, so our guidance changed we lowered the midpoint of about [7%] (Ph) and its really because of the change in our FX for the second half of the year and really our approach assumptions for the guide can remain unchanged.
Sherry Buck: And the only thing I would just add for the quarter, we did see some favorable mix in the quarter that impacted that and a little bit of that FX as well.
