Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes. Thanks, Derek and hope you are well. We have established a really robust framework for how to think about recovery, and as you might imagine it’s not a one size, fits all approach. Every geography is really undergoing a different dynamic as it relates to two primary dimensions of recovery.  One is the overall spread of the virus, and what the local public health response is, and the other dimension being the knockout effects of that approach to the local economic conditions, and there’s obviously a wide range of programs around the world. China, which went through this first, I would characterize as seeing a steady recovery that continues to gain traction at this point in time, about 90% of our customers in the pharmaceutical sector have restarted production, and there has been a very phased approach affecting both the customer operations as well as even our own offices and employees as they go serve.  There are some geographies that have bounced back more quickly. If you look at Korea as an example, which actually is now our number five country in the world. As you know from the papers, they had a very assertive testing policy and program early in the process, and they are really back almost in the return to growth phase.  The European countries I referred to, Europe is very much a mix bag. Some countries, including the UK and countries in Southern Europe like Spain, Italy, and France are very much still in containment, while other countries in Central Europe and even Eastern Europe, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and Denmark, et cetera are more in a recovery phase.  Again, very, very local dynamics there. It’s also hard to categorize them in emerging and developed for the reason I just stated in Europe, but also another example of an emerging market that was actually doing very, very well in Q1 until the end of the quarter was India where India as you know, at that point in time, in the last week of March went into severe lockdown mode. They still are in that mode.  And so, while India had a very strong start to the year, they are very quiet now and hopefully, those measures will be effective in hastening their recovery in the back half of the year. So, it’s really quite different depending on where you are in the world and our model looks at a number of scenarios, a base case scenario, a conservative scenario and an optimistic scenario for each country around the world depending on where they are in those recovery phases.  And obviously, most of our focus is on the base case and the conservative case in terms of our modeling and cost actions, not spending too much time on the optimistic scenario. Otherwise, though in the case where opportunity materializes faster, we are prepared to take advantage of that. So, it just requires a very agile management process and we feel good about the way we are approaching it. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Derek. It’s a bit of a mixed bag, on the industrial side. As you know about half of our industrial business is food and environmental, and environmental piece that’s actually been recently robust through this and about half of this is the material science, the chemical and polymer piece.  Overall, the industrial category for us in the quarter was down about the same as pharma, and the mix of that was China taking a bigger hit, U.S. down in that mid-single-digit range, actually Europe grew on the industrial side in the quarter. And so, it is a little bit of a mixed bag. We are seeing some industrial customers hold back.  We don't really see many outright closures per se. And we have seen some investment on the polymer side. These markets were pretty soft last year, and we believe there is some pent-up demand and we are actually seeing, I would say, reasonable tone in the industrial end-markets. Although, as you know, those markets are a lot more instrument-oriented with less recurring revenue, particularly in the TA instruments side.  So, watching it carefully. But at this point, it’s probably too hard to overly generalize. There is pockets of strength and weakness there.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, so, pharma – thanks, Dan. I hope you are well. The – on the pharma side of the business, which is a little more than half of our revenue, and as you correctly pointed out, it’s about a 70:30 split. We were actually seeing really solid pharma business through the week 12. We were up in the mid-single digits on both the small mol and large mol little bit better.  So some decent start to the year before a lot of the containment activities outside of China, that is those numbers are outside of China. China obviously is a real outlier for the quarter. And so, the way we are looking at that is, the manufacturing, QA QC part of the business, we’ve seen continued operations, we’ve seen growth in QA QC outside of China. We’ve seen fairly steady recurring revenues although more growth where we have contracted service plans and where there is more full production. Some QA QC has been on split shifts or rationalized capacity. We see that in the contract segment as well. But we are basically expecting to see reasonable – reasonably stable conditions on the QA QC side.  On the innovation side, much R&D does continue. Some of it has been devoted to COVID. As you know, there is more than 200 trials underway for COVID-19 therapies and up to a 100 different vaccine programs out there right now, six of which are already in trial. So, as I alluded to in my remarks, we’ve seen some nice response in that segment.  Obviously, China is a big part of the overall pharma picture and that’s certainly colored our Q1 results. But, we feel – we are glad that we have such a nice concentration of pharma in our overall portfolio and expect that to be a reasonably stable market as we move through this and improve over the course of the year. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Tycho. As you know, it’s been a very fluid environment here and as we noted in our Q4 earnings call, we didn’t include any impact of COVID in our guidance. And as I mentioned before, other than China, which I think we all knew was in a challenging environment in Q1. We were actually operating within our plans really through almost until the end of the quarter.  And so, as we closed the books, we just felt it would be better to issue our results when we saw the biggest and fullest picture possible, both what happened in the quarter and our expectations going forward and try to incorporate all the different steps we are taking to navigate the environment. And so, that’s why we took the approach we took.  In terms of China and color on some of the different categories, pharma, if you look at the overall China result of down 45%, pharma was roughly in that range. Pharma is about half of our business there. The food business suffered primarily because a lot of the import export restrictions that went into place put a bit of a hold on laboratory type activity.  And so, food was down in similar ranges and academic and government obviously was the area of greatest weakness in China as a lot of universities were closed for the bulk of the quarter and the government was delaying tenders and we do expect that government environment where there is quite a bit of food business as well to continue to remain soft as the country looks at recovery, that recovery should be led by the more of the industrial corporate sector, particularly the pharmaceutical business.  In terms of the instruments and the recurring revenues, we saw an impact on both parts of that business. Certainly, to the extent we were serving customers and operating facilities and had access we were able to maintain some recurring revenues although as you know that the contracted service plans are less of a mix in China than they are in other parts of the world.  So, we saw it also in the on-demand service and in the parts – spare parts business. But China went through a pretty significant lockdown where a lot of activity went on hold and that activity is coming back as I mentioned, which is steadily being managed very tops down in that environment, in that operating environment and we expect to improve directionally in Q2 and recover more fully in the back half of the year. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Sure. Doug, happy to it. We think we have a lot of room on our inventory and I’ll let Sherry add to this if she like. But the inventory management piece is certainly prioritizing making sure we have plenty of capacity in some of the faster moving technologies once where we have visibility to pipeline.  So, we match our inventory goals and inventory reduction goals as needed against dynamics in terms of where we expect our pipeline to be. So even with some of the smart working capital spend management, we think we will be perfectly able to be responsive and to play offense in fact if conditions allow.  And that’s why we’ve actually, as I alluded to before, assembled an optimistic case scenario. So while we are focused more on our base case for planning and our conservative case for liquidity management, and financial flexibility, we do have our eye on what that would look like and make sure that we wouldn’t miss a beat should things improve a little bit faster.  Relative to the second part of your question, Doug, where instruments got that we expected in the first quarter or even in the second quarter, given the near-term caution or less likely – we really believe at all of our pipeline analysis says that those are delays not cancellations.  We still think that when we look at our quoting activity in our sales pipeline, in our order book, while they do reflect that near-term caution in general, I’d say, in particularly on our pharmaceutical customers there is an optimism about the future and an intent to returning to investing for growth in the foreseeable future.  Obviously, we’ll update that as we move through the year. But we see more of a pause in that spending and don’t have any real evidence of any cancellation type activity in scale. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. So, I’ll just maybe a little bit of color on that, thanks. Yes, the recurring revenues for the quarter were flattish as you mentioned and we are trending better than that towards the end of the quarter. We normally do have purchasing activity at the end of the quarter on consumables just as we do on instruments, not to the degree, but that definitely affected it and it’s a little bit of a mixed bag on recurring revenue from the standpoint of service.  There is two big pieces of the service there. There is contract service plans where we are seeing consistent growth at normal historical levels and then you have the on-demand service which includes spare parts in a meaningful way where as our service engineers can’t access many customer sites. We obviously have that weakness in those areas.  And so, in general, the early patterns in April reflected sort of where we were towards the end of the quarter particularly in our largest geographies outside of China whereas China we are seeing clear evidence of our increasing access of our service engineers into customer accounts over time here on an upward slope.  We’ve seen continued containment measures in some of the other parts of the world. So I think that dynamic of a mix between contracted service plans, on-demand chemistry heavily utilized in certain areas and held back in other areas. What will probably persist for a little while here into the quarter and we’ll certainly update you on that as we get more information next quarter. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Vijay for the question. Appreciate it. I don’t think we want to overly – get overly précised on early trends in April. As you know, our first month of our quarter is the lightest of the three.  In general terms, my comments earlier were that, China and parts of Asia, even parts of Europe have seen an improving trend whereas the U.S., other parts of Europe, India have seen the continuation of the type of containment measures.  So, it’s really all about – as we get deeper into the second quarter, it will really be about the restrictions, the lifting of restrictions promulgated by both governments as well as corporate policy in terms of getting people back to work and scaling up production in facilities and that’s going to look different in pharma companies and contract companies and industrial companies.  And so, I don’t want to put too much credence in early April results, other than we expect for the immediate near-term some continuation of what we saw towards the end of the quarter with some of the improvements noted. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. It’s a really interesting question. I think it’s probably bit of a reach to try to draw too many conclusions between consumer behavior in the short-term and something like consumable usage in our business. I would look at it more as something that colors the overall pharmaceutical industry. As we look at big pharma right now, there is a lot going on.  In most cases, the production continues. There is clearly more of a focus in the pharma companies on existing drugs versus new product launches, simply because their teams can’t fully get out there and launch new products. Obviously there is a COVID-19 focus with new trials with research on immune modulation and biomarker analysis.  But clearly, some of the stay at home type orders have resulted in fewer doctor visits for normal routine type healthcare and medical therapies. And to some degrees that’s coloring big pharma’s mindset as they navigate through this process.  So, but to boil that all the way back to consumables, I’d say, our consumables revenue and to some extent as well the instruments purchases are reflecting more of just the caution that that most of our customers are taking stepping through this.  But I will say that, every single one of our customers we’ve stayed very active with even if remote, we’ve had extremely positive interactions with them and had some real breakthroughs in terms of how to serve them effectively at a distance. 
Christopher O'Connell: I think, we’d probably want to stay short of that, Dan, for now, I’d rather just provide qualitative description of how we are thinking about those ranges. Obviously, a base case type of scenario where we have more of an expected progression of these countries through recovery – sorry, containment recovery and return to growth.  In a conservative case scenario where if we see the persisting low level for demand for instruments and high levels of containments and obviously building our financial plans off of a conservative scenario and then in optimistic case, to say, hey what if it comes back faster and there is some pent-up demand that materializes sooner.  Those are just qualitatively how we are looking at it. At this point, I think it’s premature to spend too much time describing what those numbers look like and we will obviously try to do more than as we move through the year.  But as I alluded to in my remarks, we’ve seen periods of macroeconomic pressure historically in different scenarios and we have always benefited from the underlying strengths and demand characteristics in the end-markets that we choose to focus on. And so, we are planning for a solid rebound when market conditions allow. 
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. I know, it’s a really interesting thing to dig into. The industrial category is about 30% of total revenues, which is in rough terms, half and half between food and environmental and material science. Material science tends to be the more cyclical piece and the majority of that is chemicals and polymers.  We’ve seen, I mean, the chemicals side of the business is smaller piece, polymer is the bigger piece , especially advanced polymers and we’ve seen sort of okay customer activity in that area. The chemical area is generally smaller and it’s probably too hard at this point for us to draw a direct correlation between what's going on in some of the energy markets in that right now.  TA is the biggest piece of the materials as you know and it’s more affected than Waters generally with fewer recurring revenue sales, capital equipment sales are 80% of that. And we have seen more cyclicality in that business as you know, although we feel really well positioned in that area. I mentioned three new products that are exciting in TA.  We have the strength of the Discovery line. We’ve got a gradually improving mix towards high tech, high performance materials, pharma and even consumer products. And so, I think we are better positioned in the materials sector relative to where we have been historically and even some of our peer groups, because of some of the investments we’ve made there.  So, we are watching it carefully. Obviously expecting the pharma part of the business to lead the recovery as it happens. But feel very good about our overall materials, material science, industrial portfolio. Like I mentioned the food could be pretty lumpy especially with the big concentration in China.  And on the materials side, we have seen actually some reasonable demand through cycles in recent years with a lot of what we are doing on applications, PPOs and other type of applications that have been invested in by governments and municipalities. We probably have time for one more question please.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Brandon. Appreciate the questions. And first of all, in academic and government, that was the weakest of the categories as we mentioned it was geographically the most weak in China where we saw a bigger decline in the government and academic business, relative to even the overall business and that was a function of the fact that most universities were closed in China for much of the first quarter and the majority of government tenders were delayed.  So, that was a pretty clear line. And in China, historically, the academic and government business is a bigger mix of our overall business in part because of the government food labs and that's nearly a quarter of our business historically in China. So that had a big impact.  We actually saw some more – actually better performance, kind of flattish to slightly up in the U.S. in academic and government where we were doing pretty well and that did have an impact at the end of the quarter. But that business was performing reasonably well, but have limitations to customer sites in probably the immediate future.  And then, Europe was, I feel that the overall European performance of up 4% for the quarter, that was led by strong pharma, a modestly positive industrial and offset by negative on academic and government in Europe, which was a more cautious environment in that sector in the quarter.  Relative to the service contracted plans, generally run in the sort of 40%-ish plus range in the developed markets and less than that in emerging markets. So, between a third to 40% or so of our service business is in the contracted service plans with the remainder being on-demand spare parts and lines of that nature.  So, we’ve continued in all those categories although, I’ve seen much better performance in the contract and service side as I said. So, with that, we are at the top of the hour. Thank you everybody for your questions today and joining the call. In conclusion, as we navigate the operating environment right now, we are executing to five overriding priorities.  As I mentioned, number one, putting the health safety and well-being of our employees and customers first, number two, ensuring business continuity; number three, maintaining financial strength, flexibility and liquidity; number four, actively planning for recovery, particularly in maximizing the benefit of our strong new product flows; and number five, contributing our expertise and capabilities in the global fight against COVID-19.  We are confident in the strength of our business and we are taking a pragmatic approach to preserve our balance sheet strength and flexibility including the most significant cost actions in the history of the company. Our goal is to position Waters to recover quickly and sustainably when market conditions allow.  So on behalf of our entire management team, I would like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our second quarter 2020 call, which we currently anticipate holding on July 28, 2020. Thanks everybody and have a great day. 
