Udit Batra: Yes. So Vijay, thank you for the question and good morning. Look, we've seen strong instrument growth momentum throughout the year and Q4 is no exception. And this is largely attributed to our commercial. Our commercial initiatives, especially the replacement initiative and the successful launch of new products, especially the Arc HPLC, the Acuity Premier, and more recently, the high res mass spec platform. The full year numbers from an instrument perspective, I would say even more interesting. I think their instruments have really led the growth with mid 20s sort of growth rate with LC coming around that range, mass spec a little bit slower and TA really endearing in the high 20s in growth rate. So instruments have really led the charge in terms of our recovery and that bodes, as you know, very well for the future for our service and recurring businesses. So to summarize, really, it's commercial momentum, new products that we've seen throughout the year and nothing sort of dramatic that was taking place at the end of the year. That was very different from what we have seen throughout the year.
Udit Batra: Sure. Good morning, Dan. Look, overall, the best way to look at this is to look at stacked growth rates, right? If you just look at the stacked growth rates, we finished the year around 7% overall in the business where pharma came in higher at double-digit. And what we've seen on the pharma side is really strong uptake, not just the demand, not just the increasing demand in the market. So it's slightly higher than historical averages, but also water specific execution. First, from a commercial perspective, across our five commercial initiatives, as well as new product introduction which has had very good uptake, especially in pharma, arc HPLC has done very well, especially in China. And increasingly in the U.S. and Europe, the acuity premier with the MaxPeak technology has really hit a real sweet spot with novel modalities, which have higher affinity to metal surfaces. So new products, especially on the instrument side. And now we have introduced our next generation of informatics platform for mass spec. So we expect new products to continue to do well. So to summarize, the pharma end market has been a bit more robust than historical averages. But in that robust market, we have been executing extremely well from a commercial perspective, as well as with new product introductions. So that bodes well for what we think about in the future for this largest end market.
Udit Batra: Dan, I mean, China, thanks for the question, really excited. I mean, it all starts with leadership. We have a new leader in China who's really executing what I've talked about at a global level from a commercial perspective. Overall, I mean, as the overall business grew 16% for the year, China was in the mid-20s, driven again, by very, very strong instrument growth rates, well in excess of 30% growth where LC is doing very well. From an end market perspective in China, pharma, and/or especially our focus on CDMOS there has grown the business in excess of 40%. So excited about what we're seeing in China. New products are doing extremely well. And there's no reason to believe that that should slow down going into the New Year. If anything, we expect newer products to gain even more traction. And there's a lot more to do in China, by the way, increasing penetration across the board. And then, turning to your question on bioproduction, look, in general, the two growth initiatives that we've highlighted, that are focused on biologics and novel modalities are number one on bioseparations, and number two on bioproduction. On bioseparations, we are a world leader in separating small molecules. And with our chemistry and engineering expertise, we're simply turning that to larger molecules, like mRNA oligonucleotides proteins. And then from a bioproduction perspective, we've talked about first, the collaboration, we have Sartorius, where we first focused on characterizing the process for a high volume application called clone selection, where we took the workflow from about six weeks to less than a week. And that has a lot of traction with our customers, we are now adding on other attributes that we want to measure for the process, creating a seamless software bridge between the [indiscernible] of Sartorius as well as the biocode that we have. And then looking at other applications, be it scale up to larger bio reactors, or other modalities like again, oligonucleotides and more complex protein. So a lot of runway on the bioproduction side, and the deal that we announced a small tuck-in as you know, CDMS, thanks for asking about it. It's something that's good and dear to my heart. And I must admit, I started off as a skeptic. When I first heard about the technology, the team sent me some publications and said, hey, it's a technology. And I thought it's another hobby, but it's a really good fit, right. So basically, the CDMS technology takes mass spec to larger molecules, where we can now separate mRNA as well as viral vectors, which are larger proteins, intact proteins where mass spec reaches its limits. And what excited us the most is a demonstration we did with our customers several months ago, where we expected roughly 20 customers to come in Kendall Square, where we have our immerse lab roughly 40 showed up, I was so excited, I asked them all and our Head of Strategy. Dan Welch to join me to listen to the customers that sealed the deal, right? So we basically said, look, this is a technology that our customers really, really want. It's going to allow them to analyze more complex molecules much more carefully. And now we have the development, commercialization manufacturing rights for the technology. So super excited about what we are seeing in the bioproduction, bioseparations area.
Udit Batra: Puneet, the way I would think about the contribution across the five initiatives instrumental placement, service attach ecommerce, CDMO is about 100 basis points of acceleration beyond what we see in the market. So that's how I would look at that piece, sort of lump it all together and it's about 100 basis points give or take. Second, on the new growth initiatives, as I commented in the previous quarter, as well as at a recent conference. This is something that we expect to meaningfully contribute in the mid to long term. We are very excited about the traction we have on bioprocessing with our collaboration with Sartorius. We're doing very well on the early stages of adapting SCMS for specialty applications in diagnostics. And we have a very good start on bioseparations as well as some other initiatives. So you should expect that to contribute in the midterm. In the short-term, about 100 basis points from our initiatives that are already ongoing. And in the midterm, these other initiatives will start to contribute meaningfully. It’s a great start. But I would say the midterm starting '23, '24 is when you should start seeing an impact of these initiatives.
Udit Batra: Puneet, you asked two maybe three questions in one, I'll try to take them each in turn. First, in terms of the order book, it's extremely strong. We don't get specific numbers on the backlog. But it's higher than it's been in the past, you can safely assume that orders are growing faster than sales. Now in terms of challenges that we're facing on supply chain on pricing, let's take a step back. We're not immune to those challenges like anybody else. Especially on the material side, where there are material constraints, what I would say on that front, having now extreme transparency into the primary, secondary, tertiary suppliers, deep sort of discussions with those colleagues in different companies. And the fact that we have a nimble organization here our size and our simple portfolio is a huge advantage. We're able to communicate any sort of changes rapidly through the organization through supply chain into commercial and be able to deal with it. And we've dealt successfully with any sort of disruption in Q3 and Q4. I'm not saying it was easy, but we've dealt with it, given the transparency and given the communication we have internally and externally with stakeholders. And by contrast, I think Q1 is like summer vacation versus Q4. So I'm not diminishing the topic, it's still with us. But we have developed that muscle. And in terms of pricing and freight. Look, we've had about 100 basis points or so of pricing in 2021, you should expect, say 150 basis points give or take. But what I would like to emphasize here, this is not a willy-nilly transfer of pricing to our customers. We have, as I said many times very, very strong relationship with our customers, we have open discussions and wherever we see challenges, we discuss them. And there's a lot of understanding as we pass on some of the increases in pricing that we see. So I think I've addressed several of your questions. And Amol, do you to –
Udit Batra: Not really didn't see, I would say what we saw, of course, there's always a run up at the end of the year in this business. But I would say it's nothing unusual. And the way -- the reason I say that we're seeing similar trends persist into the year as well. So we're seeing really a continuation of what we saw towards the year end. And the orders, as we commented earlier, orders are outpacing the sales. So that gives us confidence that this is not sort of a big pull forward of any sort of products. And when you look at Waters are specific reasons, right, so we can, and again, I'll draw your attention to the overall stacked growth numbers. We've basically ended the year with the second half being stronger than the first half of the year, overall for the year, it's roughly 7% stacked growth. Where instruments are roughly 6% growth, which is well above our historical averages. And, again, the same thing for consumables which are close to double-digit growth. This is, again, above historical averages, but there are Waters specific reasons driving both of those. So in both cases, we have commercial initiatives that have driven that and new products that have contributed. So nothing really that one should look at as a blip. I mean, this is something that we expect to continue both the commercial as well as the new product momentum.
Udit Batra: I think just to sort of conclude the formula is very simple. I mean, we drive the top line with our initiatives, there's a lot of leverage in the P&L. And with the productivity initiatives, we make a bit more room. We're not skimping on the investments. We believe that these are really necessary and helpful for us to set up the future. And hence we deliver a 20 to 30 basis points increase in margin. So the idea is very simple.
Udit Batra: And Josh, not much different than what you would have seen in and how we exited 2021. So 7% stack rose with consumables being closer to double-digit, instrument being slightly lower at 6%, but well above historical averages.
Udit Batra: Patrick, I mean, it's a great question. I mean, we don't have a dogma there. But it always starts with what we know how to do. So we know how to do analytical measurements. And we've turned that focus towards larger molecules and more complex molecules both in the bioseparations arena, where there are significant challenges. Even if you take mRNA as an example, in aggregation and separation of these molecules. Lipid nanoparticles or plasmids, and there, we are perfectly capable of making a difference with our internal focus and collaborations with reagents companies and people who know how to do sample prep for biologics. So I think that for me, is the perfect combination. And on the bioprocessing side, we started with a partnership where we wanted our organization to learn the whole bioprocessing domain. And now we -- as we get a better understanding, we will surely be looking at augmenting our capabilities in Indiana on the analytical front. So you will not see us going and buying a bioreactor or a filtration company but you will see us looking at better analytical techniques to elucidate the structure and properties of these complex molecules, but it's a mix. So it's a heavy focus on organic investments, where relevant partnerships and where we see opportunities that beat up the separations of these molecules or as was characterized bioprocessing better, we will be active in the M&A space.
Udit Batra: Thank you. Thank you all for your participation and your questions. And on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our first quarter 2022 call which is currently anticipated on May 3, 2022. Thank you and have a wonderful day.
Amol Chaubal: Good morning, Vijay, and thanks for the question. So look, I mean, the gross margin for Q4 came in as we had guided. And if you compare it versus prior year, the gross margin is lower because of three factors. There is a 50 basis points headwind from exchange rate. But then there were also prior year COVID cost actions that normalize this year. And then, the quarter was heavier on instruments and instruments are lower margin compared to other elements of our portfolio. So when you put those three things together, it sort of reconciles with the gross margin last year. Where we are guiding for 22 at approximately 58% is in line with what we did this year. And on the operating margin side, we are saying about 30% to 30.5%. So it's sort of slightly better than 30.2% on the top end of the range. What is in there is also the tax rate, we are saying tax rate, we are expecting 15.5%. That's higher than the tax rate we had this year, primarily because the 2017 regs have a provision in place, which requires capitalization of R&D expenses, and our x-U.S. R&D expenses when capitalized will have an impact on the guilty provisions. So that has added about a little over a percentage point to the tax rate. That's included in our guidance.
Amol Chaubal: I mean just to build on it, Puneet, as you know, I mean, our products are differentiated. And that's not just instruments. I mean, we have very innovative chemistry portfolio that the customers like. We have a great track record and a seamless service. And we have an informatics platform that's really valued by our customers. So that puts us in a great spot to have these discussions to with our customers walk them through what's happening in the market. And then internally, what we've done is, we're keeping a close eye on how prices are moving in the market, especially labor freight and electronic components. We are constantly training and educating our sales teams so that they are aware about what's happening on the operation side so that they can have productive dialogue with our customers. And through Q4. we've navigated that well and that gives us a lot of confidence going into 2022.
Amol Chaubal: Yes, thanks. That's a great question. So as we get into 2022, our focus is to drive productivity gains through various different initiatives that are in place across service productivity, operational excellence in manufacturing, both direct and indirect procurement programs, as well as things like digitization and building capability center in India. And those will provide a great amount of space for us to fund the high growth adjacencies that we've talked about. And so net of that we think, as we've said at JPMorgan conference, allows us to deliver 20 to 30 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. And that's what is embedded in our guide. So we've guided at 30% to 30.5% versus 30.2% for 2021. So at the higher end of the guide, you do get the 20 to 30 basis points that we had –
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean, as we've traditionally seen, you would see service growth at the midpoint of the guide. Instrument growth is slightly lower than that and chemistry growth is slightly about that about two percentage points spread plus or minus.
Amol Chaubal: I just wanted to add on the previous question, so on the academics and government, China is one area of focus for us because if you look at China, we grew on a stack basis in [indiscernible] constant currency, industrial stack 16%. But what brought it down was academics and government. And we are laser focused on revitalizing growth in that business. There are two parts to the problem, part of it is our own commercial execution, which we are focused on. But there's also drag from the VAT reimbursement issue, which we think will progressively resolve over the course of 2022.
