Chris O'Connell: Great, thank you Sherry. As we move through 2018 we will continue to emphasize execution across our businesses. As I stated before, while we delivered on the earnings line, we did not meet our top line expectations in Q1. We understand the causes are addressing them now and our key business drivers provide us with confidence in our outlook for the remainder of the year and for the long-term. With that we will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we are not able to always get everyone’s questions, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please contact the Waters Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, can we have the first question.
Chris O'Connell: Sure yes, I know. Tycho thanks for the question. As you know the mass spec business is traditionally lumpy for us and particularly in the first quarter of the year. So let's keep the context of the first quarter. And speaking directly to the territory realignment we have done a lot of interesting work on enhancing our growth strategies. And in the U.S. and in Western Europe as well we've made some very important changes that will help the business, we've added positions. And I honestly say that some of that process took a little longer through the quarter and impacted the quarter a little bit more than we expected. It's behind us now and we do expect improvement. We are not assuming an immediate bounce back, but we're certainly assuming an improvement. As it relates to our position in mass spec, we feel really good about our product position in the core tandem quad area. As you know the Xevo TQ-XS is a relatively new product in the market that's making a lot of progress across different research applications including bio analysis. We've got strength with our TQ-S micro with a very accessible simple tandem quad and the TQD, we have strength of the single quad categories well with the QDa. I think in the area of high resolution mass spec, we have a good solid platform, but we also have a lot of exciting new technology coming to that field. So we feel good about our pipeline, as well. And again I think we just saw in the quarter a little more accentuated lumpiness particularly in a couple of key end markets like biomedical research and we saw that primarily in the U.S. market. And that combined with some of the earlier disruption on territory realignment kind of compounded to create that difference. So again we're looking at the rest of the year, we're looking at the core demand that we see really in all markets in a good product portfolio and are confident that we'll see recovery there.
Chris O'Connell: Yes I mean industrial was a little slow off to start as you pointed out a small decline. Keep in mind we had a 9% comp in prior year industrial. I'd say interestingly in industrial one of the main culprits was China. Industrial was a little bit lumpy there we had a very strong quarter in China Pharma which is really our core. But as we looked at a couple of geographies in particular partially affected by some of that mass spec commentary, some of the miscellaneous areas were a little weak in industrial. But as you sort of point out TA Instruments it’s really our best proxy for the industrial market category and TA was rock solid across the board really every geography in a broad participation of product lines from thermal, to reality, to microcalorimeter and even electroforce. And really give us that confidence that the industrial end markets are promising for the year. That's certainly backed up by a lot of the macro economic data that we see. And so we have high expectations for our industrial category over the balance of the year.
Chris O'Connell: Sure happy to comment further on India. I would say that we didn't fully anticipate the kind of end of year buying behavior of these companies after the year they've been through. We did mention GST, we talked a lot about that last year. I think we really felt that the bulk of that hit in our third quarter last year which would have been India’s second quarter. And we did see some improvement in Q4. There were also other things going on in the Indian economy such as demonetization and other regulation changes. And really at the end of the year a lot of the multinational Indian customers which represent the vast majority of our customer base were cautious and they pushed business into the year we just started. They were cautious because they were protecting their balance sheets and P&Ls like you might expect. I was actually in India about three or four weeks ago, personally. And what I can tell you from my visit is that the order pipeline was solid. We did have a little bit of a backlog build in India as a result of this dynamic which gives me some confidence. And I think the overall tone of the customers was positive. I spent a full day in Hyderabad visiting pharmaceutical customers of all types. I met with three CEOs of Indian pharmaceutical customers. And I can tell you that market continues to invest, that market continues to compete for the largest share of the worldwide generic drug market. And as you know India historically has not always been on a straight line and sometimes there were fits and starts. And I think that’s what we've seen with a little bigger accentuation given that the end of year dynamics. So overall our outlook for India is positive. We're confident in our team. Like with the mass spec point earlier we're not actually assuming it all bounces back immediately. We expect improvement in the current quarter and then continuing improvement upon that. So I think we've taken a balanced outlook, but I think have a very good handle on the Indian dynamic, but it definitely was a pothole in the quarter.
Chris O'Connell: Yes Ross maybe I'll make a – try to make a general comment. Again we don't want to really break out everything in excruciating detail because very well that this business is hard to look at on a one quarter basis and I wouldn't want to over extrapolate one quarter. You really have to look at it over a rolling basis. But if you look at it the midst to our expectations and I won't perfectly quantify it, but I look at – what the way I look at it is we have a certain expectation for our business. And what I'm focused on is where the delta was relative to our expectations and that's why I highlighted mass spec in India. About three quarters of the miss in our expectations related to the mass spec category just to give you a little bit a feel. And we think the reasons within that category are very explainable, very understandable, very addressable. As you know also that Q1 is our smallest quarter and tends to be more variable. On the mass spec side we have 80% of the year remaining. And we typically see investments particular in mass spec really balanced over the course of the year that's the dynamic we saw last year and what we're planning on for the rest of this year.
Chris O'Connell: I don't know there might be a little bit of – that interpretation might be a little bit conservative. And the way I'd say it is if we had a gap in Q1, we're expecting kind of an equal part recovery of that gap over the course of the year. We've not assumed to your point an immediate snap back, but we're also not pushing it all to the back half of the year either. We do expect improvement and to make up some of our gap from Q1 in Q2 and we expect kind of a relatively equal proportion of that make up over the course of the year. We – giving us confidence in making that statement include some of the things I've said around these specific issues that held us back in Q1, as well as a reasonable order pipeline heading into the quarter. We don't want to quantify our backlog per our usual practice, but we do a good about our order pipeline heading into the quarter.
Chris O'Connell: Yes and I hope and that makes the comments about how we expect to build over the year to be pretty steady how that will…
Chris O'Connell: No Amanda I think to be recurring revenues by a large met our expectations. Sherry did mention, there was one fewer selling day in the quarter which is a small matter but some service plans are booked by selling day, that you has a tiny effect. Really we feel very good about our service business in terms of the rising attach rates of service plan contracts continued contribution of our professional services line. And then from a consumable standpoint does to your point as we continue to see UPLC find its way into more and more applications. We do operate with higher margin chemistries and higher attach rates. So we feel that that like we've seen in history that the recurring side of the business should grow at or slightly ahead of the rate of the corporate average.
Chris O'Connell: I don’t know that I have a lot more to add it's very much a routine process in building our sales force in terms of both expanding it as well as giving us more end customer specific capabilities. We were really excited about some of the evolutions we're making, most of that was in the U.S. and some in Western Europe in the quarter although as you know we continue to add significantly in Asia. But we ended up with more open territories over the course of the quarter than originally planned. And good news is that that hiring process has gone well. It affected us a little more than we thought, but just wanted to give you some flavor for that type of transition and its contribution to what we saw in the quarter. But we feel good about our team and we're excited about these evolutions which are very natural as a company scales and builds out the channel.
Chris O'Connell: Yes thanks Puneet. I appreciate the question. In the quarter I mentioned some of the higher resolution mass spec and clearly a little lumpier in that higher end category I did also mention our product position in tandem quads in the market now being very strong and our pipeline being very, very strong at the higher-end. I agree with you. I think the evolution of mass spec technology in the biomolecules, particularly in development and ultimately in the later-stage operational regulated workflows is a big trend. I think we're investing towards that. We're very excited about the progress of our bio tough system in product development – in the later stages of product development. We also have a number of other very significant advances in the highest resolution mass spectrometry area that we don't want to talk too much about right now, but you know over the coming year we will. And so we feel good about the future of this particular product line and the innovations that we're bringing forward, and expect that over the course of the year some of the things that held us back in Q1 to correct themselves.
Chris O'Connell: Yes India is by and large an HPLC market but it's also a very strong informatics market as well. And really it's in that core pharma area that we saw the weakness in the quarter. We have a small bright spot in India in more of the government sectors or relates to mass spec for food applications, but that's a pretty small part of the business. So I think the Indian market is going to continue to be dominated by the pharma world particularly the generic pharma world. And beyond that probably the area that that we see the most potential in is the food testing area.
Chris O'Connell: Sure. So the two new products are the ACQUITY PLUS, which is an enhancement of the overall ACQUITY platform it’s outlined in then the ACUITY ARC bio, which is taking the arc platform, which as you know is a transitional technology between HPLC and UHPLC methods. And making it more directly compatible with bio molecules just like we have an UPLC already the ACQUITY bio now we have the ACQUITY ACR bio. Interesting enough the ACQUITY ACR historically has been a little more of an emerging markets product is strongest start off the launch was really in China. But as we see the trend of product development on a large molecule we see this ACQUITY ACR bio being much more broadly adopted product and we’re excited about that. On the ACQUITY PLUS, I think, that just adds to the breadth and strength of the family and again the key driver for UPLC methods has been in some of the more – in really biotech end of the market and new drugs that are being developed. There we've talked about before there's really not an upgrade cycle as it relates to people migrating a particular molecule from HPLC to UPLC it's really when new molecules are being developed. And certainly as we look at some of the bigger opportunities in developing QA/QC in biotech, UPLC is really going to be the standard we believe and that's why we continue to invest in that platform.
Chris O'Connell: No I don't think so. I think we've tried to provide a balanced outlook. And maybe it's oversimplifying but at the lower end of the range that would assume a slower recovery of some of the factors we've talked about and at the higher end of the range that would assume a higher and faster recovery. And both scenarios are possible. And that’s why we try to give a range that incorporates a reasonable probability of anything in the range which would kind of land us towards that midpoint.
Chris O'Connell: Yes I would agree that the U.S. was better, but we're not fully satisfied with the U.S. And you know Canada was a little bit down which impacted North America but Canada tends to be quite lumpy given that it's driven more by tenders. I think the U.S. is still a work in process and some of the territory realignment I outlined earlier was a factor in the U.S. So I'm watching the U.S. very closely I have high hopes for the U.S. I think the U.S. is a solid market and certainly feels better as a market towards the end of last year and heading into this year than it did a year ago because I recall a year ago there were so many questions about tax reform and other government policy that it was a sluggish start to the year. So we saw improvement in the U.S. over the course of the year, it's okay right now starting off in this year but I actually expect better from the U.S. as well.
Chris O'Connell: No I don't there's a direct tie, I think the mass spec factors that hit us in the quarter were somewhat isolated to some of the dynamics I described earlier. And then like I implied in the call if you look at the core LC instrumentation we did we did just fine we met our expectations and we feel good about our portfolio and the outlook for the year. So we like our strategic position in having a strong LC and mass spec combination. And we expect to leverage that advantage throughout the future in particular bringing more and more LC plus MS type workflows together. So I think I wouldn't read too much into the LC business on that score.
Chris O'Connell: Yes I'd say in general the part of the materials our industrial franchise that we feel best about right now is really in the core TA thermal reality type business. And that had a good year last year, a good finish, a good start to this year. As we've talked about we feel good about the industrial end markets overall, we feel great about our product position in that category. And really besides that I'd say the food category is one that's garnered a lot of attention. I think there's a lot of interest in a broad range of players in food safety and food testing. In fact I was personally invited last week and participated in a IMF World Bank panel in Washington D.C. with a variety of health ministers talking about capacity building and investments in countries of all types, including lesser developed countries in food safety testing methods. And our organization has done a great job over time really developing a presence of mind in that market in thought leadership. And so I think in the short and long term we expect that market to be a priority for us and for the world. Really if you look at all the categories you described, I think, outlook for us is more balanced and that's certainly what we're expecting out of those end markets and we'll continue to provide color as that develops.
Chris O'Connell: Yes Jack I think I've covered the specific dynamics in terms of what we think happened in the quarter again a smaller lumpier quarter for us some things accentuated that. And no I don't think there was any change in competitive dynamic in the quarter. If you take a look back at last year, we had a really solid mass spec year in 2017, we grew in the upper single digits in mass spec for the year last year. And it's not like we come into Q1 and all of that changes. We like our competitive position in mass spec. There's some areas that we have a stronger position in the market and others where we have a strong product development pipeline. So I think our view is that those factors that I described fully earlier explain the quarter. We're watching it closely, we’re intent upon demonstrating improvement and continue to give you color on it. But the overall competitive dynamic, I think, doesn't change in one quarter like that.
Chris O'Connell: Yes I know I think Steve your read of it is very accurate, the themes are correct and I don't want to overly quantify it. But there's also a tale of the comparison as well China had a fantastic quarter a year ago and a very significant quarter in both pharma and industrial. So about half of the business in China is pharma and we were pleased with our China pharma growth on a very big comp. Industrial was off a little bit again due to some of the traditional lumpiness of those end markets, but again off a very, very large comp. The research sequitur was strong in China. As I mentioned particularly in the governmental food research areas. And I contrast that with the independent lab food testing which was more in the industrial category, but the research end of that was very strong and drove growth in China with a little easier of a comparison. So overall we expected the type of performance that we saw in China. And all of our assumptions in terms of what we're expecting for the year in China are still out there for us and we're confident our team there.
Chris O'Connell: Yes I guess if I go back to your first point there Steve, I think, sometimes the temptation is to parse things pretty finally on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But what we've seen in this business is that trends look – are a little more so explainable if you will over kind of a rolling period. So again we look at the quarter and the dynamics and we think a lot of the things that happened in the quarter are very specific and explainable at least from our standpoint to some dynamics in a couple of key products segments and geographies. And then we take a look at that and step back and look at trends that to your point come from prior year and extend out into this year and try to make a forecast as best we can on some of the broader macro trends. But at the end of the day the worldwide pharma market looks solid, this sector continues to invest, and produce and grow. The industrial market by many measurements including some of our internal ones appears to be stable and robust and we see a good balance as we go over the course of the year. I can’t explain questions of year end, or beginning of your budget flush and things like that, there are too many nuances in that equation and I wouldn't over interpret any of that. I would just take on its face some of the things that we've talked about in Q1. But also our read of the end markets will continue to lean into that. We’ll continue to try to better understand these trends, and explain them best we can and make sure we're focused on executing against a variety of different assumptions in our plan.
Chris O'Connell: Well again to your point on the margins, despite the softness on the top line in Q1, which is our smallest quarter of the year, we were very pleased with our operating performance and we delivered some modest operating leverage, while actually growing our R&D expense faster than our top line. So we continue to invest for growth. And of course we're anticipating an improvement in the revenue line. But we feel we have sufficient operating control to feel good about protecting our earnings although for us growth is the key. We’re investing for growth, we're expecting growth and we're expecting to work through some of the things that held us back in Q1. And deliver in that range of our guidance that we've given. 
Chris O'Connell: Okay I think we're out of time here. So I do want to thank everybody for your great questions. In conclusion, we remain focused on delivering our growth plans for 2018, headlined by strength in our core pharmaceutical market, continued growth in TA and broad based growth in China. We believe that market conditions in our strong competitive position support continuing success. So on behalf of our entire management team I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q2 2018 call which we currently anticipate holding on July 24, 2018. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Sherry Buck: Yes so just building off of that our revenue guidance is the 46% and the FX is expected to be positive about 2% to 3%, might take an opportunity to talk about the EPS. We’ve raised it at the midpoint, the factors going into that were upbeat Q1, some improvement in FX and interest and remaining constant on our full year tax rate guidance. We had some favorability from discrete items in the quarter but expect that to normalize. So those are the factors that go into the EPS guidance.
Sherry Buck: Yes just to clarify that our guidance is 4% to 6% constant currency growth and we expect FX to have an impact of 2% to 3%.
Sherry Buck: Derik this is Sherry. So on our tax rate I'd say the impact of tax reform is really what is driving our full year guidance to the 13% to 15% versus last year. It's about 2% higher. I say there's still a lot of moving parts and really seeing all the regulations coming out supporting the U.S. tax reform Q1 I can say was one more favorable than what we were expecting because of some very discrete items. Our expectation is, is that will normalize throughout the remaining quarters. And so our full guidance still remains at 13% to 15%. And I wouldn't necessarily assume that it would be at the lower end.
Sherry Buck: Sure, yes, so just that jumping into that, so for of the current year 2018 our plan is $800 million worth of share repurchases. With the new authorization, with what we have remaining from first quarter on that and the new one so a total of $3.5 billion to be spread over three years. So we feel really good about the sustainability over the next three years to be able to return, really greater than one hundred percent of our free cash flow to share repurchases. And that's up from 50% last year. So we have $800 million baked into our guidance. And we’ll evaluate opportunities as we go, but I think it's just reinforcing our sustained share buyback program over the next several years.
Ross Muken: I just want to pulling in again just on Q2. So if we just do the walk from Q1 to Q2 obviously it seems like on the capital equipment side is still being priorities [ph] declining. Can you kind of confirm that because that’s the only way I could see you guys getting to sort of 2% to 3% growth? And then is there a way you can size kind of the level of disruption of the mass spec just because it feels like relevant to the size of that business overall and sort of first half growth we're going to see from this business which is kind of below, yes well below the mid singles we’re used to. It's got to be a pretty decent up the delta versus just India or some of the other parts that seem a bit maybe off from what was originally anticipated? And because we imply again to Dan’s question the implied back half around has to that on the instrument side just given the comps. And so I'm just trying to figure out all of that math.
Ross Muken: And just to be clear, just to triple check, the 2Q organic guide is 2% to 3%, correct, not 4% to 6%? Because I think what Sherry said that it was sort of not obvious to us, a number of us if that was reported organic.
Ross Muken: Okay, well that changes things. So that's a huge clarification. I'm glad I checked, then done the ramp in the back half makes more sense, because I think a number of us were assuming it was 4% to 6% reported and then less the FX, so that makes it a lot more helpful. Alright, thank you so much for that clarification.
