Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. I would like now to give you a brief update on our progress towards leaving the world better than we found it, which is how we think about ESG. We work alongside wonderful people here at Waters, and I'm always proud when others recognize their talent and hard work. Our colleagues were recognized in the quarter for their achievements and contributions to separation science, excellence in manufacturing and for being champions of LGBTQ and women's benefits in the workplace.   I would also like to congratulate Dr. Philip Wyatt, the founder of Wyatt Technology for receiving the esteemed Pittcon Heritage Award earlier this year. Dr. Wyatt's groundbreaking contributions to laser light scattering technology have paved the way for industry-leading advancements. From a corporate standpoint, Waters has once again been honored by Barron's, earning a place on its list of the 100 most sustainable companies in 2024. Additionally, we are delighted to announce that S&P Global has included Waters in its 2024 sustainability yearbook.   Separately, our commitment to robust governance practices was recently highlighted by the New England Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors. We were honored to have Massachusetts Governor, Maura Healey present Waters with the 2024 public company Board of the Year Award. After recently committing to SBTI, which is the science-based targets initiative, we are now building on the excellent progress we made in reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. We're in the process of setting new standards towards a long-term reduction in emissions and aligning our business with the 1.5 degree centigrade future.   Now to summarize, we're pleased with how the first quarter landed versus our expectations, which supports our full year guidance. We remain on track to achieving the 2024 objectives and look forward to building on this strength as the year progresses. Our long-term growth profile remains excellent, and we are aligned to secular tailwinds that are stronger than ever in our attractive markets. With our robust financial profile and balanced capital allocation strategy, we have an excellent platform to deliver sustained value for our shareholders.  So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar. 
Udit Batra: Look, China came in better than we expected. But I'll remind you, it's still declining in the high 20s. Now we expect that to continue for at least the first half of the year. Q2 will also see a decline and the second half of the year, we'll start to see a little bit of growth given the weakening comps as the year progresses. Now coming back to Q1, to your question on what changed? I mean you just have to go back to late 2023 when we basically said, look, we think across all end markets, especially pharma, we've seen a bottoming out of the volume.   And from that baseline, we started to see better activity especially on the replacement of LCs in our Branded Generics segment and something that we had talked about in the last quarter as well. Now it's early days, right? We're starting to see a turn as customers start to replace this sort of highly aging LC fleet. So remember, we again talked about it at the end of last year. When you look at the 5-year stack growth of LC instruments for China, in particular, it's down now almost double digits, about 8% to 9% versus a year versus 5 years.   So with that as a baseline, we expect to see the replacement cycle initiate and we've started to see that already in Q1. Now to put things in perspective, there's also a fair amount of talk on the new stimulus and the stimulus itself is very different than the previous one. It appears it's going to roll over a 3-year period. It's 3x in size, and it explicitly calls out instrument replacement, so which encourages us, but we have not incorporated that into the guide for the full year, which now we're basically saying is likely to be low double-digit decline as opposed to the high teens decline that we had talked about when we gave the full year guidance.   So China will likely be a little bit better than we had anticipated. And just coming back to the stimulus and looking ahead, I would not -- while we have not incorporated that into our guidance explicitly, I would not underestimate the importance of that on the psychology of CapEx spending, especially the replacement cycle. And as that sort of starts rolling out towards the latter half of the year and towards late 2024 and early 2025, we should see the sentiment improve and likely start of the replacement cycle in earnest. 
Udit Batra: Vijay, thank you for the 2 questions. So let me just sort of take a step back and provide some context, right? I mean, as you know, Q1 is the toughest quarter for Waters to predict, right? It's our smallest quarter of the year, and this is when customers start to think through the total CapEx spend for the year and also think through the phasing of that CapEx right? So we took advantage of that. And I personally met several customers across Europe and in the United States, across pharma, across A&G, across our industrial segments, across our clinical segments with our teams.   And really, there are 3 main takeaways. First, the quality of the funnel, the quality of the orders is way higher than what we saw a year ago across all of the segments, especially in pharma -- both in pharma and in biotech across Europe and the U.S. Second, when you look at the traction of our new products, our new products are gaining a ton of traction and are being used heavily by our customers. And they're waiting to sort of adopt Alliance iS in earnest, you can go across the portfolio. It's being received extremely well. And third, the question on phasing, while the orders are firm and strong, the CapEx spending is firm, given that it is decided in the late -- in the latter part of Q1, we think it's safe to assume that you'll only start to see the benefit late in Q2 and more so in the second half of the year.   So the funnel is weighted towards later in Q2 and the second half of the year. So that's what sort of has gone into our overall thinking. Now there are 2 big takeaways. One, we have increased confidence in our full year guide as a consequence of these discussions. And second, on the phasing, we simply went back and said, okay, let's just look at the last 15 years. Over the last 15 years, the Q2 usually is a step-up from Q1 of about 11% to 12%, right? And so we assumed a 10% step-up from Q1 to Q2.   And then first half versus second half, I mean, historically, it's basically, again, over the last 15 years, almost like clockwork. First half is 45% and the second half is 55% of revenues. So that's basically what the algorithm we used to look at the phasing of the guide from a revenue perspective. But overall, really increased confidence in the full year guide given the strengthening of the funnel and conversations across the globe and across customer segments and second, the phasing is basically rooted in history. 
Udit Batra: Yes. And then I think you asked about the U.S., in particular, what are we seeing in the U.S. Look, I mean, as I said, I spent a fair amount of time with customers across the globe. And one of those was a large customer in the Midwest, where I spent a whole day with about 12 to 13 folks from the customer across many different departments, across development, manufacturing, QA/QC. And we talked deeply about what they envision for CapEx, which I sort of earlier commented on, and the CapEx is very robust.   Second, we talked about the use of our new products, think about in-line testing with LCs, think about our columns, think about the upgrades for empower. The software, really, really well received. And we talked about the phasing of the spend, which also, again, is still sort of late Q2 and back half weighted. But to put it all in perspective, if you look at the U.S. itself, the 5 years stack, Michael, is still pretty healthy. It's in the mid- to high single digits, right?   So there is really no drama outside of China. I mean we've had 2 exceptional years in ex-China sales. And now you have a little bit of a lull, but the activity looks extremely good, gives us confidence of what we are planning for the full year. So as I said, no drama, no new news, but just other than the fact that new products are gaining traction and customers have much more robust orders than they did a year ago. 
Udit Batra: And Michael, to build on it, again, from to customer conversations, I had an opportunity spent some time last week with one of our largest academic customers who has a hospital attached to it. And basically, we talked at length about characterization of lipid nanoparticles, which as you will know, are used for delivery of mRNA, both vaccines and therapeutics as we go forward, an area of intense interest across academia and industry. And these folks specialize in characterizing lipid nanoparticles, which can often be aggregated of different -- and have different sizes and shapes. Lights -- they basically use SEC columns from Waters and light scattering equipment to characterize these aggregates. In addition, what I learned is that they're piloting the use of field flow fractionation, which is another instrument that Wyatt makes as a precursor to using SEC malls, right?   And field to fractionation, if -- and the early experiments indicate a really positive outcome. If those experiments work well, could become a mainstay for any experiment that is done to separate these aggregates. And the same idea then applies to AAVs, which is -- which are viral vectors used for cell and gene therapy or other particles, that are used in biologics. So very excited about what we're seeing in Waters, really a great cultural fit, well ahead of all synergy targets and customer conversations even give me more confidence. So in the mid- to long-term, we expect it to continue to be accretive to growth and to margins. 
Udit Batra: I think, Matt, thanks for the question. And again, I'll remind you, we had the same discussion when we looked at Q3 versus Q4 of 2023, and there was a lot of discussion on the ramp. And I think we, again, landed at the higher end of what we were predicting. So a difficult business overall to predict if you have high average selling price instruments. But I think we have so much statistics from the history of Waters, gives us a lot of confidence and couple that with discussions that we've had with customers that we think the full year guide is fully intact. And quarter-on-quarter, there's a lot more time to talk about it as we see how Q2 evolves on the ramp between Q3 and Q4. But history should be a decent guide if you're really looking at that sort of modeling between quarters. 
Udit Batra: I think what Amol saying is it's arithmetic and customer conversations give us confidence that we have a pretty good set of visibility. 
Udit Batra: Yes, I think you nailed it, it's really difficult comps. I mean it is our smallest segment, in particular, anyway. So you see an exaggerated drop if you just look at year-on-year. And again, if you look at sort of the long-term trend and which is sort of the best way to look at Waters in any case, even in A&G what you find is the 5-year comp is at the low single digit, 5-year CAGR is at the low single-digit range. And ex-China, as I keep saying, there's really no drama ex-China, you're at almost 2% to 3% growth versus what we saw 5 years ago on a CAGR basis.  And China is down about sort of mid -- low to mid-single digits in the academic segment. Again, given the comps from last year, but also a little bit more exaggerated weakness. 
Udit Batra: And Rachel, just to embellish on this, and that's a very good sort of insightful question, just to embellish on what Amol said, on the minus 30% for Q1, it came minus 28%, Q1, it came above our expectations, largely because we started to see customers who have aging LC fleets in branded generics start to move, right? So we started to see that signal, which is a positive sign. And as I commented earlier, as the stimulus starts to roll in towards the latter part of the year, that should have a positive impact on the psychology for spending CapEx.  And I'll remind you that we're sort of almost 50% delinquent on these replacements in the Branded Generics segment, which is the largest segment for LCs in China. So we expect that to turn at some point and the psychology will have a lot to do with it. And on BIOSECURE, I mean it's a net neutral for us at the end, right? I mean we've already bottomed out on CDMOs at -- in China, and I think as customers look for help in transferring from one vendor to another, we stand ready to help them. 
Udit Batra: Everything and anything about the stimulus, Rachel. Look, the timing, I don't have much more to add than what I said earlier. I think latter half of the year. We are indeed working with several customers on their plans for the stimulus as they hear more across the country. And it is a broad stimulus. I mean this time around, it's a 3-year stimulus, it's 3x in size. It's quite broad across virtually every customer segment, not just limited to A&G. And frankly speaking, I don't know what people -- if they got extra money in academic -- academia, what they would do with it because they've sort of been chockful.  And I remember I commented sort of in Q3 last year about how many instruments they bought high res instruments and how many are still in boxes. So I don't expect much of it to go to high-tier A&G customers, but definitely beyond that, there is a lot of conversation across many different customer segments as they plan and they learn more about the details of the stimulus. But I would not -- and so we have not incorporated that into the guide, and I would not expect that impact sooner than sort of later this year and in earnest first part of next year.  So good conversations with customers, planning going on, like you've heard it from others but a broader one, not just limited to academia across industrial, across pharma and the psychological impact I would not underestimate, as I said before, because I think we're operating at a significant deficit on LC instruments and Branded Generics. 
Udit Batra: It's a great question. Look, Patrick, let's just take a full step back on Waters, right? As you know and many on the call know, we've grown instruments roughly 5%. And I know your question is targeted towards instruments. Instruments have grown on average 5% over the last 15 years, right? And those statistics are sort of easily available given that we've not done a lot of M&A. You can look at our longitudinal history on instruments, right? So about 5% on average, but no year is actually 5% on the dot, right? There are 5 that are well below 5 that are well above and 5 close to the average, right?  So you start with that. And since I've been at the company in the last 3.5 years, we've seen a microcosm of that already, right? So 2 years of 20-plus percent growth and now a bit of decline in instrument growth rate. We didn't get too excited when things were at 20-plus percent growth for several quarters in a row. And we said this is not going to last just given the long-term averages. And we're not so phased when we look at what we are seeing now. And now let me sort of address your question just with that as context, it's very difficult to predict a quarter-on-quarter rollout of instruments for Waters.  But I think it's more instructive to look at the 5-year average, especially when you think about LC. And a 5-year CAGR for LC is operating now at the low single-digit level. In China, it's almost double-digit decline. So we are due for a replacement cycle to begin very soon in LC instrumentation. And remember, these are used in QA/QC. So you can't forever defer these replacements. And the conversations that we've had with customers, and as I said, I spent a whole day with one of our largest customers, especially in QA/QC, they are raring to go and start the replacement cycles, right, on LCs.  The aging fleet is not something that they want to have, especially for new launches, which are going to be high volume and, of course, marketed compounds. So I think things are trending in the right direction. But again, I mean, just put this all in context, there's really, again, one shouldn't get too excited when you see high growth and decline, especially for our instrument portfolio. And when you look at the full year, again, I'll remind you that it's a 45, 55 average for the overall business, right?  First half, 45%, second half, 55%, and that's what we've assumed for the full year phasing overall, and the step-up in the second quarter is roughly 10%. So just sort of give you broad sort of signpost. But the conversations were with a QA -- with a heavy focus on QA/QC. And we see replacement -- signs of replacement cycles beginning both in China, which we commented on earlier, ex-China. 
Udit Batra: Yes. And then just to sort of, again, embellish just a little bit, Doug, and summarize. First, yes, I mean, the discussions with customers are increasingly positive, but we felt we want to see that land first before we start assuming that it has come, right? So you can imagine, given how difficult it is to predict instrument businesses year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter is even trickier -- a trickier exercise. So yes, the conversations are positive, but we want to see it land and then we'll have -- hopefully, you're right, and then we can have another discussion at the end of Q2 that looks a little bit different.  Second, on China, it's a pure math issue, right? I mean the year has started better than we expected, but the second half of the year is when all the weakness was plugged in -- into the overall numbers. So you see second half being slightly -- basically flattish to slight growth. But if you put it all together, I mean, there is no drama ex-China. It's low single-digit growth prediction for the full year across the different customer segments, especially pharma and academia. And in China, it's a low double-digit decline after a very significant decline in the previous year. So really, there's not a lot of risk, as I look at it after the conversations that we've recently had with customers, the visibility we currently have. 
Udit Batra: So Catherine, thank you for the question. Look, pharma overall even last year grew low single digits for us for the full year. And the full year guide again is low single-digit growth. Q1 was sort of a low single-digit decliner, but the conversations with customers make us even more confident that the full year guide is very much intact for a low single-digit growth in pharma. And as I said before, look, first, the orders look much more firm than they did a year ago across biotech and across pharma.  Second, when I look at what traction our products have especially the products that are meant to solve problems for large molecules, be it in columns. And I talked about that in the prepared remarks, be it in analysis using light scattering or using mass spec and LC the products have an extremely, extremely good traction. And as far as phasing is concerned, it's the same commentary that I provided overall. Look, Q1 came in as we expected for pharma and as we roll through the year, basically, the comps get a little bit easier. And so you see us landing at the full -- landing the full year with a low single-digit growth for pharma. 
Amol Chaubal: Yes. No. I mean, Mike, at this point, we are just derisking the remainder of the guide, right? We had better expectations of China, based on how we are executing in that market, and we're keeping our full year guide flat. 
Amol Chaubal: Yes, look, I mean, on Wyatt, we're making fantastic progress, right? All the synergies that we laid out at the beginning of the acquisition, like cross-selling, like attaching our LC seamlessly to the instrument, like attaching our columns with their shipments have all progressed ahead of schedule, including sort of a beta version of bringing light scattering on Empower.   Now keep in mind, right, Q1 is a really small quarter and for instruments, especially and when things sort of slip a couple of weeks here and there, it causes that distortion. And that's why we sort of tweaked down Wyatt to 1.1% versus 1.3% M&A contribution. But way that acquisition is going, we are super happy where we are in that journey and really look forward to bringing light scattering into QA/QC. 
Amol Chaubal: So Matt, thanks for your question. And look, I mean, we executed well to finish at the higher end of our Q1 guide, right? And that sort of keeps us on track for our full year sales guide. And as Udit discussed, our Q2 guide is essentially 10% higher than Q1, which has been sort of our historical trend pre-pandemic. And our second half guide is also very much consistent with how we've historically performed, which is a 45-55 split. So we generally expect the breakdown between Q3 and Q4 to also follow that historical trend for 2024. 
Amol Chaubal: Yes. I mean on a growth basis, it looks a little weird, but that's because of last year, right? The weakness progressively stepped in China and pretty much Q3 and Q4, there was no incremental meaningful bad news out of China, but a lot of that was not reflected in Q1 and Q2. And that's why it sort of it plays out in the growth purely from the baseline effect mostly from China. 
Amol Chaubal: So look, I mean, great question. As you sort of travel through last year, Q2, Q3, Q4, we saw weakness creep in on different elements of the pharma business in China. But as I said earlier in Q3 and Q4, there was no incremental bad news out of China, and that trend sort of has continued into Q1. And so in a way, what played out, what you see in terms of the decline, is largely baseline related where China, from a pharma point of view has bottomed out and there is no incremental headwind coming into the business.  But we are also not seeing sort of growth in activity, both in CDMOs or in branded generics or in biotechs in China. So if anything, let's call it stable. Now on your second point, which is around the BIOSECURE Act, I mean, look, with the weakness that we observed in 2023, the baseline is largely corrected in China for submarkets like CDMOs, right, including Wuxi.  We are -- what we are seeing in the market is customers are taking proactive measures to secure their supply chain. And when they are doing that, our service organization, which is really well respected in the industry and plays a pivotal role in these tech transfers are deeply embedded when these moves happen, right? I mean, our role is to support customers in their pursuits and our customers really value our support when they go through situations like this and move products from one site to another. 
Amol Chaubal: Dan, yes, I mean, look, the product mix is helping at this point, especially given lower instrument mix, that's contributing about 30 basis points. But keep in mind, there was also a good 70 to 80 basis points of FX headwind that we offsetted, right? So the remaining delta is favorably coming from price and some of the productivity initiatives in manufacturing. 
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean, already in Q1, we put good numbers on board and continued our good financial performance. As you get into second half of the year, keep in mind, the proactive cost actions that we took are already in the baseline, and there will be some headwind as we accrue for bonuses. So you may not see meaningful margin expansion in the second half, net of those 2 effects, but we would have mostly covered our ground for the 20 to 30 basis points of margin expansion mostly in the first half. So we will still end up delivering an adjusted operating margin expansion of 20 to 30 basis points. 
Amol Chaubal: Yes. Look, I mean, where we stand at this point, one may say, look, your Q2 guidance is conservative given there was some delay in budget releases in Q1. And we've been prudent there just to stay with our historical norm, right? Q3, Q4, we have some visibility in CRM. But the sales cycle, as you know, is 6, 9 months, so you don't have all the visibility, but it's still in line with the historical pattern, and we are seeing increased activity at early stages in our pipeline, which we think will convert into orders as the year progresses, right?  If you look at ex-China pretty much across these quarters, it is on a 5-year stack basis, a little lower, mid-single digits. So again, as Udit said, there is no noise ex-China. And really what plays out in the growth guide is how progressively the decline in China translates to a modest increase in the second half of the year, and that's what we are modeling. There could be upside on China, if China performs well. And we did some of that in our guide where we saw a little bit better China, and we derisk the remainder of the guide.  On your second question on the margin, I mean, as I said earlier, right, a lot of the cost work we did last year is in the second half baseline. So you're going to see very modest, if any, margin expansion in the second half, but we would have covered most of the ground on the 20 to 30 basis points of full year margin expansion in the first half. And China, I mean, stimulus is not in our guide. We expect very little towards the end of the year, if any, because a lot of things need to be worked out there. But we are super encouraged by what the government is doing, both in terms of the size and the tenure of the stimulus and the secondary effect it will have on the local mentality and purchase patterns. 
