Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar. And good morning, everyone. Along with Caspar, joining me on this morning's call is Amol Chaubal, Waters' Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We have reported another quarter of strong, broad-based momentum across our portfolio and geographies. We first thank our over 7,000 colleagues around the globe who represent the indomitable spirit of Waters.  Our teams have remained focused on supporting our customers and developing and delivering exciting new products, despite the continuing impact of the pandemic. September 1st, marked one year since I joined the Company, and what a year it has been. I'm often asked what is different. I would first like to talk about what is the same, because that is what is giving us the ability to compete more effectively.  Our brand stands for these scientific expertise, a clear understanding of our customers' challenges, and courage to invest in game-changing innovation. This remains the same. What we have injected with our new leadership team is a stronger focus on execution, a sense of urgency and accountability. We are a work in progress, but the trend is positive. Now moving to Slide 3, which summarizes where we are on our journey.  Firstly, we're sustaining our commercial momentum with another strong quarter, delivering SPAC sales growth of 6%, showing solid business performance with minimum COVID ailment. Meanwhile, our commercial initiatives and strong traction of new products by Premier Columns and instruments and Arc HPLC were Venn positioned to deliver market plus growth through 2022.  Finally, we're building on this momentum by taking decisive steps in solving key problems that are present in higher growth adjacencies, like Biologics Manufacturing. I will now provide a brief overview of our third quarter operating results, as well as commentary on our end markets geographies and technologies. Amol will then review our financial results in did you guys provide comments on our updated financial outlook, we will then open up the phone lines to take your questions.  Moving now to slide 4, in the third quarter, our revenue grew 11% as reported, and on a constant currency basis, reflects the second continued strength in our pharma and industrial end markets. That is demand for our instruments and regarding revenue products. This translates to a 6% stacked cater for the quarter versus 2019 on a constant-currency basis. Year-to-date, revenue has increased 21% with the constant currency stack CAGR versus 2019, also about 6%. Our top-line growth resulted in Q3 non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share of $2.66, growing 23% year-over-year. Year-to-date, non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share have grown 39% to $7.54.  Looking more closely at our top-line results for the quarter on Slide 5 in constant currency. First, by operating segment, the Waters division grew 9%, while TA grew by 27%. By end-market, our largest market category Pharma, grew 16%, industrial grew 9%, while academic and government declined by 11%. In Pharma, we saw a broad-based continued strength in sales across customer segments, geographies and applications.  Spend was both in small molecule and large molecule applications, which both grew in mid-teens for the quarter. industrial, growth was reasonably broad. And next our beauty business, which saw strong growth globally internal micro Calvin imagery and Realogy. Turning to academic and government, which is about 10% of our business, continued strength in Europe was offset by softer performance in China and other regions. Moving off last year's performance by geography on a constant currency basis, sales in the Americas grew 16%, with the U.S. growing 13%, sales in Europe grew 8%, sales in Asia grew 8%, with India over 40%, and China sales were down 3%.  Now to the bit of clarification on China. Demand remains very healthy, as does the execution of our initiatives. A shipment of approximately $12 million got delayed at an airport in the last few days of the quarter due to a third-party shipping issue and has been delivered in the first few days of the fourth quarter. Looking, therefore, at China orders for the quarter, this was up mid-teens, year-over-year.  So, really no challenge from a demand perspective. In the U.S., growth was led by a broad-based continued strength in our pharma and industrial-end markets. In pharma, we saw strength across our instrument and Galaxy portfolios. In Industrial, our Waters and [Indiscernible] businesses both saw strong growth. In Europe, demand remains robust across all end markets with continued strength in pharma, industrial, and academic, and government. For the quarter, India was our fastest-growing market, driven by very strong growth in instrument sales to our common customers.
Udit Batra: Thanks for the question [Indiscernible] Look for us just to -- just to this year. I mean, we're [Indiscernible] at 6% plus sort of stack growth rate. So really the base business is doing rather nicely and we would seem that the transformation is now hitting its strike. So the base business should continue to track along those lines. Now, we've always had market plus and what gives us conviction that it's going to be market [Indiscernible] the initiatives that we've outlined, including the replacement, including additional penetration in different channels, and better launch of new products.  So wherever the market is, we expect them to be market plus, given the initiatives. And in terms of what you should expect for next year, again, the same logic applies, right? As the market has four, we should be for Black diversified, we should be fighting, and at 6, we should be 6 plus. And there's no reason to believe that the market should slowdown.  All our end markets are doing super well, I mean, you saw that year-to-date both pharma and industrial are tracking close to 20% on a two-year basis. They're well ahead of what we've seen over the history of Waters. So we really good going into the next year and we have concrete initiatives that make us believe that we should be [Indiscernible]
Udit Batra: Dan, thanks. Thanks for the question. But first, we have to make sure we do more of the same, right? I mean, and that's -- that I feel really good about, especially with the leadership of John Pratt and [Indiscernible], really executing even further on our initiatives. Second, feel very good about our ability to bring in new products to the market. They have tremendous, tremendous traction, right, especially the products that we launched recently, Arc HPLC, the Premier Columns, both adding significantly to the top line. and the MRT.  The SELECT SERIES MRT has a lot of interest from our customers across proteomics, across imaging, and across many different segments. We're feeling very good about what our pipeline is contributing and there is more to come there. And finally to your question on M&A, look, we've outlined the areas of growth we're interested in. And I think what you will see is that we're not just interested in entering these areas. Really meaning we are really thinking hard about what are the other key problems to solve.  So as an example, with bioprocessing, as an engineer and freshly [Indiscernible] after finishing my PhD days into my new job, I was actually doing manufacturing plant where we were still I manufacturing vaccines using chicken embryo eggs. So a fact with eggs, opening them up, and I will tell you the rest of the process. The process was designing many, many years ago, probably decades ago.  And the reason that you were -- that is -- and that's how MMR vaccines are [Indiscernible] manufacturer today, why we much better technology in some culture to be able to manufacture the same type of vaccine. And the reason for that sort of conservatism is that the process and the products are indistinguishable in the drug master file that you filed of to Biologics. And that's something that we really want to work on. We believe that our collaboration with the University of Delaware will help us make strides in that direction.  And I'm super excited about what we've just announced with Sartorius. I mean Sartorius is a leader in bioprocessing and they have probably the deepest penetration of small early-stage bioreactors that are used for clone selection. And that collaboration has two benefits. One we're able to take the BioAccord and improve a process that takes about six weeks to down to two days. And that's been shown by -- in collaboration with Sartorius scientists and our scientists, as well as customers, so very excited about that.  There are several 100 Amber [Indiscernible] area where we would have not otherwise entered. I mean, in this case, we want to enter with the capabilities that people feel extremely good about the initiatives. So in summary, continuing the commercial momentum, second, recharging innovation, and third, looking to enter these faster growth areas through partnerships, and increasing the open to M&A, if it makes sense. But I remind you that for M&A, we are a financially disciplined Company, so you won't see us jumping in [Indiscernible] into something that [Indiscernible]
Udit Batra: China year-to-date is over 30% growth. Only second to India in organic growth. From a demand perspective, for the quarter we were up mid-teens. And unfortunately, the shipment got stuck in the last few days of the quarter, which made it to our customers now. And if you included that into the Q3 numbers, it will be high single-digits to low-teens for China growth. So really, nothing to flat from a China perspective. In fact, I would say very happy with our new leader in China who's been implementing initiatives really really well, Arc HPLC has great traction.  We have built really strong commercial momentum even in our food and environmental markets [Indiscernible]. we are extremely good about where we are in China, so nothing is really to flag from a demand perspective. And on your question on supply chain, look, like everybody else in fact -- like everybody else, we are seeing constraints in shipping in different boards that appear sporadically, right? We don't think it's a systemic issue. It's a sporadic issue, and we're not unique in experiencing those challenges.  In fact, I was with a few colleagues from different industries last week, and virtually, everyone is experiencing sort of a little bit of unpredictable changes in supply chains. So we're not immune to that, and I think if somebody tells you that they are -- that's why we're not shipping as much. And then the other two pieces are of the supply chain s that are being talked a lot are are inflation; we do see inflation specifically in U.S. labor.  But nothing we haven't been able to offset by price increases with our customers. So hopefully that gives you enough color on how we feel to China. Really nothing to flag, no problem at all from a demand perspective, and from a supply chain perspective. Feeling what everybody else feels, really happy with the way our teams are working through some of these issues and starting on prices where it makes sense to our customers.
Udit Batra: And then Tycho, for AMG, I mean, we do year-to-date growing up 36%. And if you look at the consumables revenue, that's tracking nicely. So there's activity across our customers. So tracking in double-digits, so the recurring revenues are still growing double-digit with other end-market. So nothing to point out systemically overall, if you look at the market. Now, the performance is a bit different by region.  Europe is doing extremely well. But as China and the U.S. are bit slower, and that has to do with [Indiscernible] One, I do have pointed out, academic endowment is a small portion of our business and historically has not been a huge focus for Waters. We have, with John 's arrival, we had started to increase our focus on that segment, as well. And if you think about the instruments part of the business, that really depends on the [Indiscernible] relationships and customer relationships.  And this over time -- and pharma slowed down in many markets. And in Europe, we've come out of the gates very well. We've started to reestablish those relationships and you'll see the impact on the results year-to-date. In U.S. and China, that's work in progress and we'll give you updates as we go along. I'm optimistic with the activity I see, especially on the e-commerce and in procurement. And you see the results in our consumables business. And on the instruments side, we're improving [Indiscernible] relationships. I expect that to return, as well.
Udit Batra: First Vijay, good morning, and similar to what I just said to Tycho, really nothing to be concerned about from a demand perspective in China, that the $12 million have made it to the customers. And it is a bit spread, that it's -- what it's basically all instruments. It's not any consumables, so it's all instruments and it's made it to the customers. A bit spread across the different customer segments online, industrial, as well as academic and government.  So nothing one segment, feeling more pain. And in terms of how we're dealing with these issues, look and, have a superb supply chain department. We have extreme transparency on the shipments and the timing of the shipments. And we started to build inventory where we see order spikes in the different regions. And so we feel that we should be able to manage through the volatility that you are seeing in different [Indiscernible].
Udit Batra: Morning, Jack. Look, nothing that we have visibility on that will go from Q4 to Q1. As I said, there is increased inventory in the different regions where we are seeing the demand going extremely, extremely well. And from an overall perspective, the $12 million was shipped rather promptly in Q4, right? It's just unfortunate that hinge on the days of Doug and the shipping throughout that Doug do it at the end of the quarter.  So I don't see anything that gives us visibility at this point that would tell us that they would be an impact in Q4. And in terms of what is within our hands or you heard me talk about earlier, the extreme transparency that we have on supply chain, the processes that are much, much improved over the last year, and then finally, the increased inventory is a different reason. So feel reasonably comfortable that we should be able to manage a rather ambitious end of the year.
Udit Batra: Patrick, thanks for the question. Unfortunately, I was learning baseball, like if using a baseball analogy and people have talked sense into me to start talking in revenue numbers. So that's why we put that slide together to slide 6. Brad remarks. Look [Indiscernible] off what save 1% to 1.5% extra [Indiscernible] on a stack basis. Due to the initiatives and the initiatives we're not just the instruments that basement. We saw solid attachment increase of aftermarket. We saw e-commerce adoption growth from 20-27-28%. Contact of [Indiscernible] grew, which was a new channel for us, grew roughly 40% on a two-year basis. And new product contribution also did extreme good.  So across-the-board 1% to 1.5%, sort of benefits, or what I would say the base growth and robust end markets. Next year, we think that's roughly 1% versus a base market growth of whatever the base market goes with lease. So for instrument replacement, this year, we had roughly 30 million or so of benefit. Next year to be $40 million, which is 10 million incremental, right. So that's how I would think about it, right.  So for service, 200 basis points, another 100 basis points on top. So the 200 basis points already benefits us next year. And then e-commerce goes, and anything we can read the charts. So I think that for me is how I would think about 2022 and beyond, right? And as you think about what's happening beyond, this is now part of our CRM system.  This is part of our execution that John Pratt and Jianqing are implementing, right. So we now have the full list of HPLC, UPLC, as well as the Tandem-quads in the CRM system that our reps are going through step-by-step and replacing. And this will continue next year, and will go on into the year after. Same thing is true for our service attachment rates. We know where the attachment rates are.  We're using that database to now go after it. So it has become part of the DNA of the organization, and I think that gives me confidence that we will be able to accelerate also next year. And then finally, new products, as I mentioned are doing very well. MRT has just started to pick up a lot of interest, we've talked about Arc HPLC and Premier doing very well. So we feel really good about that 1% incremental over what would be any sort of market growth.
Udit Batra: I mean, across all end markets, right? I mean, you look at pharma and all you'd look at Industrial. Industrial, it's roughly 6% to 6.5% stack growth, right? Historically, that's been 4% to 5%. So we're [Indiscernible] even bigger acceleration, relatively speaking in Industrial versus you seeing [Indiscernible] pharma. And I must say, we're seeing extremely, extremely good performance out of the TA business.  So it's nice performance across the different customer segments, be it in advance materials, be it batteries, where we test studies for renewable batteries. And I don't need to tell you why that's important these days. Electronics that's going in the high teens, double-digits, the Life Science part of our TA business is also growing nicely. So in TA, we're seeing really, really good momentum, and again on a stack basis, even outpacing the overall business of the 8% or so growth.  So I think industrial, we feel that our customers have found a way to work despite the pandemic. Our service engineers and our sales teams have access to many of these customers, initially virtually, but in many regions, increasingly also, physically, our service engineers both across Waters and TA are actually more welcome at our customer side. And many of our -- many of their own employees. So industrial is -- has picked up nice, strengthened. It's true across all geographies. China is doing well. U.S., Europe, the rest of Asia also doing really quite well. That's the real area of strength, and we're lucky to have a business like TA that's pointed in that direction.
Udit Batra: Actually, overall -- and again, I talked more in terms of stack growth, the estimated growth for the year is roughly 30% and mass SPAC doing extremely well as even higher than 30% mass spect psyche Shiloh's 30%. So nothing that you will between the two sort of product platforms. But I think it makes more sense to talk about it on a stack basis. And historically, Waters have seen instrument growth between 3% and 4%. We've sort of steadily now year-to-date stack fuel is steadily on 5%.  So really nice momentum. And this is through both of course, as well as mass specs and nothing really can sort of differentiate the two. Now, you asked about mass spec in particular. In mass spec, the demand is driven by across all our portfolios for us, I mean, across users in IVAS mass spec across our Tandem-quads, which are both used -- with the single quarter used for intact masks and also our Tandem-quads that are used in development, as well as food and environmental.  And then of course, as I mentioned, the bioprocessing yields momentum and a lot of interest in the bioprocessing arena. So mass spec is going from strength to strength. Coming to the second part of your question on new products, as I pointed out on the -- in the prepared remarks right on -- just focusing on HPLC for a minute.  Arc HPLC, as well as the premier technology, which includes columns, as well as the application of this unique technology to our instruments as that to roughly $45 million in sales in 2021, we expect that to go up to $60 plus million, sort of $15 million or so incremental. That's in the anticipate on March SPAC. New applications from BioAccord, I already mentioned that in the prepared remarks.  And the MRT has a lot of interest from many of our customers, especially ones who want to use it in the proteomics space and for imaging with our DESI technology, which can be used under ambient conditions which is quite unique. Again, new products, what is that? How HQ, introducing game-changing new products. I think what we're doing differently is just making sure that there is a lot of collection once we launch these products. And they're not just [Indiscernible].
Udit Batra: Look, the instrument growth is driven by strong, robust end markets at our commercial execution. Again, it's our initiatives, the age replacement via your products and your question is, what is increased applications. And I would break it into two parts. One, we had indeed seen increased application of our technology in oligonucleotide mRNA. So claims to sign that somebody from the leading mRNA companies, Cambridge recently and they basically said, look, huge aggregation problems with plasmics with us, help them solve these problems by using Premier and to [Indiscernible] by using LC-MS to elucidate the [Indiscernible] of the molecules themselves.  So good application there. And a lot of them being in development, in discovery. And hopefully increasingly in QA/QC. Second area that I would comment on is the wider application of the BioAccord if you'll recall, product was initially launched, really focused on LC-MS, which we still – in QA/QC, we still believe that LC-MS has a strong place in QA/QC provided, the instrument that you have is simple, robust, and fast, and give you faster results.  But, that same value proposition is equally relevant in early stage development of complex Biologics. And we're seeing really good application there. We demonstrated with Sartorius that some experiments that take 6 weeks can now be turned around within two days. And this has been replicated in Sartorius ' labs, our labs and in several customer labs. As you can imagine, there's a ton of excitement on that front. And the BioAccord is rather unique here, the results are fast. It's a simple-to-use instrument, even somebody like me can use it.  And it provides you a wide range of results, not just on cell-culture media applications, where it is much wider than any sort of application used today, but also on the drug substance. So seeing wider application of our technologies, I'm really excited about where LC-MS is going -- especially the BioAccord with its simplicity and robustness, [Indiscernible] early stage development of [Indiscernible].
Udit Batra: The second question, on a year-to-date instrument growth is roughly 30%, quite good about that -- I don't know [Indiscernible] In Q3, we saw nice growth, double-digit again on instruments with [Indiscernible] comps in Q3 for last year already. So double-digit growth across the 2 pieces of -- 2 lines of instruments as we [Indiscernible]. As I mentioned earlier, on a year-to-date basis and the quarter is the same, LC grew an excess of 30% mass spec in the mid 20s.  So really nothing to choose between the 2 instrument backlogs, makes less sense to look at it quarter-by-quarter, given the instrument trajectory. But again, nothing to choose between the two field, that both LC and Mass Spec have significant momentum in Q3 and year-to-date. So, and also going into Q4, we're really feeling very good about where we are.
Udit Batra: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I think on the instrument side, we really feel that we're on a very, very good track. I mean, if you just look at historical averages, right, I mean, 2020 can confound they've given all the multiple impact on a stack basis. So mostly nicely in excess of 5%, close to 6% in some cases, for our instrument business, and historically that average for Waters and across the industries between 4%.  So really nicely year of the historical averages. And in terms of how much have they floored back, when you think that -- just looking at three sort of data points, one, comparing our stacks growth rates, move instrument and consumables with the rest of the industry where they were comparable products, we feel very good that we are operating well in -- well ahead of the market, that's market plus performance on -- that's the first data point that makes us fee that we're clawing back rather nicely.  Second, we have the loss ratio that we measure internally. Those have been tracking ahead of historical averages for the last 4 quarters. And finally, there are public reports that are available which are either lot of idiosyncratic because they change the definitions [Indiscernible] also are doing pretty well as on our market share.  So we [Indiscernible] very good about how we're reversing rates [Indiscernible] our footage?. And we are a work in progress, there's a lot more to do, a lot more opportunity as well. A lot of applications for our instruments, a lot of -- lot more penetration to be [Indiscernible] but we're really good so far, better that we had.
Udit Batra: Thank you very much for your participation and questions and on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our fourth quarter 2021 call, which is going to be on February 1st, 2021. Thank you.
Amol Chaubal: So we tell you -- we do expect our gross margins in Q4 to be about 58% to 59%, right? And we've seen so far in Q3, as we said, 1% tailwind onto cross margin. Looking ahead, I mean, the dollar has strengthened and we do have -- most currencies we are operationally has to accept bound and that's the currency where we are exposed. But other than that, we've sort of included that in our guide, and that's where you see BDO close to $0.10 headwind on EPS versus the last earnings call in our Q4 EPS guidance.
Amol Chaubal: Yeah, look, U.S. labor continues to be a place where we're seeing inflationary pressures, right? I think with a strong HR function, we've put a lot of measures in place to reduce attrition and sustained talent, right? However, that doesn't play out so much in terms of cost and operating expenses into Q4. What -- as you model Q4, what you have to keep in mind is Q4 is a heavy revenue partner for us. And that results in commission payment accrued heavily in Q4, which is why it's typically seen as historically operating expenses especially as G&A on every other Q4. And that's reflected in archives.
Amol Chaubal: Yeah. So on the two questions, the first one, there's no one-time activity in R&D or SG&A. So it's pretty straightforward. On the 12 million shipment that got delayed and I mean, you could assume it's largely instruments and modeling that instrument in gross margin.
