Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter financial results conference call. With me on today’s call is John Ornell, the Waters Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, President of the Waters Division and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice I’m going to start with an overview of the quarter’s highlights. John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the third quarter and for the full year, but before we get to that, I’d like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas Berthiaume: Frankly Quintin, we haven’t seen anything that was quite as sharp a dropoff as we saw late 2008 into 2009. So I’m not sure that what we’ve seen in the last 10 years is indicative of what we’re likely to experience this time. We think that the second half is going to continue to be very robust in the TA business, and it probably has legs just from that bounce back in 2011. There’s no signs of this tailing off at this point. The start to this quarter has been continuing very robust at TA and they’re optimistic for the rest of this year. Realistically, I think it peters out as we get into the, further on in 2011, but I see no sign that we’re going in for another dip. So I’d say we look good into 2011.
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say the H-Class hasn’t had much impact on Alliance. We have seen, if anything, an impact on higher-end ACUITY sales. So if you look at the mix I’d say some of those H-Class sales would have previously been ACUITY sales, not so much Alliance. But our strongest Alliance customers today are still in India, and in those generic accounts. What’s really encouraging about the H-Class is that it’s beginning to penetrate into classical QC applications, and that works on several fronts. Number one, that’s an area where we’re seeing large pharma long out their replacement cycles and number two, they tend to the highest purchases of columns. Those applications are heavy column users. Now, the benefit of H-Class is they can use traditional columns, but as they move to more high-throughput applications and get truly into UPLC applications, they use more UPLC columns. So I think that works in our favor on a number of fronts. We think we’re at the front end of that but the early signs are very encouraging.
Douglas Berthiaume: You know we need to be very careful about talking about share changes on the basis of one or two quarters, Tycho, so I firmly believe that our most recent mass spec offerings are at the top of the class. And our customers tell us that they’re very happy with the G2 kind of performance in our QTof grade instruments and it’s early on in the triple quad business but boy we see side by side evaluations of our new triple and we haven’t seen any side by sides where we have lost. And that business is growing at very good, solid, double digit rates and nobody reports quite as much detail on that business as we do, but we can’t find too many competitors reporting that kind of growth in their mass spec business, particularly the high end mass spec business. So all of those are good signs that probably in the short term we’re leading the pack here and if it continues over multiple quarters it would be hard not to suppose that we’re gaining share there.
Douglas Berthiaume: I apologize if that was the implication. I think the government business softness we’re seeing generally. If you look at our non-profit business it was the university market that was stronger and government business, Japan in particular, we saw very strong end of their fiscal year growth in the first quarter and did not see a repeat of that in the first fiscal year of Japan. I think Japan was actually the most notable weakness in the government business but we also see signs of it in Europe and in the U.S.
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say a couple of things that are relatively positive and a couple of things that still flash some warning signs. The big drug accounts still are struggling with their acquisitions and their restructuring. So if you look at absolute comparisons of our largest pharmaceutical companies around the world, those results were negative quarter-on-quarter. That is, compared to the ’09 quarter. What’s interesting is that sequentially they improve from the first quarter to the second quarter, we’re seeing order rates improve. We’re also seeing a great deal of interest and quote rate activity is pretty strong there. I think you know, holding my breath and crossing my fingers, that sequentially we’ll continue to see improvement in those accounts. It’s hard to imagine that they could get worse. And particularly in the bio applications of those accounts we’re seeing a huge amount of interest from our most recent offerings with our bio ACUITY and the results coming out of our new systems offerings.  So that’s all encouraging. In terms of current business, generic accounts, that being particularly true in India, bouncing off poor results last year, but generic accounts in Europe and in the United States are all very strong, and that’s across the board and that’s where some of the interest that we’re seeing in H-Clas and QC applications coming from. I think that’s pretty broad based. And that’s also true of CRO activity, pretty broad based geographically. So that’s I think the result of our good performance in pharma. Again across the board we had double digit growth in pharma in the Waters division this quarter, so we’re pretty enthusiastic about that.
Douglas Berthiaume: It really is customer specific. We’ve begun to see multiple unit orders in pharma accounts in QC, but I caution it’s that the front end of that cycle and I need to see more evidence before I really take it to the bank. I’d say it’s an encouraging early sign. It’s across the board. We’re seeing that kind of activity show itself in big pharma, in specialty pharma, and in biotech. I’d say the bio applications are probably the most near-term, where the traditional small molecule pharma is longer term, but of course all of these accounts are saying they’re gearing up for the bio applications, so I think we’re well positioned to take advantage of things there. And those are the most near-term areas where they have the most money to spend I’d say Ross.
Douglas Berthiaume: Conservative. In our second half organic growth is just a smidge slower than we’re experiencing now, and if we continue to see current run rates and things involved on the new product front, it’s not impossible that we could see better results. But tempering our expectations is major questions about Western Europe, particularly the government-supported segments of the Western Europe business. Frankly, all in Europe has been pretty good, but we’ve seen pockets of weakness in Western Europe and that government-supported piece is under a fair amount of strain. So that tempers our expectations. We certainly saw strong government spending in Japan in the first quarter, weaker in the second quarter, so that causes us some element of concern. We factored that into our results. If things evolve a little bit better then we could possibly do a little bit better. We frankly have not seen a lot of results from stimulus spending in the United States from government stimulus spending. That could be a little bit better, but frankly we’re not banking too much of that in the second half either. I’d say that’s where most of our conservative comes in. We might be a little conservative on how long we think the TA bounce and how high it can get so that’s another element that if we turned out a little bit better we wouldn’t be totally surprised. Those are the key elements of when I say we’re a little bit cautious in the second half. Those are areas that we think we’ve injected some degree of conservatism.
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say it remains strong. We’ve continued to have good, strong double-digit growth in China. Some indications that it could even see elements of strengthening. So I think China and Asia, outside of Japan, in general are still showing very good opportunities. And across technologies.
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say typically it’s the same worldwide. In China sometimes we’ll get a concentrated order that’s a little bit larger and certainly with some of the potential business that we’re seeing in the second half that could be true, but typically it hasn’t been the case. I’d say in general, seeing the strength that we’re seeing in high-end mass spectrometry, our average order has tended upwards, but that’s more of a product mix issue, Paul, than it is a general statement of how tenders are being done.
Douglas Berthiaume: I’d say we’re seeing a little bit in Korea probably, but our India business is traditionally highly focused on that generic drug business. So it’s not a key ingredient of what we’re seeing in India.
Douglas Berthiaume: Second question first, Jon. Our cash flow is strong. I would say there’s nothing unusual in that, it’s not like we dramatically raised our payables balance or anything. We think it’s sustainable and we continue to evaluate the aggressiveness of our buybacks. We continue to believe that our stock is a very good investment. So I think you could think of us continuing to be on the aggressive side of that equation rather than the less aggressive side. We’ll continue to lean in that direction. In terms of our Synapt business and really talking about our high end mass spec business, we’re very confident of our position. We had a great first half in that. That’s particularly so on the orders front, but also true on the shipment front. It is true that we built some backlog, and what we’re talking about in terms of concerns or potential issues in the second half is not related to the high end MS. If anything, I’d be surprised if we saw a material softening of high end mass spec in the second half. We’re continuing to see the university piece, which of course is an indirect level of government spending in most of our areas, be very strong as it looks to that high end mass spec product line. And we have a great list of opportunities coming out of the second half. So that’s a very encouraging piece of our business.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think in terms of mass spec our overall mass spec business was well into the double digits and our high end mass spec was beyond that. It was the strongest performer across the line. So that’s probably as much detail as I want to go into. It was a very strong quarter in high end mass spec.  In terms of the new product contribution, in the mass spec area most of that performance were products that were introduced prior to this year’s AFMS. So we didn’t ship any of the products that were introduced at this year’s AMSM. Well, maybe a few, but nothing of any significance. So that’s still one of the (inaudible) and that’s probably another area where we’re being perhaps a little conservative as we look to the second half.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah, but still very, I mean the uptake in the H-Class is very strong. That’s all. I don’t want to break out unit data but boy, from a standing start in the first quarter, to where we are now, it’s been as strong an introduction of a new product since probably is . . . ACUITY was very strong five years ago when we introduced it but H-Class is very comparable.
Douglas Berthiaume: Those words are yours, John. I think yeah, particularly on the mass spec side, those new products should contribute in the second half.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yeah John, every budget cycle, you know you have competing plans we have positionally been investing in terms of headcount and with us it’s in areas of growth, like India and China, it’s sales and service and application support people. And that continues to be where we put our incremental headcount. In those higher-growth areas of the business it’s been true for a number of years now, where we kind of hold the line in the more industrial lower-growth areas of our world and add headcount in China or in Latin America, etc. It’s no different and it will continue.
Douglas Berthiaume: The service and consumables piece of our business grew nicely in the quarter, particularly true in our traditional column business, and particularly true with the UPLC column consumables that tend to be very closely tied to our instruments, unlike the more open platforms of traditiona. HPLC. So we’ve seen a return to very predictable growth in that high-profit consumables piece of our business.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well very good. Thank you all for being with us this morning and we’ll look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks again. 
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding future income statement results of the company, this time for Q3 and full-year 2010. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 in part one under the caption business risk factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 2010. During this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the company’s earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations we may refer to pro forma results which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income per Diluted Share included in this morning’s press release.
John Ornell: And I’d say the Q3 comparison, Quintin, is pretty comparable to Q2, and then Q4’s basis a bit stronger, so I’d say the Q2 results, while we’re not in our guidance suggesting that it continues at that very high rate, the expectation would still be for some type of double-digit growth, perhaps in the third quarter before it begins to mitigate as we exit the year.
John Ornell: I’d say at this point Tycho, we’re pretty much on track with the original plans at the start of the year and the H-Class product will make its way over there in the second half. In the interim we’ve moved various UPLC detectors that have begun to ramp up production volumes there and ultimately as we transition from our existing high-end ACUITY to its next iteration, it’s likely that that production in following years will make its way over to Singapore. So I would say we’re on track. We’re feeling really good about the all business that’s being generated out of that geography and everything remains pretty positive as we look to the tail end of this year and 2011.
John Ornell: I’d say that if you look at the gross margin performance it was relatively strong in the first half of last year. The gross margin in the third quarter came down a bit and we’re suggesting that we’re more likely to be somewhat consistent with gross margins as we move into the third quarter from the second this year as a result of product mix. And also the currency environment remains very favorable for us. We have a relatively strong Yen still as we speak, so our sales in that region are being translated favorably where there’s no production in that part of the world so there’s no offset to the cost of sales line. And the British Pound continues to be relatively weak, so our units coming out of our Manchester operation as they’re sold around the world are favorable. So that environment continues as we look at the second half, so I would say that you’re looking at probably two thirds of the overall improvement is currency and the remainder is associated with cost reductions and product mix and some of the newer products that our coming out pretty strong in margins. So that’s, based on where we are today, that’s how it works.
John Ornell: I think with China specifically that’s true. Business in general, though, we have obviously a better comp in Q3 versus Q4 but not relating to anything to do with China really specifically.
John Ornell: Sometimes in China you get a somewhat larger governmental order and that might make its way to different places, but that’s a one-off here or there. It’s not the common way of doing business, at least historically.
John Ornell: I guess I would say that we thought we would front-end-load the program, we have front-end-loaded the program. We were relatively aggressive in the second quarter I’d say, at $75 million. We talked about the program at least early in the year being targeted at maybe $250 million for the full year, so we’re well ahead of that clip certainly as we make our way through the first half. We’ve principally spent what we’ve generated, if you will, on the program, say, for $25 million. So I’d say the message there is that we are bullish on being aggressive in buyers of the stock. We’ve done that.  There really isn’t anything on the front burner right now from an M&A perspective. We continue to look at the small bolt-on acquisitions that we’re typically trying to close, but I would say at least in the near term there doesn’t appear to be one that would consume cash, so it’s likely that we’ll continue to get back in the market when the window opens and continue to buy our shares in the second half. It’s not impossible that we’ll go well beyond, perhaps, that $250 million limit to the extent that we don’t buy something on the M&A front.
John Ornell: And while the H-Class did very well, as a percent of our LC business, it’s still rather modest. The trajectory is very good, but that would have had less of an impact, perhaps, on LC and will have more as we make our way through the second half.
John Ornell: All right, great, appreciate the color. So it’s safe to say that in the first half of this year, very limited contribution, in terms of incremental contribution from new products, and that should definitely build into the second half.
John Ornell: To answer that second one first, I would say expect a mid-single-digit growth from a year-over-year perspective, Q3 to Q3 in SG&A. So if that’s down a little bit, then it is, but I’d say they’re relatively flat Q2 to Q3. But a mid-single-digit growth in SG&A for Q3 specifically year-over-year is what we’re forecasting. As it relates to longer term needs for investment and the like, I believe currently that to the extent that the business continues to pick up and to the extent that the economy continues to do better, that we’ll have the ability to live within the organic top line growth rate in being able to fund investments in SG&A and R&D that don’t force those expenses to grow at the same rate as sales.  Now, whether they can grow a point, two points less than sales or more is obviously dependent on how high that top line is. But I don’t foresee that we’re going to be needing to grow SG&A and R&D faster certainly than sales based on what we currently see in the pipeline.  That does afford us to put some personnel in place, principally service-type people that come into the cost of sales line but other support people as well, and we’ve been doing some of that, even as we’ve made our way through the first half of the year, principally international folks. So I’d say we’re not in a dire need there. Yes, we’ll make investments in headcount if the business grows and I’m confident it will be contained within what you expect from us in being able to leverage our base of costs.
John Ornell: Within Europe the government piece of the business there is under 10%, it’s probably even closer to 6% or 7%, perhaps. I don’t have that right in front of me, but it’s under 10. And to the extent that it slows down a bit it’s not, we’re not saying it’s going to go to zero, but it’s likely to have an impact. It might be a few percent of growth opportunity. The other, as it relates to the gross margins, full-year expectation. You’re right, it is 25 basis points and that’s all currency. That’s just slight movement that we’ve seen in currency from where we last gave guidance. The rest of the margin expectations from an organic perspective are comparable to what we said in April.
