Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Thanks, Ross. Appreciate the question. And I agree with your last comment there that the long-term trend in both the food and the pharma businesses is structurally attractive. And we certainly have seen a gyration in these markets in the past. Although, as you know, China has been a very, very steady contributor to Waters. In fact, nine of the last 10 years here at Waters, China has been a double-digit grower. In terms of the unwind of those two factors, starting with the food side, as you recall from other market activity, the restructuring of the food government processes is something that really began in the earlier part of last year and had about a one-year lifecycle. During the course of 2018, we saw a relatively stable demand because a lot of the capital purchases on the food side that had been committed at the beginning of the year, we saw mostly hold through the year. And so, this particular initiative didn't really affect us that much in 2018, but clearly affected us in the first quarter. We do see the evolution of that process maturing in the first through second quarter here. We do expect some ongoing caution but, over time, that's the really important priority for the Chinese government to invest in food safety testing. And as you pointed out, it's a market that we all expect to return to growth. From the standpoint of the pharma situation, with the 4+7 initiative, which is really a centralized bulk purchasing pilot process, we have seen early in this year some meaningful hold on capital spending. But I will point out that underlying activity remains reasonably robust. We actually had a strong growth in chemistry during the quarter that reflects the underlying testing activity among pharma and generic pharma type of companies that are, in particular, affected by the 4+7 policy. So, all in all, these macro factors definitely hit us harder than we expected. And as a result of that, we have lowered expectations as reflected in our guidance. But we do expect that to moderate over the course of the year, expect modest improvement and a return to growth, albeit more modest growth in China than we're typically accustomed to in this fiscal year. But, certainly, I have a lot of faith in the strength of our team and our market share position that has been always a source of strength and we expect we will continue to be so looking forward.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, thanks. Fair question. And certainly, as you pointed out, we saw a lot of strength across the board in Q4. And, frankly, based on that confidence and an assumption of more stable market conditions heading into the year, we had kind of a normal outlook for the first quarter. And we did see the downtick. As you point out, the seasonality effect in this pattern of a slow start to the quarter, in particular, as it relates to the release of budget by pharma companies and industrial companies is something we've seen. And in the example of last year and even in 2017, we saw strength at the end of the year. And so, at this point, as we look out over the course of the year, we certainly expect that the budget release cycle will lighten up and we'll get the benefit of expected planned customer spending, particularly in pharmaceuticals and in major industrial customers.  And, I guess, the other major controllable from our standpoint is just the great progress we're making in product development and the increasing impact we expect from the product launches that we have new in the market and that are coming over the course of the year. On the Waters side, that is headlined by the BioAccord launch which, as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, is going well in its early stages from the standpoint of training and demoing and market development. And then, there's a lot more coming on the Waters side, including new entrants in the high-resolution mass spec technology category, more LC technology, and more MS technology as well. And on the TA side, we're really in a sweet spot relative to the product cycle on thermal. We have more technology coming on rheology and we have a wave of accessorization, which often is a great complement to the core instrument development. So, I think we feel about as good as we can possibly feel about where we sit in front of the product cycle still. And, certainly, the macro effects of Q1 are disappointing and were unexpected, but they do not diminish in any way our enthusiasm for what's happening on the innovation side here.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, Doug. Thanks for the question. Appreciate it. I think stepping back and looking at the big picture, this is a great franchise. Waters is a very well-established and a very durable business. And really, a lot of the factors we've seen in a couple of individual quarters, of course, including Q1, are very unique to the particular mix of our business. The China business, for example, is 18% of our worldwide revenue. And as you know, the mix within China is uniquely focused on pharma, with an over-index on generic pharma and food. And so, some of the macro effects, given that we're a more specialty oriented company, certainly, have the potential to hit us in a unique way. Relative to product cycle, I think that's been a big area of focus for me personally. It's really my number one area of focus. And there are some aspects of the portfolio that we weren't where we needed to be. And we've invested a lot and worked hard in product development to shore that up. And as I mentioned in the previous question, we're excited about what's ahead relative to the product cycle. So, we really feel like, in that way, we control our destiny and there are better things to come as that product cycle matures. And, obviously, we're doing all we can to gain visibility into some of these end market macro factors to improve the forecasting, to make sure that we can see with reasonable certainty what's ahead. But like I said, Q1 was an outlier for us. It was something that, coming off the end of the year last year, was not something we expected to see. And so, we're just reacting to the changing environment and making sure that we stay very, very focused on delivering on our product pipeline and delivering on our sales execution. And as I sort of alluded to before, yes, Q1 was soft, but it's certainly not deterred that focus or the conviction in the great opportunities that lie ahead for Waters.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Certainly, Doug, we don't give updates on a weekly or a monthly basis. But I would just say that the philosophy on the Q2 guide is that we don't expect all the factors that affected us in Q1 to just bring back – right as we get into April that these budget release cycle dynamics can take time to play out, that the macroenvironment which we're watching closely and studying and learning more about again doesn't just spring back in one quarter. So, I think the Q2 guide really reflects that moderated outlook that we've made for the rest of the year. And, obviously, it's our job to do the very best to deliver the most we can within that.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. I think our confidence in the pharma business for the year is still positive and we expect to work our way back into what might be more traditionally normal type growth rates over the course of the year. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the biopharma business was strong in the quarter and that continued the pattern that we've been seeing. We've been executing well in biopharma and we continue to benefit from all the innovation in that space. And, obviously, we've made incremental investments in that space ourselves. The hit in the quarter on pharma was really around the small molecule business. Generics is an important part of that. We're a leader in LC-based testing for QA/QC. As you know, the vast majority of our pharma revenue is oriented to late-stage development in QA/QC. And so, when a sector like generic gets hit, we tend to feel the effects. As I mentioned, China is a slightly bigger mix of generic in its pharma business than our global average. And so, we saw particular effect there. The thing that we realize in this business is that small molecule business, particularly generics business, that's where market share is the stickiest and it's where also we have sort of a good read on the ongoing activity in that installed base based on our chemistry business, which remains solid. So, I think we have confidence that capital purchasing will come back over time over the course of the year, both within China as well as within other parts of the business. Our top pharma accounts in Western Europe and in the US were soft in the first quarter based on the kind of budget release cycle, but that's something that traditionally does come back over the course of the year. So, we feel generally that the pharma trends outside of those specific situations are intact. And so, we're just staying very, very focused on taking advantage of those growth opportunities here over the course of the year.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. Just in terms of the volatility in the quarter and the Investor Day comment you made, our focus at the investor day was certainly on the bigger picture and the overall strategy of the company, particularly the innovation story and the strength of our management team and really that – we were clear at the meeting that those were the issues we were focusing on. And, certainly, as you know, our quarters tend to be back weighted. We generate approximately half of our sales in the last month of the quarter. And so, certainly, March was unexpectedly soft and some of the volatility we saw related to some of the macro and budget release factors was particularly pronounced in the month of March. And so, when we look at the overall pattern of the quarter and some of those factors, we really don't think there are fundamental underlying changes in the attractiveness of the market segments we participate in or in the strength of our franchise and we're just trying to stay very, very steady and focused to understand these unique factors to manage through them and to continue to keep our focus on our strong conviction of the growth that's ahead of us in these areas.
Christopher O'Connell: I think the contribution for new products is definitely a hallmark of 2019. And, certainly, as we've thought about this from the very beginning, it has always been something we saw developing over the course of the year, strengthening in the back half of the year, reflecting that technology that's already in the market. New technology like BioAccord is is more of a market development game and takes time, especially with a big ticket purchase that needs to be worked through budgets. But also, we have incremental technology coming in in the second and third quarters that will also help create that effect. And so, I think our new product contribution story is still very much the way we thought it would look as we came into the year and something that gets greater and greater traction through the year and then into the future.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. I'll just make a quick comment and then let Sherry add to it. I think we've taken a more cautious guide outlook for sure. But with that, we do expect modest improvements in both those markets. We think Europe and China remain structurally strong; and notwithstanding some the macro headwinds, are focused on some of that underlying activity. Certainly, not forecasting it to be where we thought it would be coming into the year, but we are expecting stepping back towards growth over the course of the year. So, Sherry, I don't know if you want to say more about the guide.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. I would just – we don't want to get into too much detail on the order book versus sales, but would comment that we did carry some incremental backlog into the second quarter.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Just a little bit more on the 4+7. This is something that we, in the market, became more aware of later in the year. It was really kind of an October, November, December kind of awareness of this particular pilot program for more centralized bulk purchasing of generic medicines within four major cities and seven other provincial type cities. As I sort of alluded to earlier in the call, this particular initiative did not affect our sales in 2018. We saw very typical year-end type purchasing that reflected more of a status quo type situation. Certainly, as we got in the quarter, it became more clear that even though the underlying utilization of the installed base was there, as I spoke of earlier, we had strong chemistry sales in China in the quarter that capital purchasing was being put on hold, much like many of the capital investments that the companies affected by this particular initiative were experiencing. So, I think we don't have perfect visibility into how quickly we can recoup some of that capital investment. And that's why we've moderated our guidance for the quarter and for the year. As I've alluded to earlier, we have a really strong market position and a really strong team in China that's consistently delivered in a variety of operating environments. And so, while we have lowered our expectations, we do expect some modest improvements over the course of the year.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. In terms of the question of focus versus breadth, I think we have a high level of conviction in our focused, specialty-oriented strategy. And we don't really see any evidence that we have difficulty competing based on a more limited product line. We think that Waters is better served with a focus on depth of application expertise in more narrowly focused areas within biopharma and small molecule pharmaceuticals, as we talked in depth at the Investor Day. We've made significant investments in the biopharm side of the business over time and we've actually gained share steadily over the last 10 or 15 years, and I'd reference you to those charts that we presented at our Investor Day. Of course, on the small molecule side, which is the one that experienced the volatility in the quarter, because, certainly, on the large molecule side, we had another strong quarter, on the small molecule side, we think that those factors are little more specific in nature related to the macro factors that we outlined. And looking at our market share data, particularly in LC, we see a very strong and stable and sticky market share position. And I think as everyone knows, certainly, one quarter, that type of situation doesn't move around a lot. So, we're confident that the effect we saw on the small mol business in particular in Q1 are really related to these market factors. And we're just very, very focused on continuing to invest in our technology position and our application science to be the very best company in the specialty manner that we set out to be.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Thanks, Sung Ji. Yeah. So, the BioAccord launch has been really exciting. We officially launched the product at the well-characterized biopharmaceutical conference. And really, a lot of the early activity we saw was in some of the developed markets, US and Western Europe, in particular. But one of the things that happened more mid-quarter was we had a significant launch in China. And literally hundreds of customers attend a really robust and kind of high-energy launch event that led to a variety of customer relationship developments and getting people into demo type situations. I use the word market development because this is really a new category for regulated laboratories for high-resolution mass spectrometry in a compliant package to really lead us into method process development and, ultimately, QA/QC for large molecules in the MAM space. And that's, obviously, kind of a new direction for the market. We continue to do all the right things to develop that market. We, obviously, have taken orders and shipped some units, although we never really expected to do all that much of that in the earlier part of the year. And so, I'm really looking at metrics around MQLs or marketing qualified leads as well as that demoing activity. Another key aspect of our launch readiness is to forward place the BioAccord system in our own demonstration labs at an accelerated pace compared to what we've done historically with other systems. And that's been really effective because it's brought many more customers into the demo phase which can ultimately accelerate quoting and ordering. And so, it's all systems go. And we continue to press on that opportunity. And by the way, we've always thought, along with the launch, it creates an opportunity for our sales folks to have a broader conversation about Waters and the collateral positive impacts of having new technology and how that affects the rest of our product line. Interestingly enough, it's had a positive effect on our overall high-resolution mass spectrometry portfolio. So, anyway, that's just one platform and, certainly, there are others coming. And as you allude to, something that will have a positive effect on our instrument performance over the course of the year are those new product launches. So, I don't want to get into too many specifics around the exact dollar amount or percentage increment that we expect from new products over the course the year, but we do expect that contribution to strengthen over the course of 2019.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, Steve. Thanks. From the standpoint of market share on the first part of your question, as I've sort of alluded to before, when you break it down into the various technology categories where we have good market share data, we feel that our market share and our core LC business, our core TA businesses is very solid and certainly all the data coming out of the 2018 market calculations reinforce that and backed up as well by import data in countries that capture that kind of information. We've acknowledged here for some time, we've had some pressure on the mass spec side of the business which is why we've invested in differential strategies because we do believe in the growth and the potential of the mass spec product line and are excited about what's in our portfolio. So, really, from a market share standpoint, I don't have any new information from the quarter other than what the data said at the end of last year and the overall confidence in the durability of our market share franchise and in those categories.  In terms of what gets better in Q2, some of the factors that I alluded to, we do expect a softening up some of the restrictive factors on budget release, particularly in the pharmaceutical sector, to take place over the course of the year and have some impact in Q2. We certainly expect to increase the impact of some of the new product launches that we have in Q2 versus Q1. And, certainly, there are – while we don't expect something – a country like China to completely bounce back in one quarter, we are looking to improve upon our performance in China and there are some small incremental positives such as the lowering of the VAT tax that's happening this month in China, which ought to create some additional incentives for capital purchases among key customers. So, really, it's a composition of a number of those factors. And we're looking to improve upon every one of the factors that affected us in Q1 and continue to improve over the course of the year.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. A fair question. And I would just say, BioAccord has been the headliner simply because of the timing and also the strategic importance of that platform, and both the market segment it's targeted at as well as the conviction we have in the solution. The other one that we haven't specifically mentioned, but you are well aware of, Steve, is the cyclic high mobility, high-resolution mass spectrometer that we continue to expect to launch at the ASMS meeting coming up here shortly. So, we're really excited about that. And, obviously, we're going to get a benefit of that in the second half of the year. And what I'll just say on the other product launches that we'll provide details on as we move along is that there are a number of what I might call more iterative technologies. If BioAccord and cyclic IMS are new platform technologies, we have a variety of other iterative technologies in both our LC and our mass spec portfolio which will benefit us in particular because those technology categories and product families are well accepted platforms in the market. They can benefit from the refresh as we have them. So, I'd rather stop there from the standpoint of describing the new product introductions. But everything we said at Investor Day relative to the number of launches and the excitement we have around the launches is very much in front of us here.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. Related to Brexit, we certainly didn't see any unusual stocking activity, whether it was over the course of last year or early this year. And, obviously, the Brexit stalemate has been kicked down the road to the October timeframe. And we continue to develop our contingency plans for the eventuality – the potential eventuality of a hard Brexit. I think what we saw in our business was softer demand, particularly in Northern Europe, in and around the UK and countries that are the most active trading partners with the UK. And a lot of that really related to just the general caution of budgets in a new year where some of the macro clouds continue to hang.  We, obviously, see different dynamics in different parts of Europe and actually saw better performance in Southern Europe and some other parts that were maybe a little bit away from the Northern European areas.  So, Europe has been a very strong market for us historically. It's gone through some bumps here in the last quarter, in the last year, but we have a lot of confidence that the customers in those areas will be there for the long-term. And we're just trying to stay very focused on the underlying activity, which, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is actually positive relative to demoing and quoting type of activities, particularly in pharma. So, anyway, we're just going to stay very focused on trying to get that business back and return Europe to a growth profile over the course of the year.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yeah. For a final comment, that's a good place to end because India was obviously a very dynamic situation over the last year. But, India, we're seeing all the signs that we hoped and expected to see coming into the year of stabilizing business. As I alluded to in my comments, India grew solidly in the mid-single digits and had even better performance in LC and in pharma. So, we actually saw strength in pharma and strength in LC in India, and that is on the heels of what was actually a pretty good fourth quarter as well. The fourth quarter of 2018 was our second-highest quarter ever in India and had a tough comp, but we rolled into this year with continuing steady demand returning on the instrument side to complement the business on the chemistry and service side. Obviously, India is not out of the woods yet as it relates to political questions. As you know, the election cycle is underway. And while most people expect the stability of a Modi government, and that's certainly our hope as well, we're just being appropriately cautious as we kind of work through that. But the fundamental underlying health of the pharma sector and of our business appears to be on the rebound there in India and we're gratified by that.
Christopher O'Connell: So, thank you very much for that question. And thanks for all of your questions today. In conclusion, we are focused on delivering improved growth over the course of 2019, headlined by improving instrument purchasing dynamics, continued growth in our recurring revenue and the growing contribution from new products. As always, we are committed to delivering reliable earnings performance based on our organic growth and supported by our enhanced capital deployment program. On behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our second quarter 2019 call, which we currently anticipate holding on July 30, 2019.  Thank you. And have a great day.
