Chris O’Connell: Thanks, Doug. Good morning. Okay, you asked three questions there, so I’ll try to take them in order. In terms of the recurring revenue and a reflection of the overall structure of our company relative to our peers, of course, Waters as you know is more concentrated in the pharmaceutical category, particularly the small molecule category. And as I mentioned on the call, we have seen a lengthening of equipment purchasing dynamics in that sector. We’re currently in environment very much driven by macro and to some degree other noise that’s in the environment that has affected the small molecule business of our overall pharma business, our small molecule business, which is LC intensive, is about 70% of our overall pharma business. And currently that’s experiencing more modest growth and certainly there is some impact of recurring revenues that follow from the overall instrument sales. This particular market, which again we do have unique concentration in Doug, as you know, has been steady over time. And while it’s hard to tease out individual cycles, I think there’s no arguing that it’s in the softer phase right now for a number of those reasons that are affecting participants, whether it’s on the generic side or the large pharma side. Our pharma revenue -- our pharma recurring growth, while we don’t break that out, was strong in Q3 and has also been strong throughout this year and last year. And certainly some of the recurring revenues on the industrial side of the business that’s been in a difficult period with global macro has certainly explained that.  And as it relates to a competitive differentiation, our strongest competitive differentiation is in the pharma sector, particularly in the regulated laboratory environment and late stage development, and QA/QC. And so, there have been periods over time when the -- when that particular market segment has done very well and grown above the average of tool, other tool categories. And at this point in time, that sector of the market is growing below the average. But I think because of that, we do see the -- some evidence of pent up demand building and have confidence in that end market over the long-term.  Relative to share loss and your second question, we’ve certainly seen over an extended period of time pressure on our mass spec market share, and that’s why we’ve invested so heavily to reverse that trend and we think we’re really on at a bit of a pivot point relative to the new technology that’s come into the market at both the high end of mass spec as well as in the core tandem quad portfolio, and with a totally new white space opportunity with BioAccord to really improve the mass spec market share position.  On the LC side, we’ve seen generally stable conditions over time and different dynamics within UPLC, HPLC and UHPLC. But as I mentioned earlier, the strong concentration of Waters and regulated laboratories has been an advantage in stabilizing in keeping that share stable and we continue to invest against that, and in other product categories that you didn’t mention, TA instruments, chemistry informatics and service we’ve seen stable share trends as well. So overall, we’re very focused on competing in a market that is very competitive. Certainly acknowledged strong competition but I like the position we have.  Relative to the buyback, as you know with U.S. tax reform that came through a year and a half ago or so, we had a one-time opportunity to really reset our balance sheet and work towards in appropriate capital structure that gives us flexibility but also optimizes our balance sheet and our overall weighted average cost of capital. And certainly feel like we have enough flexibility to make the investments we want to make, both capital investments as well as M&A. Next question, please. 
Chris O’Connell: Yes, thank you, Tycho. Yes, just to confirm, your -- the first part of your question, this was -- in fact it happened quite late in the quarter, as you know more than half of our business comes in the third month of the quarter as just to give some color on where our head was at a quarter ago, we did comment on the fact that coming out of the chute in the beginning of the quarter we saw the continuation of trends we had seen in Q2, which as I mentioned in my prepared remarks reinforced the view we had on the U.S. August is always a little bit variable with vacation periods and September ended up being a lot weaker than we expected. And really the only thing I can point to in general is just a lot of noise in the market right now, whether it’s industry litigation or M&A, or certainly on the generic side some of the effects later in the government year on the generic user fee increase. There’s just a bunch of different factors that make for a more noisy market than is expected.  I’ve had the chance to personally with the team evaluate a number of the large orders that we expected, that we had forecast internally within the third quarter and I’m confident that those orders which come from well known customers, strong customers, have been delayed and not lost or cancelled. And so that has given us confidence to suggest that the U.S. ought to be better in Q4 than it was in Q3 and year-to-date. But we’re certainly also being pragmatic and cautious in assuming overall trends for the year continue. And therefore, our assumptions for Q4 do not include a large budget flush. Certainly if a large budget flush were to materialize, as it has in the past, that would represent upside to our numbers, but we’re not forecasting that at this point.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. We’re certainly learning as we go. It’s an interesting environment there. As we know, Q1, really the market went on hold and it came back in Q2 and Q3, it was solid as well. We had double-digit growth in China pharma in the third quarter. And what we’ve seen there is that even as 4+7 extends to a broader part of the market, the second phase of bidding in September was the same 25 drugs that we had seen in phase one extending to 27 provinces. About 60% of the participants in the phase two tender were the same companies that participated in the first round of the tender and about 40% were new. But just about all of the major bidders in the process were companies that you would consider to be in the top 100 within China.  To your point about foreign participation, the first phase was almost entirely local China companies, larger China companies in that larger category. In the second phase, we did see an increased participation of the non-Chinese companies, it was about an 85%, 15% mix between China and the non-Chinese companies. So, for example, the Indian company you referenced is an example of the type of companies that are making up that 15% in the second phase.  Like we’ve stated before, the big picture here is that this effort is being done to enhance the overall access of medications to the population and therefore volumes will be increasing. And so, these are long-term positive -- these initiatives are long-term positive for volume in the market and testing volume. And it does also lead to some change in the market. Some of the companies for example that have not won some of these tenders don’t necessarily leave the industry altogether, they have focused on other things. So we have some examples of generic companies leaving the generic space and getting involved in new drug development for example.  So it is still a dynamic situation playing out but at least in the two quarters we’ve just reported most recently, Q2 and Q3, we’ve seen a stabilization of that demand. 
Chris O’Connell: Yes, thanks a lot, Derik. I want to do as much as I can to provide color on some of the market dynamic that we’ve seen year-to-date now that we’re through three quarters. But I also want to balance that with the fact that fourth quarter is our biggest quarter and a lot can play out in fourth quarter. And so before we put too fine a point on the trends in the market that would underscore our guidance for 2020, we want to see the fourth quarter play out. As you know, in some markets, this business, the LC business in particular has become pretty backend weighted. And we’ve seen in some years a significant increase in business in the fourth quarter that creates an overall story for a kind of a rolling analysis. And so we want to see that play out.  Like I said earlier, we’re not assuming a big flush at the end of the quarter. And that’s why we put the guidance where it is just for caution and conservatism purposes, but we do want to see it play out before we say too much about what we expect out of LC instruments in 2020. But like I mentioned earlier, the LC, the small mol LC market has been reliable historically. We are currently seeing more modest growth and believe that to some extent demand is building for investment in that area as we step into the next several years. So, we’re watching it closely. We want to see what fourth quarter trends look like. And also keep in mind that when you think about the LC business, and the increase of focus on mass spec based workflows that we’re seeing in the market, particularly in large molecule that LCs are an important component and with just about every mass spec system we sell, LCs come along with it. So, we’re looking at LC in both the standalone LC optical market, if you will, as well as the LC-MS market.
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Thanks. Yes, Europe has been a fairly challenging operating environment this year and just to recap the numbers overall for Europe, it was flat in the quarter and is down 2% for the year. That’s -- that includes an overall European pharma number that is 1% up in the quarter and 1% up year-to-date with actually a pretty decent academic and government market up double-digits both quarter-to-date and year-to-date offsetting a similar range of declines for the industrial market. Some of the trends we’ve seen year-to-date -- quarter-to-date was actually a little better in Europe industrial at a mid single-digit decline versus a double-digit decline for the year-to-date. So even though the numbers are still negative in European industrial there, they’ve gotten incrementally better in the third quarter, and that’s really a kind of a combination of the chemical materials market and TA being flatter, and the food and environmental market being down overall.  In terms of the overall environment, there’s enough economic data including PMI that shows a kind of a flat to contracting economic growth environment. And certainly Brexit delays, as you mentioned, are front of mind. And we felt that through the Brexit process, much sentiment is on hold. And we do believe that in that process, there is some pent up demand building, particularly in the UK, in the Northern parts of Europe. And so we’re really trying to look ahead and see when we might see an improving picture, but it’s -- Europe has been kind of a flattish scenario all year long. And that said, we’re super confident in our competitive position throughout Europe and believe that the concentrations we have in certain sectors are really -- provide the right context for what’s happening there. But believe we’re poised particularly with our new product flow to take advantage of improving market conditions when they come. Okay, next question, please.
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Thanks, Dan. So China was up 2% for the quarter and it’s up 1% year-to-date and the year-to-date obviously incorporates the decline we saw in Q1 with a bit more stability in Q2 and Q3, particularly on the pharma side. And like I mentioned earlier, the pharma business was up double-digits in China and has solidified in the -- as the 4+7 program as we talked about has matured a little bit at least and has more visibility. And really the rest of the business is flattish on the industrial side. It was flat in the quarter and is down 1% for the year. And then on the academic and government side is where we’ve actually seen much more of the pressure, which is down double-digits. And that’s really a function of the food market. As you know, the bulk of our food testing business has been in government-oriented labs, and that’s as the market makes a transition from the government focus on food testing, where government labs are doing the bulk of the testing to one where they’re in more of a supervisory role, that particular market has been somewhat disruptive. We do see a number of dynamics there. Even though the demand has been soft on the government side, we expect an increase in growth in the future on the private side and, and even to some degree a privatization of what previously were government labs.  And so, that process of privatization within the government testing environment as well as the uptake in the third-party testing lab sector has caused this disruption, and to your point, food, as the years played out has provided most of the pressure in our business there, while pharma has recovered. The industrial environment is a bit muted based on the overall economic conditions but it’s really been in that government area and the food testing.  I will say in the food area another important comment though just looking at the market, it’s a pretty mass spec heavy market with a focus on tandem quads. And we’ve really strengthened our portfolio in tandem quads this year with the introduction of the cronos and the TQ-S micro. And that gives us a lot more flexibility particularly in the mid and lower tiers of tandem quad testing. And I think we could argue that we have across the board the strongest or one of the strongest tandem quad portfolios in the industry and feel very good about our ability to compete in that market and to serve the different segments of the market as they develop. So we’re glad with the investments we’ve made on the mass spec side and that will show through particular in the tandem quad business. And obviously we’re working as hard as we can to understand when that demand might return and how to make sure we’re well positioned to win a lot of it.
Chris O’Connell: Yes. Thanks, Dan. And absolutely job one at Waters is new product innovation. And we’re in the midst of a significant transformation of our R&D efforts and really the continued achievement of innovation leadership. I think a lot of those efforts are going really well. We’re extremely encouraged by the products that have come through the pipeline already with a pretty heavy focus on mass spec, given the growth opportunities in the mass spec markets as well as competitive position that we needed to improve. That was clearly the case. But kind of furthermore on the innovation side with the increases in investment, we’ve built a really robust five year product roadmap that we have more clarity than we’ve ever had at Waters in terms of a cadence of new product introductions across instruments, chemistries. And of course, we’ll be talking a lot more about informatics in the years to come with the Waters Connect platform. Just a couple of quick notes on the products we’ve launched, there are different type of products, of course, we’ve made a number of different key line extensions on the LC side that are maybe a little bit below the radar screen, but really enhance our industry leading LC portfolio, particularly on the bio side with our Arc Bio and H-Class Bio and the binary pump and a number of other products we’ve put into the market this year, certainly the chemistries that go along with the LC portfolio. I mentioned a new family of HPLC chemistries, the focus family, and of course everything we’re doing in bioseparations. But mass spec has really been the headline this year, BioAccord is a game changer. It is really white space opportunity in the sense of bringing highly usable, high quality, very easy to use time-of-flight mass spectrometry into the regulated laboratory space in late development and ultimately QA/QC. I’ve had a chance to personally visit three or four customers this quarter who have bought BioAccord and the feedback is very positive. So, we’re encouraged there. The activities in the third quarter did not have as big of an impact in the third quarter. It should have a bigger impact in Q4. The tandem quads, I mentioned cronos and micro, but we did sell an encouraging number of the Cyclic IMSs in the quarter and have an even bigger order book for Q4. And then, the SYNAPT XS system which we announced the launch of in the third quarter, we did not ship in the quarter and we have communicated that -- we did communicate that to our customers. And so, we certainly have a bigger opportunity in Q4 than we had in Q3 relative to the high-res portfolio and we expect the SYNAPT XS, which is a dramatic enhancement in our well accepted SYNAPT QTOF platform. We certainly have an opportunity to ship that product this quarter that we didn’t have last quarter. So, that’s some more color on all the new product launches. And again, I don’t want to put too fine a point on a specific contribution in the fourth quarter, but we certainly expect it to increasingly be visible. And as we roll into next year with these launches under our belt, I think we’ll be in a position as we guide for 2022 to put some more specificity around that.
Chris O’Connell: Sure, yes. No, of course all efforts, Steve, are focused on returning to better -- much better growth. And we’ve certainly seen better growth in different instrument cycles within the specific categories we focus in. At the end of the day, I think a lot about the markets we participate in and want to make sure Waters is well positioned in structurally attractive markets. And even putting aside cycles and different macroeconomic conditions, we still fundamentally believe that the attractiveness of the pharma and biopharma space is very high, and furthermore that there is an accelerating innovation story in material science and food safety testing and some of the other markets we’re in. So, we’re really focused on the fundamentals of those markets and believe that some of the things you mentioned around the sustainability of the pill count and prescription volume and patient access to medication on the small molecule, the generic side and also the innovation on the large molecule side are all very, very good markets to participate in. And our ability proven over time and we believe we’re in a new phase of proving it all over again in terms of the ability to lead the market with meaningful innovation in these spaces, which will then have a downstream impact on a strong recurring revenue stream with consumables. And service is a great place to be as the company that can generate very high returns on invested capital and over different cycles market leading organic growth. I think the incremental opportunity we have since tax reform is to add to that with deploying capital to growth activities, whether it’s a faster pace of capital investment in the company or tuck-in M&A as we see it, we’ve certainly been active in the M&A space in the recent past. And while we’ve not gone forward, given our level of discipline and focus on things that will make the biggest difference, that will be over time an added opportunity to generate returns of our capital that we generate in the business. So, that’s how I think about it. And ultimately, making sure we make the right investments, allocate our capital both internally and externally to earn the type of returns that Waters has so consistently delivered over time.
Chris O’Connell: Yes, Steve, I think we were -- we always had modest expectations and that’s why we didn’t put too fine a point on a number. Certainly, we expected toward the back half of the year to see more of an impact on that. And obviously, with our largest quarter ahead of us, Q4 accounts for 30% of the year in terms of our historical averages of the third quarter. We want to make sure we see fourth quarter play out and do expect to see a bigger impact. But overall for the year, we expected a modest impact. And so, in terms of what’s played out, I don’t think there’s any question that the muted capital purchasing environment and some of the macro-dynamics we’ve spoken about probably had somewhat of a moderating effect on that impact, but that’s why we focus on some of those underlying metrics of market development that I have continuously alluded to, to gauge our progress. And ideally what that adds up to here is strengthening in the fourth quarter and setting the stage for an even bigger impact in 2020.
Chris O’Connell: Sure. Yes, Jack, let me take -- thanks for the question. And let me take the first part of that and have Sherry comment as well. Yes, we’ve been investing internally in a capability for M&A to add some -- to add to our portfolio in advanced and adjacent technologies with a very rigorous strategic financial and execution framework. And I would characterize the assets we’re looking at as more in the small to mid size, more in the tuck-in category is -- we certainly have a lot of flexibility in our balance sheet to do everything we’re looking at and obviously want to make sure that we can be opportunistic where it’s appropriate. But I’ll have Sherry comment a little further on the covenants and so forth.
Chris O’Connell: Good. Thanks. Sherry, and thanks everybody for your participation and questions. We’re going to wrap up the call now. Just a note of conclusion here. Despite the more challenging capital purchasing dynamics that we’ve talked about this year, 2019 has been an important year for Waters in setting the stage for an exciting multiyear product cycle. We’ve begun to see the early outputs of our significant recent investment in R&D and are encouraged by early customer response. We expect to see increasing sales contribution from our newly commercialized products as well as those still to come over the coming quarters and years. So on behalf of our entire management team, I’d like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q4 2019 call, which we currently anticipate holding on February 04, 2020. Thank you, and have a great day.
