Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks for the question, Vijay. As you know we had a really variable set of market conditions throughout 2019 and certainly the business mix we have was particularly impacted in part by some of the geographic considerations in China, the large mix we have in LC small molecule pharma and some of the industrial categories. As we turn the page to 2020, our starting point is really just a carry-over of market conditions from 2019. We're not assuming an acceleration until we see clear change in the market. Within each geography and category we're looking to balance both the opportunities and the risks. With regard to pharma, as you point out, our assumptions include continued robust performance in the large molecule pharma market, which is about 30% of our mix overall and continued softness in the small molecule market, which is 70% of our mix, and that's why we have a - kind of a moderate view of the pharma market at this point. From an industrial standpoint, the biggest impacts we saw and you referenced TA, were in large polymer and chemicals companies. If you look at our top 20 account say within TA, those are the big global industrial polymers and chemicals companies, they were really soft through the year and particularly in the fourth quarter. Interestingly enough in TA we actually added more new accounts last year than we ever have to try to make up for that, but when the very large companies are down, it's challenging to overcome that. And I would also say that we do support those same customers through our Waters branded products as well and we saw the same exact phenomenon on the Waters side, as we saw in TA in that industrial polymers and chemicals. So again, our assumption there is, we're not assuming a major rebound, but we are assuming stable conditions. And so, until we see some different conditions where we thought it was prudent to just assume a continuation of some of the conditions we saw in 2019 into the early part of '20 and we will update as we go along.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, thanks, Tycho. I appreciate the question. Yes, absolutely. We think the underlying market dynamics are - and fundamentals over the long term are really strong. The underlying secular demand drivers, our unique competitive position and our strategy would over time under more normal market conditions scenario continue to support a mid single-digit kind of long-range target and that's exactly what we were talking about at your conferences, is our belief and our confidence in the underlying fundamentals of the market on a long-term basis. And clearly, the difference between that and our immediate near-term outlook is simply a function of some of the challenges that we faced in the markets where we're particularly exposed and to be - to not assume that those change overnight that as I mentioned before that the starting point is more of a carryover from the conditions that we saw. And so, in terms of what it would take to get back up into the mid-single digit plus, it's really a normalization in demand in a couple of key market segments, notably the small molecule pharma segment, certainly general conditions within China returning to reasonable growth, and the stabilization of the industrial markets. We don't have to get huge growth out of the industrial markets. We have to get modest growth out of the industrial markets and then more of a historic norm in terms of the pharma business. As I mentioned before, the large molecule pharma space has continued to stay robust for the market and for Waters through this whole period, and so it's really about that small molecule space perking up. And certainly with some of the deferred investment in that space, we do see pent-up demand building, but until we see it come back into the market we'll continue to remain cautious. As it relates to pricing, there is nothing unusual in terms of pricing in our assumptions. We have seen quite stable pricing on the instrument side. We continue to put small increases through on the recurring revenue side. And despite the gross margin dynamic Sherry talked about in FX and all these other things, we've seen no deterioration in our trade margin. So anyway that's how I'd summarize all of that.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, let me try to cover those Tycho. In terms of around 3 on the GPO, the 4 plus 7, let me just quickly summarize. It was about a year ago that we were coming to grips and the market was coming to grips with what was really a pilot phase of the 4 plus 7, 25 drugs in 11 cities. The second round extended that same set of 25 drugs to 27 provinces, more widespread, and accounted for multiple winners per. The third round bidding has been completed. There are 33 drugs that have been bid and this is across 32 provinces. And so, I think as I said in my prepared remarks, we've seen a pragmatic response from the - from our customers in this. Clearly there is a shift in the market underway from a market that was more purely focused on generic drugs to a market that's being encouraged to scale in that way and maybe in a more price-competitive way to bend the cost curve on generic drugs, while encouraging investment in the innovation sector, and actually a lot of our customers are quite excited about that possibility. And there is a couple of other regulations coming into the market that should support that, including the 2020 ChP or Chinese Pharmacopoeia modernization of QC methods, as well as revised drug administration law which encourages more R&D. So I think taking all that into account, our assumption is for stability, but not necessarily a big bounce back, but we think the foundations are being put in place for a sustainable growth picture in the future, and we're investing to take advantage of that where it comes. I think you asked about high-end capital purchases as well if I understood the question correctly. Towards the end of the year, we actually saw a nice improvement in our high risk mass spectrometry sales because of our new product launches. The Cyclic IMS and the SYNAPT XS in the high resolution category finished the year on a strong note. Those were back half product introductions, and we're excited about a reestablished leading position in that space, and I think there is opportunity this year. But we also saw a lot of encouraging activity in the BioAccord which continue to ramp through the year. In fact, we saw - we sold more units in Q4 of BioAccord than we sold in the first three quarters combined. So we think we have a good momentum there. And baking that all in, we're assuming about a point of new product increment in terms of our results into 2020. Your last point, I think was on clinical. That tends to be a fairly lumpy business. It's a smaller part of our business overall, about 6% of our revenue. It does get baked into our trade class reporting number on pharma. So it was a slight detriment to pharma. We've grown over more rolling periods, could of three-year periods, the clinical business pretty consistently and pretty well. And clinical business remains a priority for the company and we think there's going to be ramping demand over time for mass spectrometry based assays, particularly newborn screening and therapeutic drug monitoring. So it tends to be a lumpier business and - but we stay very focused on building our technology portfolio there.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, thanks, Danny. I think as we look at the overall market, we've seen consistent feedback from a lot of different sources that the small molecule market has been in a tougher growth environment recently. And what's most different about Waters is that, we have such a large exposure there, with pharma being about 55% of our revenue overall, and small molecule being 70% of that. We're simply more exposed. As you know, we have a unique mix that's in our LC business, that's pharma heavy and is QC heavy. And so where we play and what we see, we see our share is very stable. We're expecting to the majority of workflows and within our installed base the purchasing can come and go with capital purchasing cycles, but we see the underlying utilization very clearly with our service and our chemistry business. And our chemistry business, by the way in pharma, has remained very solid through this cycle. Chemistry is in pharma on a global basis is consistently up in the mid-to-high single digits, which underscores the stability of that installed base. And so, our focus is simply to continue to serve our customers and position ourselves to take advantage of when demand returns. Certainly, there have been some unique factors in the pharma LC market. The tailwinds, if you will, in the middle part of the decade, particularly in China and India, yielded some headwinds as we got to the end of the decade with China and India. And on top of that, the U.S. generic market has been a tougher environment in the last year with a spike in user fees and some litigation noise in the environment. So I think we understand it all very well. We think the market is fundamentally attractive as you point out of your question. We've continued to invest in our portfolio, and we're expanding our technology portfolio and LC, and we're excited for a rebound of that market when it occurs.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. We're committed to continuing to update these on a quarter-to-quarter basis and like I said, the product launches, particularly in the mass spectrometry side last year were spread across the year the larger systems geared towards the back half of the year, while the BioAccord came in earlier and was a market development process that really began to bear some meaningful fruit by the end of the year. I'd say in very simple terms, Dan, the overall impact of the new products is somewhat impacted by the market conditions that we face in our business. You can see segments where those products have a more prominent impact have done better, such as the governmental and academic category, the large molecule category. And so as market conditions improve, we should see a bigger impact of new products. But like I said, at the top of the call, the prudent assumption heading into the year is starting point, that's more of a carryover of those market conditions until we see the change clearly in our business. And so, we have taken, I think, a pragmatic approach to forecasting the impact of the new products, but have - continue to be very, very excited about them and certainly the innovation strategy generally. And the gains in R&D productivity we're achieving inside are really motivating the team and making us excited for what's ahead as market conditions stabilize.
Christopher O'Connell: Thanks, Derik. I appreciate it. Let me make a couple of quick comments on Andrew and then Sherry can talk a little about buyback program and the leverage targets and so forth, and I'm happy to add to it as well. But Andrew Alliance, we're super excited about that technology. One of the most consistent things that I've heard from customers as I go around regularly is the pressure point on sample preparation and sample automation on the front end of a lot of analyses and Andrew is truly a next generation technology platform in robotics, but also in a cloud ready software to tie it all together and to automate and replicate experiments in a much more effective way. We're not going to break out revenue at this point. It's fairly modest in the big scheme of the world and we're also trying to get a handle on the opportunity, not just to sell Andrew products, but the beneficial impact that will have on pulling through Waters instruments, which is a big part of our logic. The integration is going really well and in fact, the Andrew team is in town and I had a chance to sit down with them yesterday and the people within our chemistry organization that are leading the charge as well as the Andrew people, I couldn’t be more excited. Everybody from the organization is staying and working very closely together to take advantage of the opportunity. So we'll give updates as we move along and look forward to sharing some more of that technology with the investment community.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, Derik, as you know, it's hard to forecast that. Well, we do have a good pipeline. We are very, very selective. We have been involved in a number of different situations and chosen to move forward just very selectively. But it is purposeful and it is proactive and we'll just have to take it as it comes, but continue to focus on those investments in terms of what they can do for our growth, what they can do for the accretion of EPS over time, as well as the returns on invested capital which are our key metrics there.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, let me take a comment on that, Doug, and Sherry can add to it as well. I see how you're piecing apart the math, and certainly as we've said, we - our assumption coming into the year is just stable conditions, nothing really better from the standpoint of the type of conditions we saw until it actually comes through in the business plus some benefit in new products. Actually our recurring revenue assumption is very consistent in the coming year with where we've been. We saw solid recurring revenue performance in 2019 with some improvement over the course of the year, some steady improvement over the course of the year, and a really solid Q4, but all in, the recurring revenue assumption stays about the same. And really that does imply an instrument assumption that is flat to maybe slightly down at the midpoint, but we think that's prudent and consistent with what we saw in the prior year before the effect of new products. So I think a very balanced outlook that balances opportunity and risk, and obviously looking forward to updating that over the course of the year.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Thanks for the question. Yes, BioAccord, we thought was a good story over the course of the year, a lot of excellent foundational work to get as many customers exposure to it as we could to work into some budget cycles for potential year in money and we saw a nice benefit there. Like I mentioned, we sold more BioAccords in Q4 than we sold in Q1 and Q3 combined. As it relates to Q1, we've seen quite a stable or modest purchasing dynamic in Q1 on a fairly regular basis and so we're not making any huge assumptions for Q1 as you know from our top line guide of flat to 2%. We're expecting a modest quarter in Q1, consistent with sort of prior year experience, but - so we're not necessarily expecting a sequential move on BioAccord from Q4 to Q1, but certainly we're expecting a nice sequential move from '19 to '20 for the year overall to be very positive for BioAccord.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Absolutely, Paul, thanks. Yes, we've done a significant amount of work in the R&D function across the company and are really excited about our platform strategy. So we've done a ton of work in the last four years to establish next-generation system components that can really serve as the foundation for systems, more of a systems architecture with our products where we effectively move from a kind of a spot innovation model of one instrument at a time to families and value streams of instruments that can be produced more repeatable cadence into the future and BioAccord is a really good example of that. So the fundamental architecture of BioAccord which has a common system controller, a new software and firmware architecture, and new hardware components that are durable over time can be spun on a routine basis to bring more capability into the market. The original BioAccord launch a little about a year ago now carried three core applications of protein, peptides and glycans. We successfully launched a new application in December at the end of the year for oligonucleotides, which is a really significant need in the marketplace and has been very well received by our customers, and the BioAccord platform will spin again sometime this year. And so, as I've commented before, BioAccord as a family, as a value stream, is a platform that we can - we will spend 5 to 7 to 8 to 10 different versions over the coming years depending on customer needs, but to bring new capability in the marketplace on a routine basis. You can certainly apply that same thinking for systems architecture to our other value streams and see where we may be going. And in addition to that, we've had the chance to largely complete development and to begin the early commercialization process on Waters Connect, which is our next-generation software platform. So we've done a lot of the foundational work to move towards a more sustainable cadence of new product introductions based on more of a systems philosophy and excited about what that will yield. I think we have time for one more question.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Like I mentioned, Steve, the trends in TA were very much dominated by large polymer and chemicals companies. About two-thirds of our revenue in TA is sold into the polymers and chemicals world. And as you might imagine, we've got some large accounts in that space. I would say, it was softer than we expected coming into the quarter, but directionally consistent. We saw those trends really all year long among those top customers and that's why I made the comment earlier that we spent a fair amount of time actually creating new accounts and that's actually exciting for the future, because we've opened up some new ground, but some of the newer, smaller accounts that were added in greater number than ever before just can't make up for the big large customers which we expected to be soft at the end of the year but ended up being a lot softer than even our forecast. I think when we step back and look at the big picture, those customers are still great customers. We have a very strong leading market share position in all these technologies, very strong and stable team. And so looking at the year ahead, we expect those type of market conditions to stabilize. And as I mentioned, also we did see a lot of the same patterns in our advanced polymer characterization product line and some of the other things we do on the Waters side in LCMS in some of those similar types of accounts. So I think we understand the picture pretty well, and we're just focused on returning that. The other thing we're going to benefit from TA this coming year is we've got some exciting new product launches that we'll talk more about as we get into the year.
Christopher O'Connell: I think we might be finishing the call here. So I think we're a little bit over time and maybe Steve's microphone is not live there, so let me just wrap up the call. And Steve, we can certainly follow-up on your question offline here as well as everybody else. But I want to thank everyone for your participation and questions. Despite the more challenging capital purchasing dynamics in 2019, we remain focused on executing on our innovation strategy and we are excited with our early progress. While our end markets have shown some near-term volatility, we are confident in their long-term growth potential and continue to invest for growth in R&D, commercial operations, and purposeful acquisitions. So on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q1 2020 call, which we currently anticipate holding on April 28th, 2020. Thank you and have a great day.
Sherry Buck: Yes. So you've got a couple of questions buried in there Vijay, so I'll try to cover them all. We look at our gross margins and really our operating margins. The lower gross margin guidance, I'd say overall is really a function of our topline growth. Peeling that back down a little bit, we think about our gross margin. The two biggest levers on our gross margin are volume leverage and FX. And in years when we've had higher gross margins in the 59% range, we had mid single-digit plus growth. So I'd say the gross margin is really a function of our top line guide. And similarly with our operating margin and our operating expenses coming into 2020, we're really trying to strike a balance between growth, investment and profitability. And so we're continuing to invest in R&D and commercial capabilities. But we also have some headwind coming into 2020 with normalization of our variable costs and some expenses for Andrew Alliance. So that's our inputs for our guide of 30% operating margin. Moving on to the tax rate that you asked about, we ended the fourth quarter tax rate more favorable than we were expecting. That was due to some discrete items in the quarter as well as the mix of our profits in our tax jurisdictions, and we're not expecting that to repeat in 2020. So after we came out of tax reform, we're really looking at our tax rate for the business to be in that range of 14% to 15%.
Sherry Buck: I'd just like to add on the gross margin for the quarter, just to break that down a little bit. Gross margin in the quarter was impacted by about 90 basis points of FX and the remainder of that lower gross margin year-over-year was fixed cost absorption and mix.
Sherry Buck: Yes, and Derik, just to follow-up on the capital allocation question is, as you know, after we came out of tax reform, we started working towards a more optimal capital structure and we've been executing against that plan over the last couple of years with higher return of capital through share buybacks. So as we look at going into 2020, there's a variety of factors that we look at. Our priorities from a business standpoint, our performance, et cetera, and really looking at repurchases this year of about $800 million and that would put us based upon our guide we gave today in the low 2 times leverage ratio. And so the factors that could increase us towards our kind of near-term goal of 2.5 times could be M&A opportunities. So we just look at all the different factors, and this is where we set our guide for the full year and we'll look at it each quarter and make adjustments there - updates as we go through the year.
Sherry Buck: Hi, Doug, this is Sherry. I'll start off maybe with the last question there about Andrew Alliance. We haven't done a breakout all the detail line item specifically. There is some impact on operating margin - operating margins and operating expenses and we gave in our guide that it's slightly dilutive to our overall EPS, so a modest amount there. And when you think about our margins - the 30% margin, one of the things we have in 2020 here is some normalization of prior year variable costs, that's a headwind for us. But as we look at our overall operating margins and getting beyond the 30%, it's really a function of our top line growth. So as we get back to our goal of being mid-single digits or above, that's when we have opportunity for higher operating margins and expansion. And so that's kind of the factor around that. As far as measuring some of the investments we're making, I'd say two key areas where we're investing for growth is, continuing to invest in our R&D pipeline and that's really continuing to keep our product pipeline robust and bringing new products to market and that will play out in the top line growth, and also, we're investing in commercial capability. So tools for our sales force as far as salesforce.com, it again should play out in top line growth metrics. So that's kind of how we're looking at the investments we're making in the business.
Sherry Buck: I think as we look at our new products, obviously, when we're bringing new products to market, we're looking at our customer demands and have financial hurdles for those business cases. And so I'd say, that the operating margins on the - particularly some of these mass spectrometry products are at or a little bit above our company average.
