Udit Batra: Thank you, Amol. So, in summary, another transformative year for Waters. We will continue to navigate the current market environment well and deliver earnings growth for our shareholders in 2024.  Before I close, I would like to share a few updates on our ESG efforts. We've made strong progress towards our environmental goals with 77% of our electricity now sourced from renewable or low carbon sources.  In 2023, we started working with the Science Based Targets initiative to build on this progress and develop further emissions reduction targets. We've also enhanced our climate related disclosure with our TCFD related reporting.  Waters was recognized as one of the best companies to work for but by the US News and World Report, and we achieved a perfect score of 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index.  We're also proud that our governance has been recognized. Waters Board of Directors was named the 2024 Public Company Board of the Year by National Association of Corporate Directors, New England chapter.  So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Caspar.
Udit Batra: Look, a couple of high level comments, and then I'll go to the end markets and let Amol comment on the pricing question. The 2024 guidance in general assumes that the trends that we saw in 2023 continue in large part. So, you start off just looking at what happened in 2023. outside of China, all end markets and geographies grew low-single-digits or thereabouts. So all geographies were low-single-digits, and we assumed the same trend for the balance of the year. And all end markets are in the similar sort of zip code. And in China, we assume roughly sort of mid-teens to high-teens decline for 2024.  Now when you do the arithmetic, you basically look at the comps. The first half of the year will be slower than the second half, right? The first half of the year has significantly higher comps. When you look at the academic and government stimulus, especially in China, and then the second half of the year, that alleviates, so you'll start to see a bit of a growth.  So now to your question on the full year and the assumption for different end markets. For the full year, pharma, we are expecting to grow low-single-digits. And this is again on the back of what we saw in 2023. Industrial was flat in 2023 for the full year, expect to be there or thereabouts, low-single-digit growth. And A&G with a very strong year, roughly 10%, 12% for 2023. We expect it to be a low double-digit decline, basically in China declining quite significantly because of high comps, and the rest of the world, you sort of go back to the long term trends of low single-digit growth. So really, overall, expecting the same execution that we saw in 2023, basically really nice performance in markets outside of China with low single-digit growth in China, mid-teens decline. And by end market, sort of similar trends. Strength continuing in pharma due to our QA/QC focus.  Amol, on the pricing. 
Udit Batra: I think just to sort of emphasize that point even more, what gives me sort of a lot of confidence is what we saw on our gross margin and our operating margin. In such an environment, we took proactive cost actions. Operating margin for the full year expanded by 70 basis points and gross margin by 160 basis points. You can talk a good game on pricing, but at the end, it has to show up in the P&L, and that's what we're really proud off.
Udit Batra: Let me start by first just talking about what we have seen in Q4. You would have seen that, Q4, our sales ramped from Q3 to Q4 by about 15%. And this is typical in a QA/QC driven business. It's muted versus historical trends, which are roughly 24% for Waters. But in a QA/QC driven business, you do see a ramp in replacement towards the end of the year. That trend is very much intact, especially outside of China.  I think it's naive to think that replacement cycles have suddenly stopped. This Q4 ramp tells us that replacement cycles are still ongoing. Now the underlying question is, what are driving these replacement cycles and how do you trigger them? In a muted CapEx environment, the conversations we've had with customers on replacements have largely centered around new products, Arc HPLC and Alliance iS, which have both gained a lot of nice receptivity. So, new products allow you to continue to have that conversation. And you see that reflected in our sort of pharma results outside of China and as you compare it to our peer group.  Now, to your question on did we see an outsize replacement during the post COVID years? It's very difficult to tell. We think it was more a push back from the depression that you saw during COVID and outsized execution that we saw due to the replacement cycle that we had not had from 2018 to 2020. So pent up demand sort of helped us get really outsized growth.  Now, to corroborate that point, if you just look at LC, LC is 70% replacement business. And if you look at how we ended the full year 2023, so LC – and again, one should look at long term trends, on a long term basis, is roughly 1% growth on a four-year CAGR. So LC is growing roughly 1% on a four year CAGR basis, which is well below the long term average of about 4% to 5%. And you add pricing, so it's actually 4-ish-percent sort of below in volume versus the long term trend of 4% to 5% LC growth.  So we do expect LC replacement to start imminently. Now don't ask me exactly when that inflection point is. Short term, we have a ton of visibility with a lot of data and a lot of conversations with customers. Long term, we think the trends are going to revert back to the mean or even better, given what we've talked about in our prepared remarks. The inflection point you don't get any extra marks to call it. So in 2024, we've assumed the same trends as 2023 to persist. But, definitely, we believe LC is due to come up in growth rates. So, long answer, but I hope that gives you a lot of context on how we're thinking about it.
Udit Batra: Early days, Matt. We've assumed roughly $50 million to $75 million for now in the food market. And over time, we expect it to expand. As you well pointed out, that could be a pretty significant market. We want to be a bit cautious here. So the 30 basis points is largely on the back of water testing, and not much from food testing at this point. But that said, the PFAS market is super dynamic. So we've gone from water testing to expansion into food testing, into tissue samples, into soil samples, into sewage, and into industrial companies sort of purchasing mass specs to analyze their effluent stream. So, it's a market that's going to significantly expand. But we're a bit cautious in trying to guess exactly what that size is. What we're focused on is sort of going after each and every opportunity in these segments, and you see that with roughly 40% growth. So stay tuned. As we find out more, you'll progressively see the increased market sizes or better information emerge.
Udit Batra: Rachel, just to sort of build on what Amol has said, we're really no different than what we saw in Q4 overall, right? Q4 was almost 7.5%, 8% down versus previous year. And we're assuming, at the midpoint of the guide, Q1 is roughly 10% down. We expect, as Amol said, the trends from Q4 to persist into Q1. Low-single-digit-ish growth or flat growth in ex China. And in China, roughly 40% decline due to the heavy comps, especially from A&G last year where we had the benefit of the stimulus was coming through. So no real challenge.  I'll just sort of say one more thing. In pharma in China, in particular, we're starting to see a bit of stabilization. We're starting to see biotech spending start to reemerge. We're starting to see CDMO spending on recurring revenues. And we're also, in the branded generics segment, which is roughly 50% of our pharma market, where more and more cities and more and more hospitals are starting to open up. So we see that trend, but we are cautious in calling that at this point in Q1. So Q1, basically similar tends to Q4. 
Udit Batra: Similar trends in the first half and second half. Just the arithmetic is that the comps in the first half are higher than the second half.
Udit Batra: It's a great question. You nailed it. When we gave our Q4 guidance also last year, there was a lot of questions on how did you come up with the guidance, and we use similar sort of math. You basically look at 15 years of data, which is what we have. And you look at sequential changes mathematically. Then you look at the funnel itself and then look at what the funnel is saying in terms of the orders. And third, you have conversations with customers. And during a difficult time, the visibility – ironically, people say visibility is pretty low. Well, visibility in the short term is incredibly high. We just didn't like what we're seeing. And so, people think visibility is low. Visibility is pretty high. Analytically, we're looking at things very carefully. We're talking to a ton of customers. We're just executing really, really well. Just getting every opportunity that's in front of us.  So to answer your question, yes, we are using that math of sequential growth quarter-on-quarter, and that's embedded in the full-year guidance. Now, if that improves – I mean, I'm sort of anticipating the next question. If that improves, of course, you'll see upside right? And we're starting to see trends from Q4, especially in China, look a bit better in Q1, especially in the largest end market, which is pharma.  In the ex-China geographies, in Q1, we've assumed that the same trends continue from Q4 and customers are cautious, like they were cautious in Q1, which is what we are sort of hearing from many of our customers. They want to see how Q1 lands before they start releasing CapEx. But you've got one of the elements of our guide philosophy nailed, yes.
Udit Batra: I think let's look at clean results ex-China, which is where things are not sort of affected by shutdowns and the like. I can give you the overall statistic. Back in 2020, the revenues from biologics, out of our total pharma revenues, were less than 20%. Now that number is in excess of 35%. 400 basis points of that is Wyatt. But the rest of it is the base organic acceleration in large molecule applications.  Now, I can't tell you off the top of my head, how much of that comes from chemistry and how much of that comes from instruments. It's a mix, I would argue. At this point, it's basically a mix of the two, BioAccord sort of picking up, Xevo G3 picking up. But in chemistry, what I can tell you is roughly 70% to 80% of R&D spend is now on large molecule and biologics application MaxPeak Premier Columns, in its third year, is growing in excess of 30%. We've introduced a new gene therapy column. So, really pleased with what we're doing on large molecule applications, with 35% of our pharma revenues now coming from biologics.
Udit Batra: Industrial finished 2023 roughly flat. And flat in a year where there was significant macro challenges. And this was largely due to PFAS and battery testing offsetting the other macro sensitive segments in our industrial business. And TA, we've not talked about that business in a while, but the TA business for the full year grew 3% in a year where growth was very difficult to get and that included – that number includes China.  Now, as you look into 2024, we assume that the full year will be there or thereabouts, low single-digit growth. Ex-China growing low single-digits really on the back of PFAS, battery and a bit of recovery on food and environmental. And China, really now, given this large comps in 2023 in the negative territory in the low to mid-single-digits. So expecting 2024 to look similar to 2023 overall, especially ex-China. A little bit of – the stronger sort of comps in China make maybe a bit of muted growth. So you should assume that industrial will be sort of flat to low single-digit growth in 2024.
Udit Batra: Just to sort of embellish on that, Amol has covered it extremely well, Tom. LC, as I mentioned earlier – two or three factors to keep in mind – on a long term basis, is traversing well below our long-term averages. So, in general, on a four or five-year stack basis, you should expect LC to be mid-single-digits. It's actually flat to 1%. You look at that number for 2023, LC overall declined almost 10%, 11%. And bulk of that decline came from China. So, China declined roughly 30%, 40% – maybe actually close to 40%, 45% in LC. Outside of China, we were sort of low single-digit decliners in LC.  So to your question on how will the recovery will be impacted with coming back to growth in China, we expect that, in the first half of the year, we'll see similar trends that we saw in the second half of the year in LC. And the second half of the year, we will start to see a bit of a relief and growth.  And as we talk to our customers, to our largest customer segment, which is pharma, we're starting to see biotechs start to spend again, we're starting to see CDMOs, especially recurring revenue, come back. And in branded generics, more and more hospitals are opening up. So it's going to be a mix of replacement cycles beginning again in ex-China markets and in China recovery in pharma.  So put those two together, and you should start to see LC come back. We're not assuming that in our guide at this point, but definitely there are trends in that direction. 
Udit Batra: Really continuing the trend. So we went from, what, 20 – so, ecommerce from about 20% to 35% already, 35-plus-percent already in ecommerce, and we expect that to grow closer to 40% by the end of 2024. And in service attachment, having already seen roughly 500 basis points of service attach increase from the time we started the initiative three years ago, we're planning for another 100 basis points of service attachment increase in 2024. So continuing on with our commercial initiatives.
Udit Batra: I'll start with the order and then I'll let Amol talk about the tax piece. Orders are in line with sales again, direct. So, no real difference between the two for Q4. And the trend from Q3 to Q4, it's almost a 15% ramp from Q3 to Q4. Same thing we saw with orders really, as expected. So, Q4 really landed as we had talked about. Amol, on tax.
Udit Batra: Derik, fantastic question. our goal in bioanalytical characterization is to make it as simple as it is in small molecules. The QA/QC environment for large molecules in cell and gene therapy should become just as simple. And to do that, you need to take some high end technologies, simplify them, move them into downstream applications, so they're simple to use. LC is already there. Mass spec, the BioAccord has made great strides. Light scattering is ahead of mass spec. So it's going to enter QA/QC sooner. And there are a couple of other technologies, like Raman, like cellular analysis, that also belong in the QA/QC and the process analytical testing domain.  But all of this hinges on having a simple software that the regulators trust, like in power. So, our single largest initiative with Wyatt after delivering our commercial results is to get Wyatt light scattering software onto Empower. And we will have a beta version of that by the end of the year. And I think that's the primary requirement for QA/QC in large molecules to become like small.  So stay tuned, really exciting area. And we're investing in the future while we are navigating the present really, really carefully.
Udit Batra: Thank you, Caspar. Thank you, Amol. Thank you, everyone, for listening. 2023 has been an unprecedented and challenging year. We've navigated extremely well. As you look at our results outside of China, every end market, every geography grew, which is unusual in this environment amongst our peer group as well. And what is even more pleasing is our focus on cost management. So, really, 70 basis points of margin expansion in the year where the top line went down dramatically is quite an achievement. And we've done that while setting ourselves up very well for the future. We expect the long term growth of our business to be very much intact and accelerate based on what Amol and I described to you.  So thank you, again, for your interest and your attention. 
Amol Chaubal: On pricing, when we started 2023, we started with an assumption of 200 basis points, 250 basis points. But as the year panned out, our team gathered strength quarter after quarter, and you see full year, we finished about 300 basis points on price side.  Now, long term, we've said we'll do about 100 basis points better than what we've historically done. And historically, we had done 50 to 75 basis points. So that's where our current assumption is starting, roughly around 200 basis points of pricing gains in 2024. But, again, the underlying trend is we're doing better than that. And where better to see it, right? It reflects loud and clear in our gross margin expansion, which is where it should show up. 
Amol Chaubal: We expanded our full year margins by 70 basis points. And on a constant currency basis, that's 120 basis points of expansion because we had a good 50 basis points of FX headwind during the year. The negative leverage from volume was partially offset by mix and AIP. So net-net, it was negative 40 basis points. Pricing added 110 basis points, freight and material savings another 60 basis points, cost actions added another 60 basis points. And then we invested about 70 basis points in nurturing higher growth adjacencies. So that's roughly the breakdown.
Amol Chaubal: The one-timers are largely in China. You had the stimulus last year in A&G. And the level of weakness we are seeing now in China, last year's Q1 baseline doesn't reflect that at all. In the rest of the world, we are assuming customers will be slow out of the gate versus what we typically see. And that's based on the trend that we saw in Q4, where the budget flush was muted. And that will somehow, we think, reflect in how quickly budgets are released to customers. And that's sort of playing out in the guide.
Amol Chaubal: Just keep in mind, Q1 is our smallest quarter, right? So small changes have a meaningful impact on the pattern.
Amol Chaubal: We've sort of looked at it from various different vantage points. If you look at sort of how we've performed ex China, we've grown sort of low single-digits and we expect that to be the case for the full year, with some slow out of the gate with how the budgets are released in Q1. And then, you sort of face a muted budget flush baseline towards the later part of the year.  China, you will see decline, as we talked about, in Q1 because the baseline is pretty strong. But as we get into the second half of China, we think things will normalize because a lot of the demand slowness is reflected. So if you sort of look at it from that vantage point, for the first half, we sort of declined mid-single-digits. For the second half, we sort of grow mid-single-digits. When you look at it on a five year stack versus 2019, roughly, it's mid-single-digits growth both for the first half as well as the second half.
Amol Chaubal: China, if you look at 2019 or 2022, was roughly 17% to 19% of our revenue. Now, where we finished in 2023, it's about 15% of our revenue.  When you look at sort of the different issues compounding the current situation in China, but we generally feel, barring maybe one or two smaller issues, most of these issues are cyclical rather than structural. So, for example, CDMOs struggling with overcapacity, as well as geopolitical challenges or branded generics pulling back spend because of anti-corruption campaigns or industrial business, especially food and environmental, slowing down because of government pulling back reimbursement. We think these issues are largely cyclical. They will all come back. It's just a question when, and it's very hard to predict when that will happen.  On the other hand, the biotech funding and the resultant volume they've placed on tier two, tier three CDMOs, that we think is structural. And in the near term, they're not going to be at the levels of 2021, 2022 spending. But at least on that issue, which is structural, the good news is we think we found the bottom on that issue because newer molecules are starting to see funding. But there is going to be sort of $30 million to $40 million correction to our 2022 baseline. The remaining issues we think eventually will come back. And that's the business that is today.  And then, as we've said before, what we are super excited about is this whole push for innovative medicines. And there's a whole new vector opening up in China and we think that will create significant value. And we absolutely want to be part of that equation. And we are taking steps, so that we have local presence and participate in that journey more closely.
Amol Chaubal: Derik, great question on tax. So, if you traced last few years with us, the tax rate has gone up roughly about 150 basis points to 200 basis points. And bulk of that is really coming from the US R&D capitalization. And as a company, we've sort of taken a position that Section 174 changes have an ongoing effect on our P&L. And absent of future legislation, we are not excluding those charges from our non-GAAP P&L, which is different from some of us in the sector. But we think those expenses are part of our non-GAAP P&L, and that's the bulk of the change.  The other things that are creeping in there is Singapore going from 0% to 5%. and Ireland adopting Pillar Two, going to 15%. I think 2025, the. big one is, will Singapore adopt and in what form and in what offsets they provide when they do adopt that. So that remains to be seen. We are closely watching that. And as that plays out, we will provide more commentary when that happens.
