Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call as usual is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer. And as our normal practice, I'll start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, and then John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the third quarter and for the full year. Before we get going, however, I'd like John to cover the usual cautionary language.
Douglas Berthiaume: But Dan, just to be sure, that's kind of one factor. We were expecting to be able to close more business. ASMS was more significant on the high-end mass spec side. We think that kind of delayed some existing product orders. That also seems to be a hypothesis that's playing out in what we're seeing early on in the third quarter. So yes, we did see that weakness. We're doing our best to understand it. And of course, when you hear the sales management and the sales force say, "Gee, I expected to get that order," "I expected to be able to ship it, but it didn't," well, the fact that it did come in the first week in July and then shipped first week in August, excuse me...
Douglas Berthiaume: No, first week of July. Yes, I'll get there. It adds credibility to that. That's all I think John is saying. [Technical Difficulty]
Douglas Berthiaume: I think that as we look at the areas where we saw the softness develop, I would say that as we look at the government academic piece, that appears to be much more heavily weighted towards the timing of the new product launches. There's a fair amount of interest in that segment, in the new, as you talked, G2-S. We believe that as that product begins to make its way to demo labs and then ramps up production across the quarter, that we're likely to see some relief with the shipments to that customer base. There’s some words booked already for that instrument and a lot of interest, and it is no doubt that it had slowed, the order ramp post-ASMS, as we began to promote that instrument. Now we knew some of that was going to happen, and we did anticipate that a backlog build would develop from that. But the backlog build was much larger associated with that instrument than we had estimated. On the LC side, I would say that there were just a significant number of pharma accounts in the U.S. that just tailed off business in -- late in the quarter. And that's the business that's already come in and shipped early in the third quarter. So we've seen -- we saw a decline in our pharma business in the U.S. from about 8% or thereabouts in the first quarter to about 4% growth in the second quarter, and that seems to have turned right back around and come back to us early in Q3. So that's a little bit more color on what we've seen in those couple of markets.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I think your question's a good one because 3 weeks do not a quarter make. We're encouraged because it specifically points to the issues that we saw kind of in the latter part of the second quarter in the U.S. And so we're specifically seeing unusual early strength in that segment of our business coming as we speak. So it's not like a surge in Chinese Waters is offsetting weakness in the U.S. It kind of adds a clear level of confidence that what the field was telling us was happening in the latter part of the second quarter seems to be playing out as they were confident that those orders were coming in. And they're coming in at a growth level that's over and above what you'd expect out of a normal beginning to the quarter. So that is clearly encouraging to us. We're still -- we're not taking that current run rate of our business and straight lining it for the quarter. Frankly, if we did, our growth rate would be much higher. But what it certainly does is give us a level of confidence that our outlook has a degree of credibility to us that's warranted given the current start to the quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say that as we look at the ramp-up of the new products, we expect to begin to ship the new G2-S starting in early September. We'll be ramping that up across the third month of the quarter and certainly ramping it through all of Q4 to meet the demand that we expect for that product. So the fact that we're early on in preproduction, moving to production in these products gives us a level of confidence that a 9% growth this quarter, certainly coming into the quarter with a meaningful backlog, makes sense to us. But we think that really, the real benefit of these new products is really going to be seen in the fourth quarter. So there is a little bit of a shift, if you will, associated with these products into the fourth quarter. Additionally, we've got a little bit better currency environment. So that plays a little bit of a factor in the fourth quarter as well as the third quarter, and it's currency that's kind of offsetting the delta in the second quarter to keep that full year guidance intact.
Douglas Berthiaume: One level of flavor is that our backlog builds -- with significant lag terms, and it was substantially higher than it is traditionally in the second quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, Jon, we’ve gone through many, many years of this, we've tried through all of our inputs to draw a pretty mid-line between a conservative outlook, a liberal outlook and a mainline outlook of what we see. We certainly saw a slower close to the second quarter than we anticipated, and that would have tempered our outlook somewhat for the coming year. But when we roll up all the factors, we look at the new product launches, we look at the backlog position, we look at our current run rate of our business, we look at the field inputs and we draw that middle line, we say, "We don't want to yo-yo people, we don't want to yo-yo our own organization into allowing spending to creep up a little bit and then to haul it back." So we think we're -- we've got a forecast for the rest of the year and guidance here at the same level of credibility that we would normally have. It doesn't make it a dead solid cinch, but neither does it make it an extraordinary amount of risk that goes into it. We think we're drawing that same middle line with an opportunity. You've seen us in previous quarters exceed our guidance. And somebody might have said, "Well, you're seeing that." Well, we don't think we're seeing that. We think we kind of have the opportunity to exceed these numbers. And there's some risk, as we saw this last quarter, that we might underachieve them, but we haven't changed our practice. I guess that's my -- and yes, you could say arbitrarily take it down by some arbitrary number, but we know that's not our policy and it's not our practice. So we haven't done it.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I just, as John said -- the specific area where we saw the most softness was in the U.S. And that's the specific area where we've seen the most rebound coming in our current results in the third quarter. So I think that's an encouraging dynamic. We had a pretty good first quarter in the U.S. We anticipated that to continue. It was less robust than we thought.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I think we saw, particularly in the U.S., that slowing would be most dominated by the large accounts. So that's where -- and that's typically where we have pretty good visibility. And that's also where we've seen a number of those orders come in early in the third quarter. So I would say it's mainly a large account dynamic. That doesn't necessarily mean ethical. We now have some very large bio and generic accounts. But I'd say the weakness that we saw was in the large accounts.
Douglas Berthiaume: Probably our highest growth within the developing world, including Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe. But TA's remarkably consistent across geographies. And I would say it'll be interesting as the new DSC really gets rolling, and we've really just started rolling that out. You'd expect that to get the most play in your most sophisticated accounts, and that would have an impact in the U.S. and in Western Europe. So I'm optimistic that TA could even surprise us a little, although Terry Kelly would deny that to me. But I think they've got a good roll on.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I think we're expecting that the market dynamic is going to be flattish. We think that we have the opportunity to do better with the new products because we saw weakness in kind of the cutting edge proteomics and life science research. Those applications tend to be higher on the priority list for spending. And with -- and we know we saw some delays in the -- as a result of the G2-S introduction that go into those applications. But we're still reluctant to bank too much on that whole market because the uncertainty of funding. So that doesn’t factor significantly into our expectations for growth for the second half.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I wish I could be very definitive about it, Tycho. We saw good performance there in the first quarter, and then it slowed a bit in the second quarter. H-Class continues to do well, although it grew at a slower rate than in the first quarter. We clearly saw on some of the higher-end research applications customers wanting to wait because the I-Class that we introduced clearly has kind of eye-popping performance. And so in those front-end research applications where performance is kind of controlled, I think we clearly saw a delay in ACQUITY orders because of the introduction of the I-Class, and we won't be shipping that until the third quarter. So that's something we can specifically point to. And other than that, traditionally I'd say we see the big pharma accounts delaying their capital spend at the front end of the year. And sometimes, they delay it right up until the fourth quarter. That doesn't mean they don’t spend anything, but they hold back significant pieces of those capital budgets. We thought, with the first quarter performance, that we saw a difference there. And yet in the second quarter, we saw some reluctance to spend in those large accounts. Now I'll tell you, we have looked exhaustively at competitive dynamics. And in an account -- do we lose share in specific accounts? I can tell you unequivocally that we don't think that, that dynamic is occurring. Clearly, we don't have 100% of the market. And clearly, we lose some bids and win others. But as a broad characterization, this was not a competitive dynamic that we saw in the second quarter. And we -- again we see some signs that it could well have been temporary. Now whether that was because these accounts worried about macroeconomics or they worried about regulation, it's hard to tell. But we do see some signs that it's not continuing into the third quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: No. I'd say particularly, the area of Europe that I've been -- had a higher level of concern with is Western Europe. The traditional -- and historically, where I've been more worried is the large countries. But in general, particularly the U.K., has been very good. Germany has been good. France may be a little bit lighter. And in many of the areas where you see macro government issues, we're not seeing the issues in our accounts. So Western Europe has been remarkably resilient through this, and the eastern areas have been very strong. So we clearly continue to see some investment of those traditional Western European companies being put into the areas in Eastern Europe. But even despite that, we're seeing good performance in our traditional Western European geographies.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, Tycho, to be fair, software has always been an important part of our systems approach. And I would think certainly in the sophisticated user community, going back to our -- going back even before Millennium, but Millennium and Empower have -- had overwhelming market shares in those applications. But of course, when mass spec became a more significant part of our product line and the various software products proliferated between HPLC and mass spec, that's when we saw the need to really manage this within one platform, and that was the birth of UNIFI. I think it's been a long haul. It's been a massive project. And you're beginning to see us move into the market with the early iterations of it, particularly with our introduction of the bioproduct earlier this year. But the real significant launches of that come over the next year and a half as UNIFI really kind of replaces our existing software platforms. We think that's going to be a major significant market-moving dynamic, but it's not going to come this year. And so it's a very important strategic position for us. You may see the results kind of embodied within a system sale as opposed to an individual software sale. But you're absolutely right that it's an important part of our R&D spending, and it's an important strategic part of our future system sales.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I -- there were a couple absolutely notable ones that we're working and we thought we'd close in the second quarter that ultimately closed in the first 2 weeks of July. So I'd say we can point to specific issues. But I’d say the overall dynamic of the large pharma accounts being softer in the second quarter than the first quarter wasn’t a 1 or 2. That was a broader dynamic. It's never 100%. I mean, we had some good performing accounts, but it was more broad based than we expected, particularly coming out of the first quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: As it relates to margins, in the third quarter, I said that you'd see the gross margin percentage being comparable to what you saw in the second. Could the H-Class placements drive that a little bit higher? I mean, that's possible. But my model right now would suggest that you think about the third quarter having a gross margin percentage comparable to the second quarter. That will actually be a fairly good relative comparison to Q3 last year where the margins were under 60%. And then in the fourth quarter, the volume leverage typically pushes the gross margins even beyond the high end of the range that I’ve supplied, the 61%, pushing the full year then somewhere between 60.5% and 61%. So I'd say the new products are likely to somewhat favorably affect margins, but that's kind of built in to some extent to the model that I'm describing to you. On SG&A, we're looking at still a little bit more of a difficult comparison in the third quarter. So I'm going to model SG&A growing about with sales there. And that does include 4 points of currency translation. And then by the fourth quarter, you're going to see the SG&A growth rate be maybe half the growth rate thereabouts of what you see on the sales line as a result of a rather easy base of comparison as we had a growth in the expenses in the fourth quarter and we had an overage in the fourth quarter's performance where there was a bit more variable compensation cost included in the fourth quarter that we've spread across the quarters this year.
Douglas Berthiaume: India continues to do well. It is true that India did a little slower growth in the quarter than they had in the past couple of quarters. But I don't think it's anything extraordinary. They had always planned that this quarter, it was up against a good comparison last year. And I don't think it's anything to particularly worry about. We're still anticipating good, double-digit growth coming out of India in the second half. So I think India continues to be a situation that's consistent with what we've seen for the past year or so. Generics were I'd say consistent with the experience that we had across the pharma. We had some very good performance, some not-so-good performance. And overall, we saw a slower growth rate in generics in the second quarter than we did in the first. Again, we don't think that's related to any consistent dynamic. We think that's the -- just almost serendipity. We don't hear a consistent story coming out of those. We fully expect that we're going to continue to see good growth coming out of generics as we go along. So...
Douglas Berthiaume: Those were tough comps in the second quarter of last year, and we see nothing out of those accounts other than good, long-term expectations of higher investments.
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure. I think in the very near past, last year we launched the TQ-S tandem quadrupole that was specifically aimed at taking some share in the regulated bioanalysis marketplace. And this year, we combined that with the new I-Class for our Regulated Bioanalysis System. So that I-Class was just launched at ASMS, so you didn't see any result of that in our second quarter results. But the TQ-S has had excellent response in the marketplace. It has led to good, strong, double-digit triple quad performance consistently since its introduction. And we anticipate that continuing to happen. The new TQD that we launched at ASMS, again we'll start to see results from that in the second half of this year. We're doing well in the applied markets. That's principally where we'll focus the TQD, the Xevo TQD as we're terming it. And I think that will continue the momentum there. The second half results will probably most be affected by the SYNAPT G2-S where we launched that at ASMS. We're already seeing response in our order rate. We're expecting significant shipments of that in the end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. So I would say that on the high-end side, the I-Class introduction on the UPLC front, I think, marks a further pushing of the envelope in the UPLC sphere. It by far will be the best performing UPLC. We expect it will dominate the front end of mass spectrometers and should take a good position in classic UPLC applications and those high-end research applications. So I guess that's the order that I suggest. Good possibility in Regulated Bioanalysis from the TQ-S and the I-Class, and we expect strong results from the SYNAPT G2-S. I think, operator, in the interest of time, we can probably take one more question.
Douglas Berthiaume: No. I'd say it was pretty consistent. I mean, we really saw that -- it became more and more reinforced, I'd say, as the quarter went along. But it wasn't...
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay, I think I appreciate everybody staying on even a little past our normal time. And hopefully, we covered all those questions. If you have any more, I'm sure Gene and John will be standing by to answer the more detailed financial questions. And we’ll look forward to updating you next quarter. Thank you all for sticking with us.
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company, this time for Q3 and full year 2011. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, in Part I under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for October 2011.  During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
John Ornell: Yes, we saw in the U.S. much less of a hockey stick in the last week of the quarter. The business was off pretty significantly as we advanced in week 13, and we saw a lot of that business actually come back early in Q3. So we were a little surprised to see the softening as that week went on. I think for a lot of people, maybe Wednesday, the 30th, was the end of their fiscal quarter, and we saw much less business than is normal in the closing of the week, Thursday and Friday. As we look at the first few weeks in the U.S., again Q3, we saw a lot of that business come right through and so a lot of the orders that we were chasing at the end of the second quarter have been booked and shipped as we speak. So it appears that the strength in the U.S. is kind of back to what we would have expected early in the quarter, and it appears to us to be merely a delay and not anything more than that at this stage.
John Ornell: And the H-Class actually did pretty well in the quarter in spite of the overall results. The original ACQUITY saw some meaningful softness and some shift to the I-Class. We did obviously see some reduction in the growth in both H-Class and Alliance, but those 2 have come right back around, as Doug said, as we get to the third quarter. The I-Class will begin shipping late August, and we expect to see growth in the research grade side of the LC market once we put that I-Class into position in the second half of the quarter.
John Ornell: Sure, yes. I would say the traditional chemical industry accounts, were the area where the softness -- or the large producers that we all know had a somewhat softer quarter in Q2 versus prior year. Where we saw strength continued to be in the applied markets, so we -- the food safety, the environmental, beverage, we continued to see an uptake of our instrument systems there. Our triple quadrupole placements were actually pretty good in those areas. So that's somewhat a continuation of a trend that we saw coming into the quarter and not really too much of a surprise. It's really the applied markets that have been driving growth, and that's continuing as we speak.
John Ornell: I don't think we're seeing a lot of dynamic from new legislation. But most of it's coming from applications and accounts that we've identified in our traditional line. And the impact of that legislation is still yet to be seen.
John Ornell: No, I would agree. And I would say certainly, by the time you get to the fourth quarter, we're going to have a very favorable comparison. And you're going to see the SG&A growth come down dramatically. In the third quarter, there’s still a little bit of a difficult comparison and SG&A is likely to be a little less than sales. In the second quarter, we had the ASMS rollout, we had a number of costs associated with that, including the large number of people that we sent to the show given the -- a large user meeting, and the lag that was there. So there's no doubt that the spend will decline on those types of activities as we make our way through the back half of the year, and you'll see SG&A become more rational as we exit the year.
John Ornell: Yes. As it relates to the second quarter, we had a expectation that currency would lift expenses by 5%. And instead of that, the expenses were lifted about 6.5% associated with currency. So the -- versus original expectations, we had a somewhat stronger euro than I had originally forecast, and that lifted the expenses in the European area that lifted up our percent and higher the overall translated costs versus the original plan. So that was about 1/2 of the overage in SG&A that -- versus what I had expected. And then secondly, we had about another 1.5% growth in SG&A organically associated with the activities around the new products that we felt was warranted given the impact that those products would have later in the year. And then in the second half guidance on currency, we said that currency in the third quarter would be 4 points of pleasure on the top line. That will be modestly accretive to the gross margin performance. Gross margins as a percent of sales, I think will be very comparable to what we saw in the second quarter. And in the fourth quarter, it looks like currency is going to be about 2% positive based on where rates are today.
John Ornell: Well, I think you can see from our margins that we're not seeing extraordinary discounting, Quintin. And I would say that we're not facing anything unusual. We still see that customer -- frankly, you can just look at the product, look at the G2-S. It is the how -- the mass spec product line. And it's premium price, not discount price. You always in individual competitive situations have customers who might be trying to get an extra point or 2 of discount. That's kind of noise level in our business. I wouldn't say that there's any overall dynamic that suggests that prices are going downstream. I think they're holding. And the product mix may actually be suggesting it leans more. The I-Class is a more premium priced product than the ACQUITY that it will ultimately replace. The G2-S is a higher-end product. So -- and the DSC in TA's world has very good prices and very good margin. So I just don't see any overall dynamic that would lead me in that direction.
John Ornell: The chemistry growth was double digit actually this quarter, and it was the ACQUITY columns that really drove that increase, attaching it specifically to H-Class versus traditional ACQUITY card. But certainly, the ACQUITY columns continue to be the driver of growth in the chemistry business and pushing it to double digit.
John Ornell: And it was really, I'd say, post-ASMS that we really began to see more interest than we originally anticipated in some of the -- specifically the G2-S. And the business there tailed off meaningfully after that and has created some order backlog since then. But it was really -- that one was more pronounced associated with the new product offerings.
