Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today’s call is Gene Cassis, the Waters’ Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I’ll start with an overview of the quarter’s business, and Gene will follow with details of our financial results and then update you with our outlook for the third quarter and for the full year. And before we get going, I’d like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas Berthiaume: And I would say Brandon, in terms of underlying symptoms, we’re seeing very strong interest particularly out of academic medical centers for very large programs that anticipate investments in mass spectrometry. I would say in terms of leading indicators, that’s a strong and early dynamic or symptom that we’ve seen recently, so that’s encouraging.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, just to -- just to go back and look at the first quarter momentarily right in the $20 million miss, and we had described that as about half of that attributed to slower order growth in China. We had about $5 million associated with the backlog build at TA and another $5 million that we attributed largely to just business shifting in pharma from the first quarter into the second quarter, so it was about a $5 million issue that we were talking about in terms of order slippage and sales slippage. If I take a look at where we are through the first half of this year, the pharmaceutical -- global biopharmaceutical growth is up around 5%, so the strength that we saw in the second quarter of 8% growth in sales does contain some of that business that we might have -- you might think of as first-quarter business. So, going forward, Doug, I would say that a way to think about it is that for the first half, we grew at a nice, mid-single-digit range. We think that that is a logical outlook for the second half of the year.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well Ross, you asked a number of questions in there. First of all, the overall Asia business, ex-China, as a matter of fact, the overall developing world definitely saw an uptick in the quarter. Of particular note I would say is India where we’ve been struggling with the political dynamics, the strength of the rupee or the weakness I should. We clearly saw a turn in India, and we’ve continued to see that as we go into the second half. So, I think the symptoms in India are very positive. In China, we think that we’ve seen a clear turnaround in the underlying dynamics of the orders in the revenue cycle. It came in the latter part of the quarter and it particularly turned up in the last few weeks, and needless to say we’re continuing to monitor that, we monitor the China organization, look at the drop sheets. We think we have seen very clear symptoms that the overall tenor of that marketplace has improved. Now, how much we recapture from what maybe could have been a run rate basis in the first half, right now we are not counting on a doubling up of what happens in China. We’re anticipating that this turn that we saw late in the quarter is going to continue to build some momentum as we go through the rest of the year. We clearly see a number of signs that that’s likely to happen. We think the issues that existed is related to a crackdown on corruption kind of was a general dynamic that affected a lot of business in China wasn’t necessarily focused on the lab and analytical marketplace, and to that extent, maybe we have seen it leave that area of the marketplace sooner than some others, but clearly we are more optimistic as we go into the second half.
Douglas Berthiaume: And clinical too continues to be a pretty robust area particularly in areas of drugs of abuse testing and areas like that.Paul Knight – Janney Capital Markets:  Thank you.
Douglas Berthiaume: But if you look at the tone of your question Tycho, I do think you – we are more optimistic than pessimistic about these estimates, I would say.
Douglas Berthiaume: So I think the other thing in China, just another piece of positive data is that we’re talking to a few of the large clinical research centers that we know are favored in terms of the funding initiatives in China. We feel very close to some large commitments from those [tenors] (ph). The timing is a little bit unclear, but we weren’t looking at that as strongly a quarter ago versus today. So, you know, more than a few points on a line that point to positive activity in China.
Douglas Berthiaume: I’m not sure. From my perspective, it’s going about as I expected Jon. The process just -- you’ve got Directors involved, it’s not a one man initiative. So, you know, you’ve got to go through the process of identifying all the players and vet them and then reference check them. That is mainly the reason why I provided such a long window of transition, so I think we are right where I expected. We have had some good strong interviews with very viable candidates, but it is just the process grinds it down finer and finer, so I fully anticipate that within the window I’ve described, we will have a very good candidate. We’re continuing to vet both internal and external candidates, but it’s going to still take some time. I think I wouldn’t want or lead you to believe that we’ll have an announcement anytime in the next few months.
Douglas Berthiaume: Frankly, Jon there is no shift around our view. We continue to believe that it’s unlikely that we will do anything in substantive terms that increases the risk quotient in our business. We continue to believe that long-term we’ve got excellent opportunities to continue to grow the business at an organic rate that’s in the high-single digits. It’s going to continue to produce outstanding free cash flow, and certainly if there is anything near the current price of our stock, we think it’s a good deal. So, we’ll continue to focus on the buybacks. The technology deal that we’re going to talk about with the press release is fully anticipated in our forecast for earnings and sales. It’s not going to impact our sales in the short-term, but it is a very highly anticipated technology transaction largely focused in the mass spec and long-term in the clinical arena. So, we continue to think long-term. We are not looking at acquiring businesses, cost reducing, and leveraging the short-term. I think we’ll continue to do what we’ve done for years, and I think in the long run, you wake up, we’ll have fewer shares outstanding and we’ll be leveraging the bottom line in a way we have historically.
Douglas Berthiaume: It’s highly unlikely, I would say. We certainly wouldn’t be interested in doing it from a tax rate perspective, obviously inversions give you some additional ability to use your cash outside the U.S., but I would say that’s an unlikely scenario for us.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, I would say without mentioning specific names, we are looking at more large research programs in the academic medical center area than we probably ever have, and I would say they are closer to fruition than many of these discussions typically are. I would say they -- you’ve all been exposed to the dramatic increase in investment in genomics that’s going on. I think you’re beginning to see a similar type of focus on phenomics or whether it’s down to proteomics or metabolomics of looking what’s going on in specific phenome centers that are taking on kind of comparable levels of anticipated investment. Well, we have certainly done some of that with Imperial College in London and building on that relationship, we’re seeing a great deal of interest apparent in other centers around the globe, you know not limited to the United States. Limited -- also showing up in Asia and in – and interestingly in areas of the Middle East also. So, I’m very encouraged by it -- this investment that we are going to announce this afternoon further complements our activity in that area, so we’re building a portfolio that I think is going to be pretty impressive to answer the needs in these emerging research areas.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes. Gene can flesh it out, but I think if you look at our all-in first half growth rate, we’re looking at roughly the same anticipated growth rate in the second half. We certainly had a very low growth rate in the first quarter, and that kicked up to high-single -- mid-single digits, I would say, in the second quarter. We anticipate our growth rate to be higher in the third quarter than it will be in the fourth quarter largely for the dynamics you cited, Isaac, that the fourth quarter was a very strong quarter last year. It’s not impossible to have another very strong quarter, but the reality is when you’ve got a tough compare, it’s probably wiser to anticipate leavening of that. So, I don’t think the second half is anticipated in our guidance to be much different than what we have seen in the first half, and to be fair I mean, I would say we’re probably [err] (ph), the reality could be a little bit better than that. I think right now we’re running a little bit stronger than that, but we’re careful given the fact that China doesn’t have that many points on the line, and it’s still an important part of our worldwide revenue.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes. It is an area that we are optimistic about. We think that it’s reasonable to provide the products particularly to help in the overall characterization and quality control of that marketplace. Of course, it’s now limited to a small handful of geographies around the United States. In the quarter, it wasn’t a material number, certainly not a point, much less than a point of revenue for us, but we think it has the opportunity to grow into an eight figured revenue number. This year, it could press that, so that means the second half would be stronger than the first half. We certainly are responding to a level of requests, particularly in the extraction area of our business, where we have a pretty strong position with supercritical fluid. So, I would say, I think the second half is going to be stronger than the first half, and I think it’s going to be a multi-year opportunity for us, but it will probably be a few quarters before we’ll talk about it being, you know a $4 million or $5 million business.
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say the competitive dynamics in China across the product lines haven’t changed very much. We haven’t seen -- we’ve seen a few of our customers, our competitors show up in the news because of transgressions, but I can’t say that I’ve seen that have a dramatic effect on the competitive issues, so I’d say it is kind of no news both on the mass spec front and on the chromatography front in China. It’s almost totally a customer dynamic that we are willing to talk about China. And the rest of world, I would say chromatography is a remarkably consistent competitive arena, don’t see too many ripples on that wave front. On the mass spec front, you see some ebbs and flows from quarter-to-quarter. We probably ebbed a little in the early part of this year. We think we are beginning to flow more as ASMS comes behind us, and we see a number of these very large initiatives beginning to pay fruit, so that’s probably what I’m seeing on the competitive front.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes the – what we, the results that we have for the first half of the year are consistent with that vision.
Douglas Berthiaume: But simply put the acquisition revenue in the second quarter was something around $2 million, $2.5 million. So the effect of acquired revenue was less than a half, it is mostly half a point probably a little bit less. It’s now that that’s going to ramp up in the second half, we fully believe.
Douglas Berthiaume: I wouldn’t say it’s been significant, the big pharma piece of our business has been under pressure for a number of years. So we have both in our product development and in our operating both in service and in sales have been, turning that organization to focus more and more on biological applications. And so that’s been a kind of a natural dynamic that’s occurred in our business both in the United States and to some extent in Europe. So it hasn’t resulted in a huge twerking of the new organization just kind of, minor tweaks.
Douglas Berthiaume: I wouldn’t say that we have seen of course in big pharma recently, you have seen more attempts at M&A rather than the too much actual M&A. certainly in the Pfizer-AstraZeneca deal would have changed that. I would say that nothing unusual, I would say it’s more business as usual in big pharma.
Douglas Berthiaume: Pricing has been largely stable I would say Peter. We haven’t seen any significant change in margins in China been remarkably consistent in comparable to our margins elsewhere in the world. Competitively, I think I touched on it in the previous question, and some of our competitors have run into minor or not so minor legal issues. So that had to deal with some of those, we have of course not gone with, did not run into similar kinds of issues. But on balance I don’t think the competitive dynamics in the LC area have changed very much that we are all still there and it’s competitive. I think some of our competitors tend to use price more aggressively, but we haven’t seen that affect our business to any great extent. The mass spec arena all the major players are there, I would say we more than hold our own and continue to believe that the dynamics that we see are customer related not competitor related.
Douglas Berthiaume: Wasn’t just one late booked order, it was – this whole process where I would say for the first part of the quarter in China we continued to the effects of the focus on corruption and the fear in the part of customers is that how the government was treating people. So, everything that checked and double checked and the effect of that was to drag out the, process of doing a demonstration, getting the customer to do the paper work for an order and getting that order cleared. We didn’t see that the customer was all of a sudden looking at four competitors, because they didn’t like our product that kind of thing was all is internal dynamic and that’s what we saw begin to loosen up as we worked our way through the quarter. To be fair our organization anticipated, they are in the ground they are talking to customers, they are talking to the government officials, and they saw internally and forecast that the process would begin to loosen up and in fact it did and those orders begin to flow late in the quarter. But, you have to get find the financing cleared, you have to get the products move from our manufacturing side on to China and that just happened too late in the quarter to facilitate those orders.
Douglas Berthiaume: I would say that dynamic in China was really the overall dynamic, we did have a significant. We do built throughout our business in the quarter, but that one in China was the one that was related to this whole process of government intervention.
Douglas Berthiaume: Those, we may get some large orders Derik in the second half of the year. However, those are not baked into the expectations that are included in our guidance. I would say that, you’re absolutely correct that the, from a growth point of view it is a 10% growth quarter in debate. But there is another way to look at the base year and understand that on a percentage base the fourth quarter last year represented about 30% of the annual sales. In that regard it is not that atypical when you look at the natural quarterization of our business where typically the first quarter is 20% to 22%, the two middle quarters are around 25% and the fourth quarter is typically in the 28% to 30%. So it is a little bit on the high side, but when you look at the quarter, when you look at the base of comparison using percent of business across the quarters, it doesn’t look quite as steep as it might when you just look at growth rates, which in terms have a dependants on what the 2012 year look like.Derik De Bruin – Bank of America: Great.
Douglas Berthiaume: That’s largely because of that strong base that you will see as you derive with our anticipated growth rates, we’ve taken our anticipated growth rate in the fourth quarter down to the lower single-digit. So, we clearly expect the growth to be stronger in the third quarter tempered because, of the strong base in the fourth quarter. And we think that’s very reasonable.Derik De Bruin – Bank of America: Great, okay that’s actually what I was heading for. Great, thanks a lot, I appreciate it.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, thank you all for sticking with us through this extended timeframe. And we look forward to reporting our results next quarter. Thank you.
Gene Cassis: Thank you, Doug, and again good morning. In the second quarter, our sales came in at $482 million, an increase of 7% over last year with currency translation adding about 1 percentage point to sales. Our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share were up 13% to $1.22. On a GAAP basis, our earnings per share were $1.13 versus $1.03 last year. A reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP earnings is attached to our press release that was issued this morning. Looking at our growth geographically and before foreign currency effects, U.S. sales were up 11%, Europe was up 2%, Japan up 4%, and sales in Asia outside of Japan were also up 4%. Strong sales growth in India helped offset a decline in China. Rest of world sales notably including Latin America were up 10%. On the products front, and again in constant currency and within the Waters division, instrument sales increased by 5% and our recurring revenues grew by 7%. In all, the Waters division sales were up 6%. For our TA instruments division, constant currency sales including instruments and services increased by 9%. Now, I would like to comment on our second quarter’s non-GAAP financial performance versus the prior year. Gross margins came in at 58.1% versus 58.3% in the second quarter last year. SG&A expenses were up about 3% before foreign currency effects, which added another 2 percentage points. R&D expenses increased 6% before foreign currency translation, and notably the British pound contributed to add another 3 points to the reported growth number. On the tax front, our effective operating tax rate for the quarter came in at about a point lower than expected and at 14%. This favorability was primarily due to production mix dynamics. For the full year 2014, we now expect our operating tax rate to be between 14% and 15%. In the quarter, net interest expense was at $6 million and share account came in at 85.2 million shares or approximately 1.4 million shares lower than in the second quarter last year, a net result of our share repurchase program. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments totaled $1.9 billion, and debt totaled $1.4 billion bringing us to a net cash position of $524 million. As for second quarter share repurchases, we bought 908,000 shares of our common stock for $93 million. In May 2014, the Board of Directors authorized a new three-year share repurchase program for $750 million while extending the duration of a previously authorized program. So, in all, we have more than $900 million in authorized share repurchases remaining when both programs are considered. We define free cash flow as cash from operations, less capital expenditures, plus non-cash benefits from stock-based compensation accounting, and excluding unusual non-recurring items. In the second quarter, free cash flow came in at $110 million after funding $17 million of capital. Excluded from this amount was $5 million of investment associated with major facility expansion and a one-time $21 million pension contribution in Europe. Accounts receivable days outstanding stood at 78 days this quarter, up 2 days from the second quarter last year. In the quarter, inventories increased by $6 million in comparison to the first quarter to accommodate new ASMS product launches. Now I will discuss our 2014 full-year outlook. For the second half of 2014, we anticipate positive new product momentum, a continuation of growth in our pharmaceutical markets and in our recurring revenues, and we also anticipate a general improvement in our Chinese business. With these dynamics in play, we expect to finish the year with a mid-single-digit topline sales growth. On the currency translation front and at current exchange rates, we are estimating that our full year – that for the full year, currency will be approximately neutral to sales growth. Moving down the P&L, gross margins for the full year are expected to be between 58.5% and 59% as we anticipate stronger than previously envisioned headwinds from foreign currency. In particular, the British pound which has continued to strengthen year-to-date. Operating expenses at constant currency are expected to be up moderately from 2013 levels and below our sales growth. Moving down to the operated – moving below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $28 million, and we expect our full-year operating tax rate to be in the range of 14% to 15%. Turning to share count, our full year average diluted share count is expected to be reduced to around 48.5 million shares outstanding as a result of our continued…
Gene Cassis: Yes, it’s interesting that in the first half of last year, we had particularly strong academic uptick in our SYNAPT and QTof business in Europe, and of course that’s in the base this year. Now, we’re beginning to see sort of an echo effect in the U.S. as governmental spending in the U.S. is better funded this year. So, I would say that, key leading dynamics are improved spending by governmental accounts for high-end mass spectrometry products in the U.S., and another thing that we’re seeing again in the U.S. is a nice uptick in both quadrupole and orthogonal time of flight in the pharmaceutical area. So, I would say that as Doug mentioned, we ended up seeing some demand late in the quarter, particularly from China, that wasn’t reflected in sales but is in the order book, and we suffered from a little bit of a tough base of comparison in Europe just given the particular strength that we had during the first half of 2013.
Gene Cassis: Yes, if I look at the first half of the – of this year, we probably had a total effect year-over-year of about $0.10 that we can attribute to currency, and most of that came in the first quarter because we had a more meaningful yen comparison in the first quarter. So we probably had about $0.01 headwind from currency in the second quarter. Looking at the full year, you’re likely to see currency during the remaining -- during the remaining two quarters become a slight headwind, a few cents, fortunately largely offset from a more favorable tax rate this year. So, the negative effect of currency on our EPS is largely offset by the positive on the tax rate. I think for the full year, if I take a look at the effect of M&A, you’re likely to see the major contribution from our TA instruments division. You will recall they acquired four smaller companies last year, and we’re beginning to see the positive impact of those acquisitions in the second quarter, and my estimate is that we might benefit around 50 basis points this year on the topline, primarily from TA acquisitions.
Gene Cassis: It was a little bit higher. It was a little bit more than half of the TA growth in sales that we can attribute to these acquired companies, but again, if I look at the underlying order dynamics, it’s looking as if about half of the growth that we get from TA this year will be M&A or acquired businesses and the other half organic.
Gene Cassis: Well, it had a few components to it Doug. When you look at the business sequentially, you have to realize that we do have married increases that kick in at the first of April. So, you have that and of course that’s in the base quarter last quarter. And you’re right, there is a foreign currency impact that we have, particularly the pound and the euro, both of those hit us in the second quarter and contributed about 2 percentage points of growth on the SG&A line. On top of that and you also have the effect of the acquired businesses at TA, it is not a big effect, but you do have more operating run rate expenses associated with those companies that we acquired last year.
Gene Cassis: Yes, it was about 70 basis points from M&A in the quarter, but again it was – it’s kind of particular to the shipments that we made in the quarter. If I take a look at the underlying impact of the TA acquired businesses, you’re going to be closer to 50 basis points for the year.
Gene Cassis: I think that during the time period you’re focusing on, Ross, I think one of the things to bear in mind is that the overall pharmaceutical growth was somewhat less than historical averages typically for Waters Corporation. The pharmaceutical segment has grown at the same rate as the corporation as a whole, and over the past couple of years has been a little bit of a point off the line. We’re kind of encouraged with the trends that we see this year where pharmaceutical seems to be picking up. There is a certain ebb and flow in the business dynamics for that market, and I think that an important component of getting the leverage that we need at the operating profit line is going to be a more sustainable growth trajectory for the pharmaceutical segment.
Gene Cassis: Well, you know, if you look at the business in China and think about the non-governmental businesses, the occidental companies that have footprint there as well as the more chemical and food safety business, those businesses have done well all along. So, it’s been the governmentally-funded businesses in particularly around the greater Beijing area where we’ve seen most of the problem. And late in the second quarter, we began to see some orders break through on that front, and I don’t think -- we’re not deep enough into this release process to be able to call a new trajectory on demand, but it’s certainly more encouraging that we began to see some of these bigger ticket items start to flow through into sales.
Gene Cassis: Well, it’s -- you know, it’s more of the spec pharmaceutical, it’s more of bio. The particular strength that we had in higher-end mass spectrometry in the U.S. is more indicative of the -- more of the biotech business. The large pharmaceutical firms that currently make up something in the range of around 10% of our sales had a rather lackluster year-over-year performance. So, it is more specialty pharmaceutical biotech and generics that are showing strength.
Gene Cassis: No, I think when we gave guidance on the first quarter, the high-end of the guidance, anticipated that the issue in China would be resolved, and although we’re encouraged with some of the late quarter trends that we saw, we still had a sales decline in China. So as you begin to think about a recovery and as the year – what remains in the year gets shorter and shorter, I think it’s only wise to be a little bit more conservative. The other thing is that we’re seeing a little bit more pressure on the currency front, and depending on how product mix materializes for the full year, that could have a little bit of a drag. So, we thought that, that this range that we have right now, maybe has a little bit of conservatism in it. It doesn’t anticipate a full recovery in China, and it does anticipate that we could have a little bit of headwind on the currency front.
Gene Cassis: Yes. I think we really can’t talk about that until we have a little bit more clarity on that front, Tycho. I mean we are encouraged that very late in the quarter, and you’re right, post-ASMS we began to see some of these orders break through, but again I think it makes sense to be cautiously optimistic that this is the beginning of more improved business conditions. Fortunately, we are seeing the nice uptick in India offset. We saw it offset some of the China weakness in the second quarter, and frankly the business trajectory in India looks pretty strong, so there could be a little bit of an upside for us during the second half of the year.
Gene Cassis: I don’t think you should think about additional restructuring. There is nothing in the second half of this year that I see.
Gene Cassis: It’s interesting that the two benchtop instruments that we have I think fit into a sweet spot within the mass spectrometry market. They are directed nicely at regulated testing. Clearly, I think they will represent significant shipment volume. It is not likely that there will be heavy cannibalization of our high-end TQ-S system. So, as we looked across our product line and thought about the sequence of introductions that we’ve had over the past few years, we clearly recognize that some of these value priced, value performance segment of the market probably required a new product introduction, and we feel confident that from initial customer reception of these devices that we’re going to be in a nice position there. In addition, Doug had alluded to the ionKey technology as being an important innovation in mass spectrometry, and I think it’s the combination of ionKey technology and these new benchtop devices along with the TQ-S also makes a very interesting opportunity for us.
Gene Cassis: Well I think the biggest dynamic on that front, Amanda, in the long run, I could see the migration of UPLC into quality control methods, and that’s a multi-year process, because the usage of columns is so much higher when you’re running a regulated method like that. But we’re very excited about the trajectory for our new line of CORTECS columns. It seems to have a significant performance advantage, and it complements the other column chemistries that we offer on the UPLC and HPLC front.
Gene Cassis: Yes, Tim, I know that the number of $5 million was in an answer to a question and I know that 70 bps was an answer to a question. But I don’t think the two of them are together, because you’re right that’s inconsistent. And that the TA instruments business is roughly 12% of the corporation sales. So understanding that we’re anticipating a mid-to-high single-digit growth rate for that division this year and on top of that understanding that we’re anticipating that half of it is organic and half of it is acquired business. I think you can do the numbers and certainly it doesn’t equate to a $5 million per quarter.
Gene Cassis: I think we should think about it as maybe a little bit less robust than what we delivered for the first half, through the first half the constant currency growth rate was about 8%, I would say in the second half we are encouraged by what we see as improved business dynamics in the four profit sectors of that market. And understanding that in terms of government supported research we have a kind of the tough base of comparison given the performance that we had for that segment in the prior year. So, overall we’re probably expecting Japan to be maybe close to mid-single-digit, maybe a little bit less than mid-single-digit. But certainly positive growth with the growth being driven from the industrial chemical and pharmaceutical segments of that market.
