Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to this Waters Corporation Fourth Quarter 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. With me on today's call is John Ornell, Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters division; and Gene Cassis, the Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlights, and John will follow with details of our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the first quarter of 2013 and for the full year of 2013. But before we get going, I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think what we've talked continuously about in India is that these customers are facing weaker rupee issues, wherein they're challenged by both the capital requests, as well as financing issues, that most of their debt's denominated in stronger currencies, and that challenges their ability to aggressively spend new capital. They've also had regulatory issues that have made them cautious in certain areas. We can pretty much look at almost every item that comes into India in terms of the market share dynamics, and we're convinced that there's no significant market share erosion going on in our business in India. So I know this is getting to be a little bit of a broken record; we're pretty confident that it's going to change. We're not happy that it's taken longer than we expected, but we think we'll see a change in 2013 and we'll see positive results in India.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think we're very happy with the penetration of UPLC in almost all the early stage R&D segments of our market. I will say that it's taken longer to penetrate, although we are beginning to see penetration in downstream applications, particularly in pharma, particularly in mainstream QC. We certainly continue to hear our customers talk aggressively about taking UPLC into those applications. But frankly, up until this time, it's probably been a little more talk than action. We think that has a lot to do with the fact that capital is tough to come by and that it's just tougher to get capital in those large pharma applications. It is true that we're seeing a lot of success in penetration of UPLC in the generic drug manufacturers, and we think that that's a continuing dynamic that will continue to benefit us. In terms of attachment rates, we're happy with the continued strong attachment rates of consumables even at this phase, many years down the track, that we continue to see very high attachment rates of the UPLC consumables. It is true that since we sell braces of these columns with a new instrument placement, that because of the decline in instrument placements that we saw during this year, that that certainly affected to some extent the initial flow of our UPLC columns. But they still held up very nicely in each application.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We think that we have any number of irons in this fire that will enable us to not see extraordinary increases on our effective tax rate even 4 or 5 years down the road, but those are actions that will play out in the next couple of years.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes. We think pretty clearly that we're coming off a period of -- at least a year, maybe longer than that -- of some of the toughest macroeconomic conditions and some things that disproportionately hurt areas in our sweet spot. We just talked a lot about India, and India alone has cost us several points of growth in the last 1.5 years. So it's easy to kind of look at the well you're down at any particular point, and think the future's always going to kind of mimic that position. We think that for the most part, we're going to be coming out of these tougher market conditions and going into a more normal position, particularly more normal in some of our sweet customer spots.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think -- let me say, Doug, that we have some ability to moderate our spending plans in the face of somewhat weaker conditions. I wouldn't have you believe that we can cut expenses dramatically in the face of a very significant shortfall on revenues. That's why we have looked very hard at our plan for revenue growth, and believe that we can get there because, of course, our spending plans have triggered off that revenue estimate. But we have some flexibility. We have some minor headcount plans, and we have compensation plans that can be tweaked to make up for some reduction. It would take a longer term -- if we see that the longer-term is more unfavorable than we currently believe, that would take us really considering changing the structure of our business. It's doable, but it would take a belief that we don't have right now about the longer-term health of our end markets and we think -- well, it's conceivable that it starts a little bit slower, we don't think that that's what we have in mind for the full year 2013. So -- and is there -- was there another part to...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, we've never -- let me restate it. We think that we're investing at the proper pace, given the projects and the opportunities that we have and we don't -- we haven't cut out major projects in R&D in order to protect the bottom line. So within the normal give and take of projects and criticisms of plans and plans that are ahead of schedule and a few that are behind, we're reasonably happy with the mix of programs that we have. I wouldn't say really that if we had an extra $5 million to spend, there's something that crawls up onto the A list. I think we're pretty happy with what we've got going and yes, I suppose you could always use an extra $0.5 million or so. We're in pretty good shape.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I don't think we've seen anything really coming out of the act yet, Paul. The -- it's still in its infancy, really, and it might be that in the end, it directs more towards imports and it has an effect outside of the U.S. as much as inside. So I think the full effect of that's going to come in the future. I don't think we've seen much impact of it so far.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: And Ross, I think it's also true that as you go down our organization, right down to the field level, you'll see much more of that attitude reflected in their expectations, and what they're driving to, that there's really a point of view that says this year could be significantly better. But when you roll it up through the levels of review and you look at the issues from macroeconomic disappointment, I agree with John. It's more prudent to enter the year on a more cautious plan than have to really gear it down later on.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It's definitely true that one of the areas that we're most challenged on in 2012 was the industrial segment of the marketplace, particularly, industrial chemical firms, and that was true worldwide. Certainly, there's a case to be made for that segment of the marketplace to be stronger, and we also think we've got some dynamite systems coming onstream this year that addresses those customer needs. So if you compound that good feeling, you can get more enthusiastic than what we're willing to commit to now. But we're coming off a disappointing period, and it's still, I think, right to be more cautious at this point in the game.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure. I mean, as most everybody knows, UNIFI is really the culmination of a multi-year effort on our part that really brings all of the disparate software systems that we had in place under one operating system that we, of course, called UNIFI. This was a huge program, and we chose to introduce elements of it earlier. The first elements went in earlier last year with specific systems, particularly bioanalytical software. As we go through this year and into next year, we're really bringing the full chromatography and mass spectrometry elements of this system to the marketplace. So because only very small portions of it were introduced last year, you didn't see the full elements of the financial amortization. This year, as it comes into play, you're going to see that come through the P&L. I will say this is another area where I think we're being conservative in terms of the effect on our overall business because this is a major change in the facility of this software into our customers' applications, and we think, over time, this is going to have a dramatic impact and improvement. We're being cautious, once again, I think, about the early uptake and how it affects our business. But that's why you're seeing this come in a more significant amortization mode as we enter 2013.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we're seeing earlier orders activity come to fruition, Peter. We continue to see -- to talk to these customers and to hear their plans, and they continue to be aggressive plans. So we see nothing that says -- if anything, here is one specific area where we think there's pent-up replacement [indiscernible] restrained activity in the past that should manifest itself in higher activities going forward. So in both the generic and in the food area, we're seeing much interest, much quote activity, and we've always believed that this market really is committed to the long-term servicing of the generic drug business, and see nothing that's going to move them on. As they come through this period, they'll resolve the currency issues. They're resolving the regulatory issues, and I think they're ready to move ahead.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'm always unwilling to speak definitively about short-term market share dynamics, but India's one market where all of the equipment really comes in from outside the country, and that data is all public. So we monitor that kind of data, and see no fundamental changes in market share going on in our chromatography world.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, sure. China, interestingly enough, is a pretty balanced market for us. Whereas India is heavily weighted towards generics, China is more balanced between pharma, bio pharm, food and industrial. And our results in China have been strong in all of those, in both the overall pharmaceutical market and the applied segments. So we continue to see just very good growth across those segments.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, chemistry is a very profitable segment of our business so it's always something that's worth noting. I do think that there's no significant platform introduction of a new chemistry this year. There are subsegments of our chemistry line, certainly, in our new UPC2 technology, and we have some new offerings in the life science arena, particularly dealing with peptides. There are probably things you'd consider niche offerings. Our whole chemistry line to some extent is made up of a bunch of profitable niches, so it's wrapped up in the numbers that John talked about. I don't think that I'd point you towards anything that's likely to move that needle tremendously in the chemistry area. It's the kind of thing where you wake up 2 or 3 years down the road and you've got a new $10 million or $15 million platform, but it takes a while to build.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Tycho, in the triple quad area, that's not typically the academic market. I mean, we're talking about the pharmaceutical and the applied markets that's the biggest segment for the tandem quadrupoles. The government and the university market tends to be more of the high-end top business that we're doing there, so...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think 2012 in that high-end mass spec area was a tough time for us. We see that moderating a little bit in the fourth quarter and we think that that's a better place in 2013. Again, share gains are something that it's awfully fluid, but I think we're more confident about our business position and positive results in 2013 than we saw in 2012.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, we're very optimistic about it. We had a good end of the year in our clinical business, and that might be one area where we see some unlooked for upside in 2013. We've got a lot of interest going using these new technologies in a clinical testing area, and we think that has a robust future. All right, operator, I think at this point, it's appropriate to bring it to a close.
John A. Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will be making various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the company this time for Q1 and full year 2013. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, in Part 1 under the caption Business Risk Factors, and the cautionary language included in this morning's press release and 8-K. We further caution you that the company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for April 2013. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is attached to the company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which exclude the impact of items such as those outlined in our schedule entitled, Reconciliation of Net Income per Diluted Share included in this morning's press release.
John A. Ornell: Yes, I think as we think about the full year and look at the geographies around the world, the expectation is that developing economies, largely Asia outside of Japan, portions of Eastern Europe, South America, Central America areas that we typically bring in to about the 30% that we talked about as being our emerging market exposure, we're looking for that to continue at kind of a high single-digit rate. We've seen that be better generally than that in actual results, but we tend to target something that's in the high single digits for those regions of the world. And then in areas such as U.S. and Europe, given the base of comparison that we have, we're looking for low single-digit growth this year in those parts of the world, maybe starting off closer to 2% and then closer to 3.5% perhaps. And then Japan, we're looking for a bit more of a difficult slog there, maybe 1% or 2% growth in that region. So that's kind of the outlook by geography.
John A. Ornell: We're looking at pharma to grow kind of in the mid single-digit range. It could be, maybe 6% -- so closer to 6% than 5%. Government and academic, kind of flat, maybe a modest amount of growth as we exit the year but starting off slow. And then the applied markets, including food, environmental, industrial, somewhere in kind of the 3% to 4% range.
John A. Ornell: Yes, we're going to begin to look at options on that front that runs out 3 years or so down the road. So we'll start this year to think about what incremental product transfers maybe could be done to extend our benefit in Singapore. This -- we can think about what we might do in Ireland as well, incrementally from where we are today. The new product lines that we're developing on convergence chromatography might find a home over in those regions of the world. That might be a bargaining chip that we could use to move another piece of technology and gain something incremental on that front. So you'll hear more about that as we begin to work through that this year in anticipation of that benefit running out at the end of '15.
John A. Ornell: Well, I think we look at this year certainly as a transition year from a very low-growth environment that is really a point off the line, certainly, from a history perspective, looking at where we've been and where we think we're going. We look at the opportunity that we have with some of the new products that we currently have in our portfolio, others that are coming into play that we think longer-term will add to the growth rate. And we don't believe that the economic environment that we live in today is the one that we're going to live in for the future, 2 , 3, 4 years out. So we do think that we're going to come back to some level of moderating demand in various markets that affords us the opportunity to grow somewhere closer to that 7%, 8% top line as we exit this year and move into next year. So we believe that there's incremental application opportunities for these products, maybe in clinical. We look at the biologically synthesized drugs in the drug pipeline, and think that there's opportunities to, perhaps, overtime introduce mass spectrometry into the QA/QC applications, new food safety opportunities in the States. So there's a myriad of both potential market opportunities that we think longer term allows us to get back to those 7%, 8% top line-type growth numbers that typically have leverage to about 15% growth in earnings.
John A. Ornell: Yes, that's a good question. And there is one other item that we've highlighted, and that is, is that this year, we're beginning to ship the -- some of the fuller capabilities of our UNIFI software platform, and that is triggering the beginnings of meaningful amortization of capitalized software. So this year, we have about a $10 million to $11 million increment in costs associated with that amortization that's impacting the gross margins as well. Because, otherwise, we would have seen a little bit less of an impact overall in the margin. So between that $11 million and a very unfavorable yen, they combined to provide what's there on -- what I've described.
John A. Ornell: Yes, I'd say you've seen relatively consistent growth in service and chemistry revenues across this year, being a very difficult year. So we see that pace continuing. So something in the kind of the 7%-ish range, all in, for those couple of businesses seems reasonable. And then the instrument piece maybe starts off just slightly slower at the start of the year, but for the full year is somewhere around kind of 3%, I would say.
John A. Ornell: That is a good question, Ross, and I'll say there is potentially some level of optimism that could suggest that that turns out to be the case. I think, though, that as we start the year and think about a -- hopefully something, leaning towards conservative view of the world, coming up with a growth rate that really just brings us back to flat is probably a realistic point of view that maybe has a little more upside than down as the year goes on. But I think just from creating guidance and trying to provide a little more pleasure than pain when doing that, we just felt uncomfortable, suggesting that we were just going to bounce back all in the course of 1 year to do exactly what you're describing. I agree, if you look back historically at times when it's been tougher, almost always, the next year bounce back -- bounces back pretty meaningfully. But we're going to leave that potential as upside, and hopefully paint a view here that feels very realistic to begin the year.
John A. Ornell: I mean, we're basically saying that Q1 looks kind of like the last 4 quarters that we've seen, really not a lot of improvement coming right out of the gate. But I think it's fair to say that we think on the CapEx side, when you look at instruments, people will begin to feel better about spending capital as demand maybe improves a bit within their business, and maybe we see GDP in various regions of the world pick up a point or 1.5 points as the year goes on and we begin to see people feel better about spending CapEx. As we look at the operating side of what people do, we've seen relatively decent growth in our recurring revenues. We think that continues. It's the willingness of people to -- our customers to spend capital and we think that that gets incrementally better as we make our way through the quarters, but we're not factoring in getting back to normal, I guess, on that front.
John A. Ornell: Yes, it was down meaningfully in Q1 last year. I don't have that specific number right in front of me, Ross, but the comp is definitely easier in Q1 than it was in Q4, and we're somewhat optimistic that we're starting off a bit better as we look at India coming out of the gate.
John A. Ornell: Yes. Large pharma -- as we saw in Q3, the large pharma actually did better in Europe than they did in the states. We continue to see a little bit of bias at some of these accounts to spend money in Europe. So it was a little bit of a continuation of that trend. But I'd say between the two, we're not dramatically off from original expectation, and I wouldn't draw the long-term conclusion from what we've seen there. But overall, large pharma did about what we thought, but was, again, bias to Europe. I'd say government and academic really probably continues to do just a little better than we think, than we originally had thought. We really don't see these markets reacting dramatically to the fear of major budget cuts. I mean, when and if they come, and I'm sure we'll see them and life will be different. Fortunately, as you know, our exposure there isn't as great as it is in the space. But we really haven't seen any major reaction in government academic accounts at this stage that would suggest that they're acting ahead of time to cuts that may be coming their way.
John A. Ornell: Yes, we have a lot of projects spent, and the project activities can move the needle in R&D a few points one way or the other. We've got the new UltraPerformance systems that are taking a little bit more effort in R&D. But I would say that, generally, it's project spent that can be lumpy quarter-by-quarter. Convergence chromatography is the product that we've traditionally spent some R&D dollars on. And we have a host of new products that we'll talk about as the year goes on that we're readying right now for Pittcon and in ASMS that are in a stage now that requires a bit more project spend as well. So it tends to be a little bit lumpy. I wouldn't draw that -- take that 5% and suggest that that's what it has to be into the next 4 quarters, but I'm comfortable thinking the expenses there is in that 3% to 4% growth range that I described earlier.
John A. Ornell: A little bit. The other thing to think about there is the British pound. There is some amount of translation that occurs there so you got to keep an eye on that. I don't know that it was a major impact in Q4, but we do have probably 1/4 to 1/3 of our spend that is in Manchester U.K. that does impact that line too.
John A. Ornell: Yes, from the review that we had on Japan, I would say that the likely scenario is that we see a little bit better government budget in Qs 2 through 4 as they enter the next plan year, but nothing that moves us more than 1% in growth. So I mean we're looking at a business that might go from kind of flattish to up 1% or 2%. A lot of that's really just based on comparison.
John A. Ornell: No, unfortunately, this was a Europe restructuring. And while it creates some efficiency there and allows us to prevent tax payments from going up over the next 10 years, it doesn't have any bearing on the repatriation.
John A. Ornell: Well, I would say -- we were talking earlier about the tandem quadrupole. That is an instrument that does fit nicely into this space. So I think we do currently have a very high performance offering out there. We've got a decent footprint that exists in that space. We have a crew here that are looking at potential incremental opportunities on that front. So I would say it is a sector we pay attention to. I think over the long run, there will be some interesting niche opportunities for mass spectrometry to do things that, today -- what chemistry tests are either inefficient or you have to wait too long for the answer. And we'll find some interesting applications over a longer period of time, and we continue to invest in that and think that we have a great offering and continue to -- we'll continue to deploy it this year and beyond.
