Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Thanks, Jon, a lot. I look forward to meeting you and everyone else. As I mentioned, I'm focused on a very rigorous onboarding process and obviously I had the chance to study Waters quite a bit in the time leading up to my starting. And as I mentioned, my first priority is to assure continuing strong operating performance. Obviously, I'm also spending a lot of time understanding the industry and the competition, and really truly what differentiates Waters so that as we build a strategic plan, it will be truly distinctive and something that will enable future sustainable growth. I anticipate a strategic planning process over the course of the next coming year, and as we engage, I expect that conversation to develop in terms of what we're able to say at what point in time. There are a lot of great possibilities for this company. The opportunities to grow are many. I'm focused on leading the team to help make the best possible choices we can over that time period to assure the best returns for our shareholders.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Thanks. In terms of the pharma business – and again, I'm new and getting to know these customers and hearing from them, and so I'll develop my instincts over time – but I just start by saying, I'm proud that we have a big core position in pharma. As you know, it's our core business. It's been our innovation driver for many years. Some of the most sophisticated users are in the pharma segment and that leads to solutions in a variety of others. But one of my early observations, Jon, is that we're also seeing this sector change over time. Of course, the large established pharmaceutical companies have been doing better, have improved pipelines. But we are far less reliant on that category of large established pharmaceutical companies than we were in the past. In fact, a lot of our growth now is coming from, as I mentioned in the comments, a specialty form of biotech generics and CROs. We also have a nice trend, I think in our pharma business of geographic diversity, where we're seeing greater contributions from different parts of the word. Really, underlying all of this are (21:38) a push for new analytical methods, as you know (21:41 – 21:46) opportunity to participate in every phase, from discovery to (21:48 – 21:57) model to continue to pursue as our main focus.
Christopher James O'Connell: It's a good question. And I tell you, as I've gotten in and studied the business model, I'm very impressed by this recurring revenue stream. And obviously that consists of our service and our chemistry. And I've already been diving deep and looking for ways to create as robust of a recurring revenue stream as we can. One of the things that's driving our growth, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, is that with our ACQUITY platform we see much higher attachment rates with our own chemistries than with the overall install base. And so as ACQUITY continues to gain traction and we have more platforms of ACQUITY on the marketplace, I'd also point to ACQUITY Arc as another big launch for the year that's having a big impact. You know we expect to see steady and predictable contribution from the chemistries business. And obviously, chemistries continues as a category to be a big focus of our innovation as well in what we're trying to do there. On the service side, you know we obviously continue to prioritize that area. The team has made some great strides in terms of putting even more focus on the services business with enhanced management focus. And also if you look at developing markets or emerging markets like Asia and particularly China and India, our service business tends to be a lot more embryonic. And so another factor underlying our confidence in our service line is the increasing participation of the service business model in some of those geographies.
Christopher James O'Connell: Thanks, Brandon. I think it is too early for a conversation like that. You know, my first priority has been to understand the capital allocation strategy. Obviously, I really like the focus of the company around deploying capital internally against R&D and organic growth opportunities. And that's absolutely our first priority is to do everything we can to develop strategies and enhance our strategies to maximize the impact of our core business and the performance of our core business. And as you know, one of the other capital allocation strategies has been the well-established share-repurchase program, which is steady as she goes and a continued focus of the company. Obviously as I get into this, questions of capital allocation will be addressed and everything will start with first a question around our strategy and our long-term direction, and then all of the other factors of running our business to follow.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Doug, just maybe a couple more comments, and without repeating some of the themes earlier, but I think you picked up well on our intent and really the reality of our pharma end market transforming over time to a much broader base in terms of some of those smaller players geographically. And of course you're right. It will be a tougher comparison next year. But we're not letting tougher comparisons get in our way of continuing to plan for success in these markets. And we're going through that planning process now. We obviously have a nice combination of new products in the market. But also, as mentioned earlier, that strong recurring revenue stream is a key stabilizing force and a follow-on to a lot of the products that have been successfully introduced and, of course, to continue to emphasize the new product potential. Our team is working hard to be very responsive to the changing needs of this marketplace and the broadening of that marketplace, as we mentioned earlier. And you know, what I'm trying to learn is just all the different dimensions of this pharmaceutical and broader life science end markets, consisting of large players, the smaller specialty biotech and generics companies, as well as the lab opportunities. So it's a good question. I look forward to a continuing dialogue on this with you.
Christopher James O'Connell: Thank you, Matt. Appreciate the question. And we've touched on a couple elements of this, so maybe I'll try to wrap it into a more complete answer on the product side. Like I mentioned, we're getting nice performance out of our core base. I think one of the neat things from my perspective is it's not just one product here, one product there. If you look at our core chromatography business, we're really getting a nice portfolio effect right now of ACQUITY, Alliance and then some of the new products. The QDa was mentioned, the ACQUITY Arc, which is kind of a mid-range system. We're getting nice performance out of our super critical fluid separations and extraction business, and a number of these, including some of the newer launches like Arc and QDa and then Vion, when it really hits the marketplace, will be product launches that will have a bigger impact than just in one quarter or one year. And without getting too specific, the team is very focused and I am really trying to reinforce the continuation of the steady drumbeat of new technologies and separations in mass spectrometry, in chemistries that continue to enhance the performance of the systems but also to enable the development of new work flows and applications for more specific needs in the marketplace. So that's probably how I'd sum up the product strategy at this point after two months. And look forward to learning more and continuing to demonstrate the great innovation machine that I think we have here.
Christopher James O'Connell: Yeah, I think that type of question is certainly premature in my process to understand our overall P&L and our investment strategy for the future. Again, I'm trying to focus on the fundamentals of understanding what makes this business go, and make sure I'm doing everything I can to ensure continued strong performance. You know, a strategic look at the business will increasingly become a focus. Our goal is to develop a very sustainable, robust business that's delivering for the long term. I know that's not saying too much but I look forward to engaging in all those topics in the future.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Yeah. We did say that. The European – on a constant currency basis, the European business was up 9% with strength in that particular area. And obviously, we're seeing a lot of demand for many of our research products in that area. And maybe Gene can say a little bit more about what's happening in that sector in more depth.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. That's a great question and one that we'll increasingly answer over time. But you're right. One of the great strengths of Waters is the very strong financial discipline. I think what you'll find is that I'll continue that tradition. That's one of the commonalities that Doug and I share and the management team and I share, and I think in many ways the company has done a really good job weathering FX and other issues plus investment needs to deliver sustainable growth and strong margin performance. And obviously, I want to continue that. With that, I will always be looking for new opportunities to free up investment for revenue growth drivers, particularly R&D as well as sales force. Those will be two of the bigger priorities. And I do see little pockets of opportunity over time. It's probably premature for me to comment on exactly what those are, but there are definitely some efficiencies that we can drive in all parts of the P&L as we grow and scale this business.
Christopher James O'Connell: Sure. Thanks for the question, Tycho. I appreciate it. I think your characterization was reasonably accurate in terms of the differences in the end markets within medical devices versus this space, and obviously I'm continuing to try to understand what those are. And you're right; we are blessed at Waters with great end markets and strong positions that are in general more stable and more recurring than some of the markets I've participated in. Although, certainly I had some businesses before that had mixes of capital and service and consumables as well. I think, overall, what you'll see from me in terms of reflecting from my background as I come into Waters is a very strong focus on innovation. I grew up in a company that was all about some of the same principles in terms of being extremely responsive to unmet needs in the marketplace for innovation, where innovation can make a difference in terms of improving our customer's performance. And so I'm very interested in innovation and how to bring some of those lessons forward into this space. The priority for that, as I mentioned before, is in our core business to ensure we're doing everything possible to drive the core business but there are some very intriguing opportunities down the road. You mentioned health sciences. Obviously I have a personal understanding of more regulated markets, and I'm certainly not afraid of these markets; in fact, I'm quite excited about them. But we're going to approach some of these market opportunities in a very measured, very thorough manner. We've got a lot of work to do to characterize these opportunities, to build plans. And as we do that, we will look for opportunities that enhance and grow our top line and our margin structure over time. So this whole area of health sciences is very interesting, and as you know we're already serving some of these segments in terms of neonatal screening, (50:09) drug monitoring. And so the question over time from a strategy standpoint is just one of degree and emphasis, and we'll have an opportunity to talk more about it. At this point any thoughts on breaking out these revenues or establishing new structures around that is premature.
Christopher James O'Connell: Good. Thanks, Art. Appreciate that. And I think as you can see, Bryan, the service business is a really interesting part of Waters and a big area of investment and something that we're all working closely on to make sure we continue to get the performance out of it for the future that we've gotten out in the past as well.
Christopher James O'Connell: I think we're a little bit over time. And so maybe I'll bring the Q&A session to a close. But thanks for your great questions. I really enjoyed our first call here together today, especially the substantive dialogue we just had in the Q&A. I do look forward to getting to know all of you well. And as that goes, I am committed to interacting in a manner that keeps our communication open, honest and insightful. At this point, Gene and John and I are mapping out opportunities for me to meet with a number of you later in the fall, as well as to engage with the investment community more broadly throughout 2016. So on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our Q4 call, which we are currently anticipating holding on January 26, 2016. Thank you all and have a great day.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yes, Brandon. You know the – I'll start with the effect of fewer days. Typically, it's much more meaningful for our recurring revenue business. And what we saw in the first quarter of this year, we had benefited from extra selling days. And we had between a 2% and 3% benefit to our top line during that quarter. And we think that the effect of fewer selling days in the fourth quarter will be comparable, so a couple of percent. If I think about the potential impact of budget flushes in the fourth quarter, I think we've been conservative on that front. We've been looking more at the momentum of our business coming into the fourth quarter. The whole issue of budget flush has been a bigger focus when you consider our large cap pharmaceutical segment of our business. And as Chris had mentioned earlier in this call, that's becoming a less meaningful percentage of our business. So I think when you consider the guidance for the fourth quarter, I would not bake into that the assumption that we are assuming that we are going to have a meaningful flush.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Thank you, Chris. I think that sums up the situation where we are today. I just wanted to add that if you begin to look at our expectations for the full year, I think what you'll find is that the typical SG&A leverage that we generate from this business that is characterized by growing our top line one or two points faster on an organic or constant-currency basis than our SG&A, I think that will materialize as we look at full year 2015.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. Thank you, Derik. When you look at the effects of foreign currency translation, historically we've focused on the euro, the yen, and sometimes the British pound as the major currencies that influence our business. I think one of the things that was surprising in the quarter that we're reporting on now is that we had some pretty significant moves of currencies that are secondary currencies for the company, including the real of Brazil, and the Australian dollar, Canadian dollar all moved against us. And we had a much more meaningful impact reflected in the gross margin line because we really have no cost of goods sold and we have very efficient distribution operations in those countries. So we had approximately 190 basis points of FX headwind. Now, fortunately, that was offset by gross margin tailwinds associated with higher shipment volumes and favorable product mix. So it was actually pretty meaningful. It's interesting that gross margins did not come out too far from where we anticipated, but the way we arrived there was a combination of much more significant FX headwinds offset largely by favorabilities on mix and volume.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. Chris, I think that summarizes it well, but I would just say that in the second quarter – I'm sorry, in the third quarter, we had a tough base of comparison in the pharmaceutical segment of our Japanese market in that in the prior-year we had some very successful large orders for informatics systems that did not, obviously, repeat in the third quarter. So I think that the underlying demand in Japan is actually healthier than the 2% constant-currency growth rate suggests, and we're very encouraged by the strength of government and academic spending as well as our industrial and applied market spending in Japan, and that is encouraging for the fourth quarter.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. I would say, Isaac, that the business that we have in academia is weighted towards our higher-end mass spectrometry product offerings, and it tends to be a little bit more lumpy. So one of the things about the third quarter performance is that we were comparing against a favorable base of comparison in the prior year, and that's somewhat the nature of our performance in that sector.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. The only thing that I would add after that good summary, Chris, is that if we look at that segment of our business, one of the components there is food analysis. And what we have seen in the quarter that we just – that we're reporting on here is that we had a particularly strong performance for food safety testing. And I'm not sure it is that we're yet seeing the full impact as the U.S. begins to move more deliberately down the pathway of mandating more testing, but it's certainly encouraging at this time.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. The only thing that I would add, Chris, is that in some of the larger emerging markets we do transact our instrumentation business in U.S. dollars. So it somewhat limits our exposure to some of these dramatic shifts. But in terms of spare parts and some of our services, those are denominated in local currencies, so that has been a component of the FX headwind that we encountered this quarter.
Eugene Gene Cassis: In terms of emerging market basis of comparison as we look at the fourth quarter, I'm very impressed with our performance in India in the third quarter because we grew double digits off of a double-digit quarter in the prior year. If I begin to look at the dynamics in China, we had a very successful third quarter result, but we are facing a more challenging base of comparison in the fourth quarter. I remember last year we began to see the business ramp in the third quarter, but our sales growth really came in at a double-digit rate in the fourth quarter. So our assumptions embedded in our guidance is to see a little bit of slowing in our China growth associated with a more difficult base of comparison, but we are very encouraged by the trajectories that we have in India and think that that has some sustainability going into the fourth quarter.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, just on the service side, in the last quarter we did see a very nice service growth in some of our larger Asian markets, and as the installed base continues to ramp up nicely in those countries, and as there is a higher degree of focus on making sure that these instruments are properly validated, especially for pharmaceutical applications, I think that that provides us with a base of stability for our service business going forward.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Oh. On the guidance. Yes. Thank you. Looking at the effects of foreign exchange on our business, if I look at where we are year-to-date, foreign exchange has been pretty meaningful on the EPS line; we think it represents about $0.41 of EPS headwind associated with foreign currency exchange. The last quarter was a little bit more dramatic than we had originally anticipated. So for the full year and looking at the fourth quarter we think that the effects of foreign currency are going to be not quite as dramatic as they were in the third quarter because we began to see currencies move in a positive direction last year. We think for the full year the effect of foreign currency exchange is going to be similar in the range of $0.50 to $0.55 of headwind for the corporation.
