Douglas Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning, and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter 2014 financial results conference call. With me on today’s call is Gene Cassis, the Waters’ Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Waters Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. And as is our normal practice, I’ll start with an overview of the quarter’s business, and then Gene will follow with details of our financial results and then update you with our outlook for the fourth quarter. But before we get going, I’d like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas Berthiaume: Yes, Ross it has gotten a little bit better. I think it’s fair to say. I'd say clearly this quarter India's return in the generic drug marketplace has certainly been strong. So that's a segment that we certainly saw here. Our biggest pharmaceutical accounts are up mid single-digit to little bit better. So that’s an encouraging outcome for big pharma who are of course relying on specialty pharma more. Biotech and specialty would probably in the mid line area of our market, the strongest performers over and above the large integrated traditional pharma accounts. So generics and then specialty and bio and then big pharma as we’d characterize it probably in that order.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, in our business the piece that’s most challenged is the one that's directly government funded and supported. The piece of the China business that's expat, the large integrated companies is doing just fine. So it's clearly a government dynamic that's affecting China. And it’s pretty broad; it's not like a segment that is happening in research pharmaceuticals versus food safety or versus environmental. I'd say they're all being affected and I don't think one is being disproportionately singled out where it's a cut back in healthcare spending or I think it’s just this general concern that is capsulized in this crack down on corruption that I think its generally resulted in almost everybody in the approval chain taking longer to make sure all i’s are dotted, t’s are crossed and even when they’re they go back for a second and third check. So I think the encouraging thing is that our orders rate grew in the quarter. We are certainly still seeing the underlying demand there and it’s hard to believe that this whole condition can stay in the current condition too much longer. And as we said, we’re not anticipating a rapid turnaround in the fourth quarter, but I wouldn't be surprised to see some let up come soon.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I’d say generally in terms of trade classes its pharma that has continued to be a little bit stronger. We were probably always more optimistic than the analyst community, but it's probably even a few points stronger than that. I also think this broadly define healthcare initiative that we’ve talked about paying real premiums in a -- as the world continues to invest in genomics technology clearly, but also recognizing that proteomics, metabolomics, phenomics is going to be an important part of delivering meaningful diagnostics in therapeutics. They’re really ramping up the investment in mass spectrometry, particularly in the large-scale academic medical centers where we’ve had, boy, a huge amount of interest, significant order rate, and a drop sheet or interest level that’s very significant. So I think that piece of the healthcare marketplace is very strong and you see that reflected in our results and in our expectations going forward.
Douglas Berthiaume: It's definitely significantly affected by China, and that we see in our orders in the quarter. But we’ve seen that food safety can be lumpy. If you look at it for the year, we clearly have a good year in the broadly described food market, but quarterly, you can find that Thailand booked $2 million order last year and won’t book again for another year or something like that. So we find these lumps of business, some of which we anticipate and some of which kind of slip from one quarter to another Dan. So, but calling it cyclical is probably a broad term that -- probably fair to call it more lumpy quarter-to-quarter.
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure, Doug. I think in terms of the strategic approach to this market, you're seeing two things. One of which is something that we’ve traditionally done and you’ve seen us do for 25 years is we reallocate the resources at both the R&D level and at the marketing level to focus, we can move it as we think we’ve matured in one area and we can move resources into this clinical initiative. You can see from our growth in R&D, we have begun to increase R&D somewhat, but that's always been a hallmark of ours that we can redirect and then squeeze more out of our R&D spending than you might otherwise suspect. The other thing, you’ve heard of me talk about the acquisition of MediMass and the REIMS technology and the iKnife. So we’ve not dipped our toes dramatically into the acquisition for product or for acquisition sake. That’s something that others are pretty good at and we kind of focus our acquisition on technology or specific missing elements of our product portfolio. So we’ve done it with REIMS and MediMass, we did it with the TransOmics acquisition about 14 months ago. And we do it with partnerships, particularly with thought leaders in academia or in academic medical centers. That's been a particularly rich source with cancer centers here in the United States, with thought leaders in China, some of the biggest thought leaders in the world there, and in Europe. So, we’ve had very close relationships in those institutions and we can therefore leverage their brains and their willingness to work as partners in development of many of these technologies. So, yes, we might find ourselves on the margin having to allocate more resources, but we think we can do it within our P&L models without dramatically affecting our results.
Douglas Berthiaume: Okay. I think it’s a very fair question and I’m sure, you are probably the only one interested in this question Doug, but I’ll focus on it. The process is one where the Board of Directors is assigned a subcommittee of the Board who is principally responsible for the process. I participated with that committee as well as three other members of the Board including our lead Director. We have hired executive recruiters, and we have been proceeding through that kind of normal phase of going through phase one with candidates, getting names, betting their résumés, having initial interviews, then having second interviews. I would say that the process is not particularly troublesome from our perspective. Yes, we’ve had some candidates that we thought were going to be very good and might have proceeded very quickly, and then either they dropped out of the process for their own internal reasons or towards the end of a process we got cold feet and have moved on. I’d say, the process is kind of either on or off, and until we’re ready to announce a transition either internal and as the process goes along the opportunity for an internal candidate to step up becomes somewhat higher in probability or an external candidate. And you know every day as these mergers happen in our space and people don’t want to work for a bigger company, the population of potential becomes richer. And so we’re examining new candidates on that front kind of people who have more proven résumés and so I think the committee is very comfortable with the state of the process, with the richness of the shortlist that we’re working. We’re interviewing candidates on a weakly basis. But to some extent, I have always been comfortable with this window. I have always thought that it was going to take longer probably rather than shorter. As you can see it doesn’t seem to be hurting our results and we’re -- the organization listens to that story, is comfortable with it. And I think the evidence is that it continues to deliver excellent results across the Board. So, yes, maybe as the process winds along, you worry about continued performance, but I don’t think there’s any sign that, that performance is eroding. It’s quite the opposite. The performance is improving. And there’s no indication that we will be bereft senior leadership as this process goes along. We’ll continue to run it the way we’ve run it for 20 plus years and sooner or later we’ll have a good quality successor in place and we’re not uncomfortable with the particular level of uncertainty that exists today.
Douglas Berthiaume: Isaac, I think, maybe unlike some others in the industry we always believe that this is a very dynamic technology. Others thought 15, 20 years ago that you had to focus on cost reduction and the cost of ownership that the technology couldn’t deliver more bank for the buck in terms of speed, sensitivity or resolution. I think the most clear example that that was wrongheaded was ACQUITY and UPLC that brought substantial new benefits to the user of chromatography. You look at our introduction of ionKey technology, the separation device particularly for use in the mass spec arena and early on the drug company users are astonished by the kind of user friendliness and benefits in terms of chromatographic results that result from that. I think you’ll continue to see benefits in that kind of technology, as well as just improved speed, improved separation products. One of the benefits that Waters brings here is our substantial capabilities in separations technology in the column technology. And that’s resulted in these things like ionKey and being able to configure chemistry in more novel delivery packages that prove useful for the consumer. You look at UPC2 technology, the use of supercritical fluids for bringing an additional tool to the benchtop and to be fair, we thought the UPLC2 was going to earlier on play a more dominant role, but I’ll tell you this past quarters UPC2 grow at a substantial rate, and we think that the future for UPC2 in any number of applications is going to significantly improve the toolkit for analytical chemists and will contribute to our growth rate substantially. And I haven’t even talked about data and the ability of novel new software and application protocols to bring the kind of benefit particularly in this healthcare initiative as we look at diagnostics and the research market place. So, no one has invested the kind of resources that we have in providing novel both chromatography and mass spec analysis capabilities into the healthcare marketplace and you’ll see that continue to push the market place forward. I’m sure if I’ve forgotten two or three important things that we’re also working on, principally in the hardware and the core pumping, injecting, detecting arena. So, I mean, I’m very excited about it and I think you can tell that we think we’re still perched on a future that’s very strong growth because of all these initiatives.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well I think what you’re going to see is this melding of pharmaceutical and clinical care. Right now kind of the pharmaceutical business is to take care of drug development kind of and then hand it over to clinical care specialists and that kind of discreet markets more and more the combination of genetics and phenomics in drug discovery and drug development and clinical care are merging together. And I think the combination of those things is something that works in our favor because we are important players in certainly all elements of that in particularly a growing presence with our healthcare initiative. So, I think it will be a little bit tough to discern how much is kind of in a more traditional Waters modality and how much is kind of new work with cancer centers and diagnostic initiatives. But clearly we think a disproportionate amount of growth over the next five years is going to come out of these new partnerships and clinical care initiatives that result from phenomics and treatment modalities that are going to emerge.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well, I’ll ask Gene to handle some more color, but I think the -- its interesting that in Europe you’ll hear us talk about broad base throughout this discussion. But clearly it was broad based in Europe. I mean almost every geography in Europe delivered good results this quarter. So it wasn’t just a U.K. initiative or German initiative. It was kind of throughout Europe we saw this kind of response and it was -- some of it was pent up, some of it was clearly as a result of the new products that we’re bringing into the market. And our sense is that, this is not a one quarter dynamic. Gene, you want to go into the details.
Douglas Berthiaume: I think it’s hard to tell given the strength of the concern on the product customers with this whole corruption crackdown and concern. I think its good sign that we’re able to actually book these orders, but it’s still tough to get through the payment processes and the bank clearances in order to get revenue recognition. So, that’s where the Nitty hits the Gritty I’d say in this process. And until we see a more broad based sign of that, again this is largely in the Beijing area in the government controlled segment, but we haven’t seen that loosen up yet.
Douglas Berthiaume: Sure Amanda. I think to be fair, we face competitive offerings regularly in this industry. And I do think it’s fair to say that many in the industry have been playing catch up to come up to par with our kind of offerings. So it’s not surprising that people make a fanfare about their latest product offering. It’s a little unusual to have such a fanfare post pick on where most people plan to deliver their new products. But it’s a normal occurrence to us. I think you can see from our results that pricing is not suffering. Our margins, we’re strong in the quarter. We don’t see and frankly we -- we’ve been asked this question year-in and year-out about price sensitivity. We have to compete, but very rarely do we see our overall price strategy suffering as a result of new product introductions by anyone. There have been low cost competitors, low priced competitors out there from time and memorial. They will always exist, but they don’t typically have a significant impact on us. And I don’t know, if they’re having significant inroads in the LC market place then God bless them, then market must be even stronger than we think it is for us to be delivering almost 10% growth than them taking share. So, I’ll leave that to you to decide whether that’s happening.
Douglas Berthiaume: Well Miroslava, I think its all of those. I think that’s the interesting part about the strength in the pharma market for Waters’. Clearly in the India piece which is largely aimed at generic drug manufactures you’ve had a multiple quarter period of slow growth going back prior to this year due to regulatory concerns, due to macroeconomic and political concerns. So that’s a pent up replacement demand, its regulatory that’s driving that market. When you look at the launch of the QDa detector clearly is a new product, new capability initiative that’s -- but really mostly aimed at small molecule analysis and mostly in more traditional drug applications. You look at the introduction of our ionKey again aimed at drug development applications be both in biotech and in large pharma. You’ll look at the strong service requirement which cuts across all of those and our service business in spite of companies that want to service all instruments in a company and those initiatives come and go. Our service business continues to be very strong as these companies continue to value the constant uptime of their instruments and what Waters’ brings in that. So, I’ll start getting redundant, so it’s everything, it’s really across the board.
Douglas Berthiaume: And Carolina, I think we’re approaching the bottom of the hour. So, maybe we can take one more question.
Douglas Berthiaume: Agreed. We don’t think that this iKnife initiative maybe we’ll have to reallocate some resources to support it. But we don’t think it dramatically affects the traditional Waters’ P&L model.
Douglas Berthiaume: All right. Well thank you all for putting up with us this long. Before concluding the call I’d just like to reiterate. I think why we’re so excited. You clearly saw in this quarter us focus on the broad-basedness of our capabilities, broad based geographically. So almost everywhere except for China we saw our businesses produce very strong results. If you looked at our product lines, chemistry, service, instruments, LC instruments, mass spec instruments we saw our business perform well. And finally just look at the phase of our P&L, you’ll see the sales growth, margins improving at a faster rate than sales, you’d see SG&A held under control, but its not stifling the growth of the business. We’re clearly investing more in R&D than anywhere else in the P&L. The buyback continues on the margin to affect better EPS growth. So, manifested very simply in that going back to the breadth of our business capabilities, I think the outlook is very promising. So, whether it’s this management that will be with you for a while longer or the next one, I think the stewardship is in good hands. So thanks a lot. We’ll update you on our next call.
Gene Cassis: Yes. I think you did a pretty good job, Doug. But I would just add some color that, a lot of the strength that we saw in our European markets centered around our new QTof mass spec commentary offerings, and I think its somewhat of a product specific or a system specific strength that we had in that business. So, a combination of funding levels and a very competitive position based on new product launches primarily in high end mass spec commentary will grow the European government in academic growth.
Gene Cassis: The color that I’d add to that is that we probably saw the biggest change in trajectory in the first quarter, and for the last two quarters we have seen a level of stability in demand. I’ll bite at a lower level than traditionally we’ve seen in that marketplace, but we have a backlog build and so I think there is some reason for some cautious optimism as we go into the fourth quarter that we’ll see some of these shipments in revenues be recognized.
Gene Cassis: Yes, I’ll take a stab at that Amanda. We did talk about strength on the sales line for our new QTof offering, but we just began shipping the tandem quadrupole offering late in the third quarter. I think you can appreciate that within mass spec commentary tandem quadrupole sometimes called triple quadrupole mass spec commentary represents the largest market segment. And our new Xevo TQ-S micro really hits the heart of that market place. And we expect that in the fourth quarter you’ll see us ship against a backlog that we’ve built and show some nice strength in applications ranging from DMPK applications through the applied market. So, all through this year we’ve had nice strength based on systems with the QDa. We’ve had very good strength on QTof offerings at the high end, and now I think as we enter the fourth quarter we’re going to be looking at the largest segment of the UPLC MS market and I think have a very strong offering.
Gene Cassis: I’d just like to add one thing, that if you look at the change in trajectory for pharmaceutical demand, one to look at it and say it really started in the fourth quarter of last year. Even the first quarter of this year if I looked at pharmaceutical demand in North America and Europe that was at a mid single-digit rate, but the other, three of the last four quarters we have had results that are pretty similar to what we delivered in this most recent quarter.
Gene Cassis: Well, I’m not going to speculate on 2015 at this point, but -- and looking at the third quarter just the way currency moved through the quarter afforded us pretty neutral impact of currency on the quarter that we just reported. As we look at the fourth quarter we’re estimating that the effective foreign currency primarily based on what's outputting with the yen is going to result in some place between $0.02 and $0.03 worth of pain in the fourth quarter. So, that’s about the extent of it, Miroslava.
Gene Cassis: Yes. On the last question that we got on FX, when I talked about $0.02 or $0.03 that was versus prior guidance. If I look at the full year impact of currency on the fourth quarter its close to $0.06. So, I just wanted to make sure that that was clear.
Gene Cassis: Well, I think we typically talked about ’15 on my January call. But when we talk about the Waters’ model in general, we always try to talk about the opportunity to get a little bit of operating leverage and a top line growth of mid single-digit typically as the point where we start to be able to see some operating leverage. So, at this point I wouldn’t suggest that you think about the year 2015 much differently than you have previously.
