Christopher O'Connell: Great. Thank you, Sherry. As we move through 2017 we will continue to emphasize execution in our core businesses and delivering on our operating performance objectives. As always we will strive for balance in our results and we will seek to cover unexpected changes in our assumptions with the breadth of our growth opportunities. Additionally, as we have stated consistently, we will seek to balance growth, operating leverage and investment in the business. With that, we'll now open the phone lines for Q&A. We are rarely able to get to everyone's questions. So please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. And if you have additional questions, please contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Operator, first question please.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, happy to address those and those are two related but different questions. So I'll just start with the US question and really the broad US market and the patterns we saw in the first half. Clearly, I think when we look at the US, we are looking at both the broader and business environment, but also our comps, which were strong in the second quarter here. The US business environment is clearly seen across multiple markets, not just pharma, and you know, we do believe there is some holding back due to the uncertainties with government policy et cetera. Some companies are holding back and some companies are investing elsewhere. Clearly, the US is a little slower right now and Europe is a little faster. As you pointed out, US was actually better in Q2 than Q1, not exactly where we wanted to be, but clearly heading in the right direction. And I think you know, it's looking at broad trends and the order book and demand, I would say that I'm cautiously optimistic that the US will normalize. We think the demand is still there and are assuming some improvement in the back half of the year in the US, but certainly not assuming a strong big bounce. But we are assuming some improvement. You know, as it relates to pharma and I think the best way to look at this picture is globally and is with the rolling trends. The quarter that we had in pharma I think reflects timing in comps. Recall that a year ago in the second quarter our pharma business worldwide grew 12% with strong comps in particular in Asia, and I think that if you look the slightly bigger picture of say a rolling six month or a rolling 12 month, our year-to-date pharma is up 6% in our last 12 months and pharma is up 8%. And so you know, I think when I look at pharma, I think pharma is healthy and I think it's balanced on strong comps. So you know, looking at the back half, I think it's on track and expect at or above historical trend lines on a strong base from 2016. So that's how I’d characterize the pharma picture overall.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, thanks. You know, TA, I'm pleased with the TA in the year they're having. They've been solid in the first couple of quarters and as we've talked about in the event of a cyclical recovery in industrial demand. TA is very well positioned with their new product family, the Discovery Series. And so you know, I was actually just out of TA a week ago with their worldwide management team, and I think the team is looking at the back half of the year with those factors and hopeful we'll continue to see good end markets and good -- you know contribution to the growth of the company.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, Derik. You know, put both India and Japan in the broad category of Asia and as I pointed out, you know we really - feel good about Asia. It's our largest geography in terms of revenue contribution. It's been growing very steadily. You know, Japan as we talked about last quarter had a little bit of a soft Q1, but that was as we talked about somewhat timing related in the later stages of what typically can be fiscal years in Japan and our tough comps, and is that - as some of those factors normalized in Q2, we saw a good solid performance actually in each of the end markets in Japan. And so you know, Japan historically has been a relatively consistent and very reliable generator of modest growth and profitability. You know, we still expect that modest growth going forward, but are glad to see them post a solid quarter. You know, as it relates to India, I think we're continuing to see consistency out of India really on the on the backs of the generic drug industry. We have a strong competitive position as you know in India, and the growth rates we're seeing though they are in the double digits really in the mid-teens continue to validate the economic engine that India is. And in terms of providing the generic pharmaceutical base for many markets, and you know, there it's just a consistent performance on instruments, on service, on chemistry and we've got a very strong team there and expect to continue to see good things out of India.
Christopher O'Connell: It's mostly alliance. It's mostly well established HPLC methods there in India. But you know, we are beginning to try to see you know some opportunity for ACQUITY Arc, but also keep in mind in India the Empower Chromatography Data System backbone for regulated methods is really the key factor. As you know, regulatory standards in India have been rising. FDA has been taking a more active interest over the years in factories in India for the exporters into the US market and the Empower business has really solidified our leadership position there.
Christopher O'Connell: So to answer your first question Doug about Pharma, you know, I think when we're in the first quarter keep in mind it's our smallest quarter and we're hyper focused on early trends out of the gate. And so we do in the first quarter tend to look a little more that balanced to the quarter. But you know with the benefit of looking at the first half you know, I think we tried to point out in my commentary that you know, the trends in the US are probably more reflective of the broad economic backdrop and questions and uncertainties in the US that many companies are facing. And so you know, I don't want to get into too many details around the shape of revenue in the middle of a second quarter. But it is true that our second quarter was definitely better in the US in pharma and in other markets than in Q1. And so you know, we are hopeful and cautiously optimistic that there is a normalization pattern emerging. We're watching it very, very carefully. And to the last part of your question, the US phenomenon and in terms of a market backdrop did affect all markets not just pharma.
Christopher O'Connell: I know that, and it's a good question and I think it's fair to say that this – there is a clearer picture as we said halfway through the year of that you know, broader governmental policy backdrop and the good news is that we have a lot of levers to pull to continue to deliver numbers. And even with relatively modest contribution from the US.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure, Paul Yeah, I know we're very pleased with the P&L and think that the strong P&L that we showed for the quarter and for the year to date demonstrates you know, that consistency and resiliency of our model. And you know, I'd further note that we're able to deliver that P&L, while you know, for the year-to-date, so far we're actually growing our R&D 9% on a constant currency basis. So we're investing for the future, while continuing to get the operating leverage through good efficiencies, operating wise and G&A. In terms of the manufacturing base, as we've noted before Paul, we have a very balanced geographic footprint on manufacturing with our biggest centers in the United States, the UK, Ireland and Singapore. We do not have any manufacturing in China, but we certainly have a very global supply chain. And you know, continue to work that to gain ongoing efficiencies and continuous improvement in our costs.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, China was very balanced. In fact, you know, it's important to note about China, that China is probably a more balanced market than almost any of our major markets in terms of its contribution. Where our worldwide mix is maybe 60% pharma or just under 60% pharma, in China it's 10 points less than that. Furthermore, we've got our strongest concentration of our food testing business in China versus any major market. If I look at the quarter the growth was very balanced. In fact, perhaps the highlight of the quarter in China was the industrial business. We had a huge comp in pharma for a year ago in China. And I don't want to quantify that too much, but we had good growth in pharma in China off an enormous comp. But really in the quarter the star of the quarter in China was our broad based industrial business.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, it's a good question. I'd rather not comment on the competitive launches because I just don't have the insight as to how people stage those and so forth. What I can talk about is Discovery, which you know is a pretty significant leap forward in both performance, but also cost. It's a wide ranging portfolio across different modalities of thermal analysis. And like any launch in the analytical instruments field it does take time to get traction. And so even though we had launched the DSE and the TGA last year, I think we're only beginning to find our sea legs [ph] in those products and still have additional modules to go. And as we do that, we really define as we say winning the measurement in the field and are confident in products superiority. And furthermore with a platform that’s been engineered with great attention to tiering, but also scaling technology and platforms, so that we can get profitability enhancements. And so our TA business with that additional growth is just a terrific profit generator for the corporation.
Christopher O'Connell: Tycho, it’s a important question and certainly the - you know I think our results at least looking at our different categories show that this overall backdrop and environment is affecting most businesses. My comment on better than Q1 reflected the US business overall, but specifically pharma, which was as you know not quite positive, but definitely better than Q1. And so you know, I think what I look at is the underlying tone of demand in the market I talked to a lot of customers as you know and try to get into this dialogue and you know when I look at the combination of the demand which I still think is there, certainly in some cases global companies can move some of that demand to other parts of the world, which we do see a little bit of. But you know, there is probably some holding back and the combination of that and in our order book gives me I'd say some cautious optimism that we should see a continuing pattern of improvement. And you know, hopefully in the back half of the year see US in positive territory.
Christopher O'Connell: You know, I don't want to - the question replacement cycle, as we talked about at our Investor Day you know, is you know, not really a major factor in the business. And it's not clear that there's any evidence that a replacement cycle demand affected demand in Europe in Japan or any of these markets, really owing to the very broad diversity of today's biopharmaceutical market. So I think the trends we saw in Europe and Asia were evidence of you know, solid growth out of the developed markets and that growth does tend to move around a little bit between the US and Europe and Japan and I think that reflects the global nature of our business. We have plenty of examples where multinational companies ordered in the year - in Europe, but not in the US or ordered in Japan, but not the US. And so you know the way I look at the business is more broadly at those developed markets. And if you look at trends for pharma in the developed markets they've been pretty steady quarter-to-date, year-to-date in that kind of low single digit way, while the emerging markets is a strong double-digit, solid double-digit type growth picture. You know, that's a slightly different way of cutting the business, but probably gives you a little more flavour as to know what the global picture looks like.
Christopher O'Connell: No, I I'd say it's probably too hard to piece out any particular CRO or CDMO trend. As you allude to there is clearly a robust contract business out there. It's one we're well aware of. We've been a leader in and continue to prioritize. And yes, there is some consolidation, but really the underlying volumes in those type of operations continues to be you know, as they were and we don't see consolidation necessarily affecting that in the near term. In terms of bio processing. You know, I would say that - I wouldn't accentuate any unusual trends in our bio area. Keep in mind, most of our business in biotech is in the development stage and you know, we're excited about that because that portends greater volumes, as some of that type of testing moves into the more routine operational workflows later in the cycle. So our perspective is probably a little more narrow there in the development phase.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Fair question. You're right, a recent trend line has been up in the high single digits, you know, in ‘16 pharma was 10. Like I said rolling 12 month pharma is 8. We did head into - we are heading into a period here of Q2 and even Q3 with very strong global pharma comps. But when I say trend line Tim, recall I'm referring to more of the long-term trend line of the pharma market, which for us has been in that 6% range. And so as we talked about at the beginning of the year, as we look at the year we always you know, kind of revert back to our broad historical trend lines that maybe not the near-term trends, but the broad long-term trends. And in pharma you know, that's more than that in that 6% range. Certainly as it relates to stacked comps. You know, in Q1 the last two Q1s the stack comp is 9, in the last two Q2s stat comp is 8. So that's been more of a near term phenomenon. But you know, as you know, we don't always assume everything goes right and we forecast more of a long-term trend line for that and that I would say is where we're looking at it for the year we're in now.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. You know, just to, Jack to reiterate on the industrial side, we again had a really solid 7% quarter. Just to give you a sense on the broader picture, now year-to-date we're growing industrial at 8% and the 8% is also the growth of the industrial business for the last 12 months. And so you know, recall we had come into the year after some lesser consistency we'll call it in the industrial markets in ‘15 and ‘16. You know, hopeful that some of the backdrop would improve. We have a very diversified industrial business as you know, between materials, characterization, food, fine chemicals, et cetera. And so far the way the years played out is you know, we're very much benefiting from that - that industrial picture and that's a real positive for Waters. You know, again, as I've said a few times, one of the things that I really like about our model and the resiliency and consistency of our model is the fact that we have multiple levers to pull and you know, not every quarter plays out exactly like you think it's going to play out. But the fact that we're getting such good balance from our industrial end markets is a real positive for the company right now.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah, I mean, I would say the Europe business we're very pleased with in terms of its consistency and balance. And I would say to your question that we are seeing some encouraging signs in Eastern Europe, albeit Eastern Europe is much smaller than Western Europe. We definitely saw a nice pickup in the Eastern Europe business to create a picture in Europe that's pretty well balanced across most markets there.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Thanks, Isaac. Appreciate the question. You know, as it relates Health Sciences and in particular clinical diagnostics because there is a couple of different pieces of what's been traditionally referred to as Health Science. You know, I as you know in the strategic process tried to separate some of the more medical research applications around Olmecs [ph] and some of the really leading edge technology from the clinical diagnostics question which is a different one in a regulated market. You know, those markets are smaller for us as we pointed out. You know, our top priorities are of course pharma materials and food. I think we continue to see intriguing long-term upside and another growth engine to light at some point. But we've not disproportionately shifted investment in that area. We think technology is going to take some time to evolve in those markets. And we're being patient with that I'd say. We do have as you know, some very differentiated technology in that space around direct ionization mass spectrometry and we're very committed to leading the science in that area, at some point that could turn into a big business opportunity. But it's not in the near term, but that's how I'm thinking about it. Meanwhile, we're beginning to build capability. We've made some strong hires in the area of quality and trying to make sure that we do all the right things in the near term to position for a longer term opportunity. As it relates to the manufacturing in large molecule and really the production side, I guess what I’d say Isaac there, our focus is really on you know, all phases about pharma. I think the opportunity we see to move routine mass spectrometry measurement into more routine workflows is a huge opportunity. And that's why you've seen us really lead the market in technologies like the QDa and the Xevo TQ-S micro where we can you know, achieve a great balance of sensitivity size and value in reproducibility, so that companies can introduce SAs [ph] for multi attribute monitoring and more sophisticated measurement in routine operational workflows. And I think that's really where our focus is. At the investor conference you heard us talk about the bio TARP [ph] program as an example of that, which is really our first signature move in our transformational engineering program, which is now backed up by really a bold organizational move to pull that off. So I think we're doing all the things we can do to make sure we're delivering technology to that segment over time.
Christopher O'Connell: I'd say you know, starting where I ended the previous comment with, I think we hopefully were helpful to investors in talking about this vision for transformational engineering at our investor conference and backing that up with an example of a product system. There's obviously more where that's coming from and those type of product milestones and system milestones coming out of that philosophy and that R&D strategy you know, will certainly be visible. You know as we roll into ‘18 and beyond. In terms of meaningful changes or updates on the clinical diagnostics or as you call the Health Science side you know, I think that's an area that we'll just certainly share information when we have it. But just assume for the foreseeable future we're plugging away to service that business and trying to position for future opportunity without distracting from our number one priority, which is investing to grow in our core businesses.
Christopher O'Connell: Yeah. I mean, this is a – as you know, this is a harmonization of state and national transaction taxes into a national system long-term goal of creating a single market in India and to hopefully facilitate trade across their states. You know, we think in the long run it should be positive, in the short run there's not a material impact to Waters.
Christopher O'Connell: The guide for the core business, I think Sherry, Luke had been pretty detailed in terms of how some of the numbers stack up, but let me just - I'll just offer a general comment on second half guide, which is you know, we're solid through the first half of course in that strong mid single digit range on revenue and that's the type of guide that we're expecting in the second half of the year, and again all this is on strong comps from a year ago. So we're you know, really believe that we're tracking to another really solid year consistent with our historical pattern and a lot of the key drivers in the core businesses you ask are in place. The global pharma market, the Asia market, the recurring revenues and as number of people have asked with the added benefit of a really solid industrial business. So as it relates to some of the questions people had on US, we've been relatively conservative on the US recovery. And so we're cautiously optimistic that we see some normalization not assuming any big bounce. And you know, we think that all adds up to a solid outlook with no material changes in margin assumptions. And you know, consistent modest leverage in the P&L outside of FX and tax. So you know hopefully that summarizes the big picture. I'm not sure if you want to add anything to that.
Christopher O'Connell: Great. Well, thank you all for your great questions. And just in conclusion, we are very pleased with our results through the first half of 2017, headlined by our ability to deliver strong organic top line growth, operating leverage and double-digit earnings per share growth. As we move into the back half of 2017, we remain focused on delivering results and feel that market conditions and our strong competitive position support continued success. So on behalf of our entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3, 2017 call, which we currently anticipate holding on October 24th 2017. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Sherry Buck: Yes. So it is about an 8% difference between our last guidance and I would characterize it at $0.08 FX and on the stock option capability we had in Q2 and then FX capability we're looking at.
Sherry Buck: Yes. So as we look at our gross margins, you look at FX impact, as I mentioned in the quarter it was about 80 basis points. I would say, we're going to continue to see some impact of FX for the year as a headwind probably in the range of 80 to 100 basis points. And I'd say as far as new products when you look at our overall Water’s results and the portfolio, I wouldn't say it was a big contributor to the gross margin.
Sherry Buck: No, I think Chris, that you’ve covered it. I think our outlook for the year reinforces our overall model with strong mid single digits and double-digit earnings per share growth.
