Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Well, good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation second quarter 2015 conference call. With me on today's call is Gene Cassis, the Waters' Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of the Water's Division; and John Lynch, the Vice President of Investor Relations. And as is our custom, I will start with an overview of the business then Gene will follow with details of our financial results and an outlook for our business in the second half of this year. But before we start, I'd like Gene to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I don't know whether it's our phone or (24:28) using a different phone. I apologize. (24:29 – 24:42) Apologize. [audio difficulties] (24:43 – 25:19) So, we're [indiscernible] [audio difficulties] (24:20 – 26:23)
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Okay. No. Just in terms of looking at backlog build in the quarter, orders and sales were approximately the same in the quarter, so there was no meaningful difference there. As we take a look at the PKI, I mean, what we talked – what we're – on the quarter that we just reported on, we did see orders and sales in that partnership and the trajectory that we're on gives us confidence in the original projection that we had for the full year and that is that the incremental benefit of this partnership will result in about 1 point to 100 basis point improvement for Waters' shipments this year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Ross, I think you can point to the quarter that we just had. The business most affected by the industrial – the classic industrial market is the TA business. And TA had low single-digit growth. But for the half, TA was up 7% organically. And so, yeah, I think you might see a little bit in the classic industrial chemical, the DuPonts and the Dows of the world probably seeing a little bit of weakness there. For the Waters Division, though, the industrial category – in our world that includes environmental labs, the food and beverage, food safety – and the conditions there are pretty robust. So, I'd say, on the margin maybe you're seeing a little bit of a struggle in some of those industrial accounts. But even at TA, I think it's more that we're in the tail end of their product cycle. You're going to see really an uptick in their new products next year. And yet, their organic growth is still hanging in there. I don't think there's any share loss there. So, it's a marginal thing. I don't think it's anything significant to be worried about. Gene, do you...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, it's a growing part of our business. It's – right now, the whole health sciences area of our business is not quite 10%.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: So, it's fair to put that into that context, and pain management is a piece of that. I'd say the pain management piece and therapeutic drug monitoring, all-in, is a significant part of that health science initiative in the United States, and it's a growing piece outside of the United States – not a big piece of Asia, but a growing piece in Western Europe.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well Steve, it's interesting, because the growth is not coming from our classical big pharma accounts. Those accounts are low-single digit to flat. So, most of our growth is coming from specialty pharma, generics, big and small biotech accounts. And I'd say most of that is new initiatives, the volume-based. It's not significant. You always have some replacement and maintenance business that goes on – and throughout that. But I'd say the prime initiative here is more forward-looking spending.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: All right, Jon. Let me take them in reverse order. You've followed us for as long as anybody and you know that from time immemorial, people have talked about Waters could be acquired by someone else and fit into their portfolio. And we've always pretty much ignored that talk and focused on what was right for our business and our customers. And from the point a view of our board and our management team, there was – we never believed and still don't believe that there's anything that a bigger, larger, more diversified company brings to us that would help us as opposed to continuing to pursue these initiatives on our own. So, from our perspective, we can well imagine why somebody might drool over the opportunity of adding Waters to their portfolio. It didn't do much for our strategic advantages. So, you can say, okay, but at some price, any company can be acquired. We all know that. So, I can tell you that no one has seriously tempted us along those lines. So, I think you can never say what'll happen in the future. But I and the board believe that the future for Waters is incredibly bright. You probably know that I never think our stock is fairly valued. I think it's always undervalued. And so, the opportunities to prove that – when we were trading under $100, people thought we were maybe as far as we could go. And when we're at $130, who knows – people probably think the same thing. But I look at our opportunities. I look at what we can grow over the next three, five years, and I think our shareholders are going to be very fairly rewarded by continuing down this path. And I don't think you have to look too far at the companies who have been acquired over the last three or four years. I mean, I'm going back to Millipore. When the body of politics thought that they got such a great price for their business, you look at the market today and if they had held on there as individual companies, they'd be trading at much higher prices than they settled for in the acquisition world. I don't think you have to look too far to some of those companies that still haven't closed yet to say, gee, I wonder what their future was as stand-alone businesses rather than settling for what looked to be a strong premium. So, I'll get off my soapbox, but I don't see anything that's likely to change our perspective in the near term absent somebody just deciding to really open their purse strings. And having said that, now I forget about your first part of the question.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, I think it's interesting because in going through the gamut of the recruitment process, Chris talked to, certainly, first, me, and then the succession planning committee and the search firm and the rest of the board, and then the rest of the senior management group. Never had I imagined it would be so universally positive about the credentials of somebody coming into this job particularly as we all know the incumbent is so highly valued. So, Chris did an outstanding job of selling himself to the organization. And starting out, Chris had no real appreciation for Waters or our background and history. Since we made the decision, Chris has had the opportunity to broaden that association. We've gone down a level or two in the organization, had some dinners. And the organization has been kind of universal in their initial reaction that Chris seems to be a Waters' cultural fit. And, look, you do the best you can, and I'm sure Chris has done the best he could. He clearly has knowledge of this whole healthcare environment, he's well-traveled, he understands the Asian markets from the perspective of Medtronic. But that perspective isn't that different from our perspective. So, I'm sure Chris isn't going to be a Doug Berthiaume clone. I don't want him to be. The company doesn't want him to be. He'll bring his own expertise and his own desires and strategic abilities. But I think he clearly, to the best of our ability and his, conforms to what we think the initial perspective of the CEO of Waters is going to be. He values the same kinds of things. He brings the same cultural values to the table. And I just think he's going to be a great fit.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yeah. It's been balanced, Joel, but the one thing is that we've had a very growth in India. I think you've heard that in the first quarter call as in the second quarter call. And the growth there is generic pharmaceutical demand and it's mostly quality control related. But as you begin to look across our pharmaceutical end market and begin to segment our business out by small molecule applications, large molecule applications, it's been very balanced actually. But QDa has been a wonderful product in terms of helping us in the small molecule world, and for people who have been primarily and only focused on looking at what's happening on the large molecule front. This brings us back to a reality that small molecules continue to be important, and we're seeing that with our QDa demand. So, I'd say that if you factor out the exceptional growth that we've seen in India during the first half and then begin to look at the pharmaceutical demand, it's pretty – it's been pretty balanced across the whole spectrum starting from discovery through QA/QC.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yeah. On Japan, yeah, our expectation is that the results that we've seen year-to-date are probably indicative of what the results will look like for the full year. There's been some interesting dynamics in Japan in that you had an interesting year last year in terms of looking at governmental spending. You had a favorable comp on governmental spending, so it looked optically very strong in the quarter that we just reported. We had a strong pharmaceutical first half of 2014, though a little bit softer. But I don't think it's indicative of a change in demand as it is to just some of the details of the basis of comparison. In general, we're expecting the performance that we've seen in the first half of the year to continue through the second half of the year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Not particularly. Depends – but it all depends on the assets, Matt. I still – my general rule of thumb that some people debate and some agree with is that we're perfectly willing to consider adding to our portfolio as long as it's in an area that we think we know something about, that we can manage and it doesn't dilute the existing business. I just don't – when we think that we have the opportunity to grow in the high-single digits organically, that buying something that dilutes that for the short-term pleasure of cutting out administrative costs doesn't appeal to us. It does to some, but in the end you're going to look at those serial acquirers and say, gee, where's the evidence that adding assets to them took their 2% or 3% organic growth rate and doubled it or tripled it. And as you know, it's hard to find great evidence of that. It's not hard to find evidence that they can cut costs for some period of time and grow their earnings in a very-low-interest-rate environment. And who knows, maybe that'll turn out to be the wisest business strategy that we've ever seen. But it's not something that has ever particularly appealed to me. And so I think, as long as we see the opportunity to continue to do what we do and deliver superior results, we think it's the better strategy.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think, clearly, this year is going to see a spike in R&D growth compared to what's happened historically. And that's specifically related to the health science initiative and things like REIMS and DESI. You're likely to see another year of higher-than-average R&D growth, but I don't see that extending deeply into the future. It's not going to mitigate in the next couple of quarters. But we don't see – we see a number of initiatives, that are going on right now, that will keep that tail rising. Now, having said that, down the road we could initiative something else and have to rationalize it and incorporate it into the budget. But with our current momentum, I'd say, yeah, 2016 is likely to see a somewhat higher R&D rate. But I think then it begins to mitigate.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think, as you look at the growth rate that we're enjoying this year, there's clearly a positive market dynamic. Over the years we've been a pretty good proxy for the strength in health sciences and pharmaceuticals. And I think what you're hearing from us, as you've heard from some other companies in our space, is that's a healthy market. And I think we are getting at least our just share of that market health.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, if I understand the question, our India business is a very well-run business. So if you look at its level of profitability, it's certainly very well run and above-average level of operating profits. And what's happened in India in the last couple of years is they ran through a period of very weak currency, a kind of political uncertainty and in the past – and a period when a number of generic drug manufacturers ran into regulatory issues, some of them quite serious. And in the past 12 months, the result of trying to cure those regulatory issues has been that they've turned to us for significant help in both the software area, the service area or qualifying their instruments and doing extra work. We still see the effect of that currently. We also see an improvement in the political environment and a somewhat stabilizing of the rupee. So, all of those things have kind of moved positively. I'd say, again, we have a very strong position in India. I think they're coming out of a period when those generic drug manufacturers were kind of treading water in terms of their capacity. And we're pretty optimistic about their long-term business plans to add to capacity and capabilities. So, l'd say, while, yes, we've come through a period where we had pretty soft businesses, so easy comparisons, I think we're going to through a period when the underlying demand is still pretty strong and the profitability of this business is very good. So, I think...
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. And operator, I think we can take one more to make up for our echo start, but we're well passed the 9:30 difficult stopping date. So, I think one more would be appropriate.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say the initial reaction to the food tasting – the food safety application is very positive. But I would caution you to say that we're still in the early phases of putting that technology in the hands of these customers. And as you know, the applications there widely vary. So, whether you're talking about milk products or you're talking about meat products, you're typically talking about different situations with different customers. But I would say rarely have we seen an initial level of interest with the ionized applications in food safety. It's a very strong. But you're not seeing that currently in our order rate. We do think that that's coming.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Well, thank you all for both taking the time today and over the years. I do appreciate your jobs and how you've done it and how you've treated me and Waters over the years. So, I'll look forward to you being just as insightful and kind in your treatment of Waters over the next 20 years. Thanks again and I look forward to hearing about it. Take care.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. Doug, as you look at the prior year results, we did begin to see the business ramp in China during the second half of 2014. And that ramp resulted in a double-digit growth in sales in the fourth quarter. So, as we look at the basis of comparison for this year, the basis for comparison does become a little bit more challenging in the fourth quarter. And what we see right now in terms of indicators of strength suggests to us that underlying demand has strengthened. Orders and sales were both up double digit in the quarter that we're reporting on now. And, but we do expect that as we get into the later part of the year that the sales, the year-over-year sales growth will diminish a bit because of the improved – because of the more difficult base of comparison. Now having said that, and if I think about the guidance that we've given for the full year, what we do anticipate that growth rate in China will be closer to the low double-digit through the second half of the year.
Eugene Gene Cassis: We talked about the full year at 7% to 8%, and the guidance before was mid-single digit. I think that we fully recognized that a lot of the growth that we've enjoyed, especially in the last quarter, is from – Asia was a significant driver of that growth, and we know that the bases of comparison become a little bit more challenging in the second half. And we had very strong first quarter. And in part, we benefited from three extra selling days in that quarter, and that becomes a headwind for us in the fourth quarter, where we have fewer selling days. So, I think that, as you begin to look at those two factors, and still understand that the fourth quarter is a little bit a ways off, and it probably makes sense to, if anything, err a little bit on the conservative side. I think we're very comfortable with the top line and the bottom line. I'd just like to mention that the bottom line, the EPS guidance that we provided, also factors in a little bit more headwind from currency than we had anticipated the last time we gave guidance.
Eugene Gene Cassis: And the one thing that I would add, Steve, is that the recurring revenues, the service and the chemistry business that we have, is disproportionately weighted to the pharmaceutical side of our business because of the number of samples that are running in applications like quality control. So, what we're seeing in terms of strong demand on the chemistry side and on the service side is indicative of high utilization rates of instruments in the installed base, and that's very encouraging. That shows you that there's an underlying demand based on the requirement to one run more samples that I think does have legs to it.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, I think if we look over the year-over-year comparison, we had about a $0.13 impact of – from FX in the second quarter and about $0.21 for the first half of the year. The guidance that we gave assumes another $0.13 in the third quarter and probably something closer to the first quarter of impact in the fourth quarter as we begin to anniversary some of those strengthening – I'm sorry, weakening of foreign currencies.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Yeah. I think, in general, we think of Japan as being a mid-single-digit grower. It can bounce around the mid-single digits. But I think our long-term expectations revolve around that expectation.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, I think our exposure is – roughly 1% of our sales are related to that spend level, and it's heavily weighted towards our higher end mass spectrometry product. So, it tends to be a relatively small percentage of our business, and it tends to be somewhat lumpy, just given the high ASPs. So, as Doug said, it's a – it's likely to be a marginal positive. We're encouraged that some of the technologies that we've introduced during the first half of this year, as we move into what is historically – third quarter is usually a bigger quarter for U.S. governmental spending. We think we have a pretty good pipeline of customers that are interested in some of our more recently introduced technologies.
Eugene Gene Cassis: 2015, we expect that M&A will be a very small part of the growth story, maybe we're looking at 20 or 25 basis points.
Eugene Gene Cassis: Well, if you look at our full-year, high-single-digit growth rate expectations, certainly in the Waters division, the – I'd say it's kind of a classical year, in terms of the effect of new products versus continuing new products. If you just look at the products launched this year, you're talking principally, so far, products in the mass spec arena. Of course, you have things like the QDa that were launched previously that is still in the early phase of the cycle. So, I would say that we're in a representative year. It was a strong launch of capabilities, but it's – I'm not prepared to say precisely what the new product effect was.
Eugene Gene Cassis: And there's no new product introduction that stands out as dramatically affecting this growth rate. Let's say you've seen products across the consumables space with the glyco product and the mass spec triple quad area has been healthy, the single quad with the QDa. It's pretty broad based. (1:07:34)
Eugene Gene Cassis: ...quarter of last year. And typically, Miroslava, those affect most dramatically the recurring revenues. So, then the recurring revenues are roughly half of our business. If I take a look at what's the positive effect was of a similar – of selling days moving in the other direction in the first quarter, it was probably 2% or 3% points on the 15% total growth that we had in the first quarter. So, as you begin to take a look what the assumptions are for the rest of the year, we talked about the third quarter having a top-line growth rate of 7%, and the full-year guidance pretty much assumes a 3% or 4% growth rate in the fourth quarter.
