Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Steve, for the question. And I think you characterized it well, the pattern we’ve seen throughout the year has shown some bumps in the road that we're not fully expected as we headed into the year and in a couple of key geographies and product lines. Obviously, the most consistent headwind we've seen over the course of the year has been in India, which has knocked down our growth by a 1% or point or more and we can go deeper on India with what a year-ago was a customer base working through the GST tax implementation issues has evolved a little bit to some broader economic concerns, obviously the rupee is way down on a year-over-year basis. And so, a variety of factors including some political uncertainty in India have really contributed to that being consistent headwind. And outside of that, we’ve had some pockets of market related issues in Europe that we saw in the quarter. That said, we’ve some real positives that we’ve seen over the course of the year as well. China's been very consistent as a tailwind and the U.S which started out quite slow has been improving particularly in Pharma, which is probably the thing that we watch most closely. And so -- as I look at the year in totality and on your point of innovation, we’ve just tried to remain steadfastly focused on the execution of what is a really exciting multiyear innovation cycle. This year, in 2018, particularly in the back half of the year, we've seen more incremental product launches than the prior two years combined and those really should start showing their promise and of course as we look ahead to 2019, we have -- what I consider non-incremental type of product launches coming with the BioTOF program, some new entrants in high resolution mass spec and in some other areas. So, that's really our core strategy. We’ve not wavered from that. And as we’ve worked through some of the geography and product line bumps in '18, I think we're -- we remain very confident in the outlook for the business long-term.
Christopher O'Connell: Well, we did have a strong double-digit trend in Europe overall with growth in third quarter of prior year. And, I guess, if we look at Western Europe, we did have a significant 2017. 2018 has been a bit softer, we certainly believe our performance reflects more market related factors and we are obviously watching that closely. The tough comp was particularly with strong double-digit Pharma comps, but we probably have seen some incremental effects of some country specific dynamics, certainly, the Brexit situation as it rolls closer to hopefully some sort of a positive resolution has probably put a bit of a chill on sentiment. And certainly, there are some other specific countries like Turkey with some near-term uncertainty. But our franchise in Europe is very strong and we’ve got a customer base there that we expect to persevere. And like I said on my prepared comments, we don't necessarily anticipate a big bounce in Europe in the immediate term, but certainly as we look ahead to next year we expect to see normalization.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Thanks, Tycho. The comments that you referred to I made specifically around the TA Instrument product line. And really what happened in TA is we got to the very end of the quarter, there was a kind of a mix in timing of certain orders that have delayed shipments, including some China shipments that dynamic we saw in a couple different regions, but China, we’ve seen this for a few quarters now just with an elongated process of order to sale. But interestingly enough the order growth which we typically don't provide as much color to, but wanted to in this case, the order growth in TA was encouraging. It was consistent in Q3 with where we see it all year. I think we’ve a lot of confidence in our TA Instruments franchise in terms of the core product position that we have with the new discovery launches we’ve seen and more coming. And certainly from an inventory standpoint, we just had a slightly different mix on hand as we headed towards the quarter in terms of what we saw from an order standpoint, much of that will normalize in Q4. The Chinese situation possibly has some effect linked to the broader trade dynamics in China, but we’ve a robust overall global franchise in TA and expect that to bounce back in Q4.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Yes, clinical is actually had a really strong first half, particularly in Europe and its up nicely year-to-date. We just saw a slightly weaker clinical quarter on top of what last year was a pretty big comp and what was a lot of activity in the first half of the year. Some of the comps tend to be lumpy and in certain parts of the clinical business, such as the pain management business where there has been some weakness due to shifts in reimbursement policy in that space, but again stepping back and looking at the bigger picture of clinical, we’ve had a solid year -- year-to-date and we have new product coming into that category, I mentioned in my remarks, the RenataDX, which is a next generation clinical screening system. And we’ve a focused position in clinical diagnostics, particularly in the general use IVD category and we continue to like that business.
Christopher O'Connell: I would say that we continue to monitor our operating expenses very closely. We haven't taken any unusual cost actions. We’ve certainly been more conservative in headcount expansion in some of our operating spending over the course of the year as we saw some of these bumps in the road from a top line standpoint. But as you know Waters has always been a very disciplined operator and will continue to stay focused on those. And like I said in the -- on the remarks, we are pleased to have delivered on the bottom line despite some of the bumps on the top line.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, it's a bit of a mixed bag on biopharma generally, because we did see some weakness in Europe which really related to some of the comps that we had, that were strong there and also some of the general market chill that we've seen in Europe in the past quarter or two. But that was very much offset by strength in biopharma in the U.S. We, as I mentioned before, we saw a really robust quarter in the U.S in biopharma in particular and in Pharma generally. Since our -- since we report by trade class our clinical and biomedical research numbers which were both a bit weak in the quarter, really offset some very encouraging growth in U.S Pharma, and particularly strength in biopharma. So it is a bit of a mixed picture globally, Dan, I would say, and reflects some of the broader themes I mentioned.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, sure. It's something we are watching carefully. We are trying to be as patient as we can with India because as I mentioned earlier the customers tend to be patient buyers. And if you look over the long history of India, it does go in pretty pronounced cycles. That said, the long-term trend lines are still positive in India and we do believe there is demand building, particularly in the instrument side. We saw -- we’ve seen very steady contribution of our recurring revenues in India, which give us confidence in the underlying demand, in the underlying utilization of the technology. And in terms of the signposts, it's really watching that sort of pent-up customer activity in the underlying volumes they’re producing as measured in what we see in the recurring revenues for some sort of a tipping point. But I think as the ruby -- as the rupee, pardon me, stabilizes and the year-over-year comps there as it relates to our Indian customers become moderated, hopefully that will contribute to the reacceleration of India. But we are just staying very focused there. We really have a lot of confidence in our management team. We’ve confidence in the market and expect that to perk up at some point, hopefully in the not-too-distant future.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, sure. Thanks, Ross. Like I mentioned before, if you look to our total first half mass spec product line, we did see some modest improvement in the third quarter and we actually had a reasonably challenging comp year-over-year in mass spec as well. Like I said, we saw a bit of a bounce and some encouraging signs in the high res segment, and as I’ve said many times before, we really do like our core position there, we are a little late in a product cycle on that and looking forward to new products. But I feel like we are moving in the right direction in mass spec. We’ve got a very solid core 10 quad position and as you point out, our near-term product pipeline is robust and we are getting closer to it. For example, on the BioTOF program, we're well into a really exciting phase of customer evaluation and demo of the system, some of which I’ve personally participated in, and we do have a number of near-term new products as well in the high res and broader mass spec category. So like I said, I feel like we are moving in the right direction. It's an important product line for the Company and feel that it's reasonably stable in the near-term and hopefully getting better.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, now that's a terrific question, Ross, and we’ve -- as Sherry pointed out, say, we’ve spent a lot of time discussing the capital allocation, because for us tax reform was a total game changer. We were very locked on our balance sheet beforehand and now we're very unlocked and have a lot of financial flexibility, given the very strong economics of our business and global cash flows. Our priorities for capital allocation are, first, to grow the business and in any scenario, buyback, we are retaining plenty of financial flexibility to invest in the business, headlined by organic innovation capital expense. And as I mentioned, doing more and more to make sure we are close to what's happening outside of our four walls relative to innovation in technology and in considering very purposeful additions. Certainly in a small way you saw that earlier in the year with the Prosolia-DESI IP acquisition. And we will continue to maintain sufficient cash to invest in all of the growth attributes. But with that, certainly we have incremental capacity through our cash on hand, plus borrowing capacity to enhance our buyback program and we feel that now is the right time to put our balance sheet to work and to fully deploy our cash and partially deploy our borrowing capacity to work towards a more optimal capital structure.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. I think that’s a good question on flush and I would say, no, I didn't directly address it. But I would say that our forecast in Q4, as Sherry mentioned, I just reiterate that, we expect a continuation of some of the trends and we are not forecasting a major flush. Certainly, we are looking at that on a geography-by-geography basis. The U.S., as I mentioned earlier, showed a really encouraging uptick in Pharma spending in the third quarter and from where we sit today, we see that as something that ought to continue towards the end of the year. Where on the other hand, we are a little more conservative on our outlook in terms of what happens in Europe relative to year-end type activity. So I think, overall, we’ve a balanced set of assumptions on end of the year purchasing with strength in the U.S. and China and probably more conservative outlook for geographies like Europe and India. So I would characterize it as a bit of a middle of the road assumption.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, I will say a little bit more Dan, because we obviously want to give you and the investment community a more complete description at the right time when we get ready for launch. But like I said, from a product development standpoint this has been, in my view, a really successful program where we’ve really hit on all of our key milestones along the way with a system that is very much designed for what the market needs today and in the future. And the reality is the systems in the market that are serving this category today have multi-attribute monitoring and are mostly and including what we're selling into this segment today, really research grade systems that really require expert users have more complex software, can be more variable in terms of reproducibility, require certainly more service from higher skilled engineers and are really more designed for cutting-edge performance as opposed to reproducibility and robustness and regulatory compliance. And so, we are obviously trying to build on the great success we’ve had on the small molecule side with HPLC, plus UV detection and power chromatography data systems to provide a really fit for purpose solution for the accelerating segment of the market in late stage development and ultimately QA/QC with a very versatile, easy to use, robust time-of-flight type analyzer. So I will kind of leave it at that for now, which is consistent with I think what we've said, but we're also doing the commercialization process quite differently, say in the -- than historically, where we're doing a very robust deep engagement with many key customers to test and trial the system, to get that final piece of feedback and to really demonstrate to our users that this is quite different from what they see on the market today.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Hey, Doug, thanks for the question. Appreciate it. And certainly we are not at this point forecasting or giving guidance for 2019, but when we do step back and look at the big picture and look at the natural product cycles that occur in a business like this and really compounded by a lot of Waters specific mix in terms of end markets and geographies and product lines, I think when we step back and look at it, we feel very, very good about the work we are putting in to really build the type of R&D engine that can produce regular consistent cadence of new products that can drive the growth of the business and really a lot. That’s why you see a lot of the commentary that I make and we make coming back to that core innovation story. We certainly believe, we understand the market very, very well. We try to break out various segments to the market, to you and to the investment community in its level of granularity, we think that is wanted. And certainly, if you look at the overall visibility question, when you’re in certain product cycles, you obviously continue to plan for success. You try to fight through various parts of the cycle and obviously, when you get closer to some of the catalysts that you’re looking for to drive the business, then your confidence increases and I think that's sort of where we sit right now. So, yes, I see the same number as you do. And what we are focused on as a management team is just continuing to make the right decisions, the right investments in both the core innovation process and in our ability to deliver that into the marketplace and certainly on a forward looking basis, I feel very confident in what we're doing.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes. Mike, thanks for the question. I think it's -- I think our outlook is looking at a bunch of those factors, certainly stabilization of key geographies like India and Europe, continued improvement in the U.S as we've noted today that kind of we're encouraged by what's happened more recently in the United States and looking for that to continue. But no question that a number of the new product launches should play a really important role. Like I said on the call and referred to in some earlier comments, we’re in the early stages of a multiyear innovation cycle. Like I said, the launches we’ve seen in 2018 have been more numerous than the two prior years combined. We are only beginning to see the positive impacts on those and some of those are more incremental. But as we move into next year and beyond, we see evermore significant launches as we continue to progress some of the core building blocks of next generation technology sets, and that's really the heart of our transformational engineering initiative and so much of the heavy lifting that we've been doing in our R&D efforts. And I have a lot of confidence in that pipeline and I'm looking forward to it making a bigger and bigger difference.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, Mike that's a fair question on M&A and I would just continue to reiterate that our core corporate strategy is really around specialty focus and innovation leadership and we do -- we are taking probably a broader look at how we can emphasize the strength of our core products and enhance the strength of our core products with some tuck-in type M&A. Certainly, if we go down that path, we would do so in a very selective manner, in a very purposeful way that reinforces our core strategy. And like you say, while we have the -- we certainly have the financial wherewithal to stay flexible, to take advantage of opportunities that present themselves and at the same time we are building capability within the Company through our new corporate development department, and how we’d look to operationalize that, but until there was something specific to talk about, I would just leave it at that.
Christopher O'Connell: Sure. Thanks, Jack. From an overall chemistry standpoint where we grew mid single digits, we were up against a double-digit comp in prior year. So while the chemistry number tends to bounce around a little bit, based on prior year and prior quarter, we feel very solid in our chemistry business. We were quite strong in Pharma, which we think is a good indicator of underlying health of that market. We had strength in our application kits in our UPLC columns and I mentioned some new Bioseparations columns, such as the BioResolve reversed-phase that was partially offset by a little softness in consumables for clinical diagnostics and then just the vagaries of customer ordering. So really it's [indiscernible] goes in the chemistry consumables area and it's a really important part of our business.
Christopher O'Connell: Yes, I think it's fair question on China. We’ve seen a very balanced contribution of China all year long and we continue to expect China to perform at a high level. We have a lot of balance in our Chinese business between end markets, we are actually more diversified in China, if you will, than other major geographies. From a tariff standpoint, because the vast majority of our products trade in tariffs really, vast majority of our products come in from places other than the United States, we've seen less of a direct effect. I did mention earlier that the TA Instruments product line, which is the one product line for us that comes in from the United States has seen some delays between the order and sales cycle or elongated sales cycle. Whether or not that’s tied to the trade type activities, we are watching that closely. But when we step back and look at the big picture of China, when it all comes together, it's been a very solid story all year long and our current assumptions call for the continuation of that trend.
Christopher O'Connell: So it is a little bit after the top of the hour, so maybe we will conclude the call here in a few minutes. And as I do that, I do want to thank everybody for your great questions. In conclusion, after our third quarter, we are focused on delivering on our growth objectives for the fourth quarter, headlined by the continued improvement within our U.S pharmaceutical category, resumption of growth in TA Instruments and broad based growth in China. We are at the beginning of an exciting new product cycle across the business and believe that market conditions and our strong competitive position support continuing success. So on behalf of the entire management team, I would like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q4 2018 call, which we currently anticipate holding on January 23, 2019. Thank you all and have a great day.
