Douglas A. Berthiaume: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Waters Corporation third quarter financial results conference call. With me on today's call as usual is John Ornell, the Company's Chief Financial Officer; Art Caputo, the President of our Waters Division and Gene Cassis, Waters Vice President of Investor Relations. As is our normal practice, I will start with an overview of the quarter's highlights and then John will follow with details on our financial results and provide you with our outlook for the remainder of the year, but before we start I'd like John to cover the cautionary language.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Let me answer what I think you're asking, Marshall. We are seeing a number--in the last year or so, we have seen more of our competitors meaningfully start to talk about UPLC. However, in almost all of those cases, we continue to see our customers go through many of the same evaluation procedures, long-term evaluation procedures that they went through with ACQUITY for us many years ago. So the actual uptake in the competitors we still think is pretty slow, but it's clearly changing the share of mind with customers to focus more on the UPLC technology rather than the traditional HPLC technology. We're clearly seeing more and more examples of our customers saying to us things like, 'We are not going to invest any more strategic monies in HPLC, we're only adding more technology in the UPLC arena.'  What is particularly encouraging is I'd say in the last two quarters and particularly in the third quarter where we have traditionally seen a greater level of uptake of ACQUITY in the front end of both development activities and R&D, and less uptake in the regulated applications in pharmaceutical QA/QC, we're now seeing a much stronger uptake in that downstream activities in QA/QC and that, of course, has a higher preponderance of instrumentation there and that's why you hear us to be optimistic about the long-term dynamics of that move into UPLC in those regulated applications.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say what we are seeing from our field surveys and from our customer discussions is kind of a constant-- maybe a constant improvement, but I would say at least a level of confidence about the current pace of activity and the expectation that the slope of this business is going to continue as they go into 2011.  I think if you look at it geographically, I'd say, what you see now is pretty much what we expect, maybe improving a little bit as we move into 2011. We continue to see very strong conditions throughout Asia. We continue to see strong conditions in the generic drug accounts in India, and we see a fairly significant improving situation in the Unites States, where in the past 12 months we've moved from low single digit activity levels, moving up towards the double-digit activity levels. If you look at it from a product and technology perspective, the reaction to H-Class is probably the single most important thing on the chromatography side. We are very, very pleased with the reaction that we've had from that, from our traditional HPLC customers. I think there's no question with that offering, we're well ahead of the competitive offerings.  In the same way, coming out of ASM, as in particular, with both our high-end QToF like SYNAPT and G2 applications, and importantly, with this new TQ-S tandem quadrupole, our initial reactions on the part of both our accounts and competitive accounts makes us pretty confident that those products have strong legs going into 2011. So, geographically and in product position, we you look at it from a customer point of view. We're still probably most cautious about government spending, particularly in Western Europe, but outside of Western Europe that government academic community continues to look reasonably robust to us.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Sure, I think it's relatively homogenous across Western Europe while not totally universal. I wouldn't point to any of the large territories being meaningful points off the line. They are all kind of in that flattish overall demand arena. I think, interestingly, if you look at the pharmaceutical marketplace, it's important to know that a lot of those pharmaceutical customers are outsourcing significant parts. You probably saw that Sanofi Covance announcement of earlier this quarter. And that's just one example of big pharma moving some of their operations to third-parties and in many cases, to non-Western Europe geographies. So, they are moving it into Eastern Europe, Poland, Czech, and in some cases, into Asia. So, the capital is still maybe coming from the big pharma in Western Europe, but we would score that revenue outside those traditional areas. So, it gets a little bit hazy when we talk about how did big pharma react in a particular quarter versus specialty pharma or third-party testing laboratories. We know that that dynamic has been operating and probably is operating at a higher degree because we are doing very well with some of these outsourced third-party testing laboratories. So, that just muddies the picture a little bit. In the applied markets, we're seeing pretty good performance in the European theater, and again, we're most cautious about those things that rely on government spending. It remains to be seen just how much available government money there will be as we go into 2011. Right now, we'd say we're thinking whether the current momentum is going to continue.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say Western Europe hasn't been strong all year. So I'd say what we're talking about is a little bit of nuance. Clearly, it does affect our higher end mass spectrometry significantly, but I should warn you, we had an excellent quarter worldwide in high-end mass spectrometry. So, whatever it did to us in Western Europe was more than offset by strength in those applications outside of Western Europe.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I would say that our best estimate is that 25% or so, maybe a quarter of our H-Class orders are going down to customers who have not ordered HPLC from us before. So that's a pretty significant dynamic. I would say early on they are all ordering UPLC columns traditionally with the order. I would say our experience is most of them are running HPLC methods at this stage of their transition because what they tend to do is transfer their existing HPLC applications to the new instrumentation as they work in the future towards moving into a UPLC universe. Again, the great benefit of this technology is that you can put your old methods on there and yet eventually still move up to the UPLC platform.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Frankly I was a little surprised too, because, again, our field was reasonably optimistic coming into the quarter that we'd see some of that, but I was a little more skeptical. It's been somewhat difficult to call the pattern of big pharma capital spending. We're seeing more diversity in a lot of these large accounts in terms of when they are releasing their capital budgets and we are seeing particularly in the past 9 to 12 months we had several big mergers going on and the pace at which they resolve their organizational strategies and their spending strategies varies. One of the things we saw this quarter was that some of the companies that were undergoing those merger activities came out of it earlier and started to spend some capital with us. I'd say that might have been the single most positive dynamic that spending that we thought might come earlier in the year didn't come and it started to come in reasonable amounts in the third quarter from those large pharma accounts.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yeah, we had a little bit weaker Western Europe activity in the third quarter, but not materially so. And I'd say the most notable issue was high-end mass spectrometry in the government supported customer base. That's where we saw a lot of issue. On the other hand, we did have some build in backlog because of our introduction of the new triple quads that will benefit our results in subsequent quarters. I think we should move on to the next question.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think our results anticipate that it will grow. Some of that is because we didn't have a terribly strong big pharma quarter in the fourth quarter of last year, but yes, our model anticipates, we will see growth in the fourth quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think in the --if you look at our recurring businesses, it's really almost equal measures in terms of gross revenue from the part of service revenues and consumables, the columns. The service revenue is a slower growth than the consumables business and I think what's positive is that our consumables business has built momentum from the beginning of the year. Again, the service business is a little bit bigger than the chemistry business, but that chemistry business driven I think by the success of UPLC, the H-Class and the ACQUITY technologies, as well as the return of things like the generic drug business in India, so that our sample prep business is growing very nicely, so that business started off reasonably strong in the quarter and continued at a good pace, so I think it's very encouraging. Last year, during the downturn our chemical business, which as you may remember, is our most profitable in terms of its operating margins, slowed and now we're seeing a very positive track that I think continues as we go into 2011.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: Yes, I think the answer is we expect to see larger orders in the future as – because these customers don't want to have multiple forms of technology in one laboratory. So they'll tend to move in a more aggressive fashion. That's what we've begun to see, and if we are right, I think we'll see that at a higher level as we go into next year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We should substantially move through the backlog in the fourth quarter. Of course, if orders substantially outpace our current expectations, we may drag that into next year, but that would all be very good news for us. In terms of the third quarter backlog dynamics, we did-- our order rate was higher than our sales rate, we did grow the backlog, which is relatively unusual for us in the third quarter. We originally thought we would ship more of these units in the third quarter. The hidden message you see, the third quarter could have been a little bit better. We had a few, I'd call, minor issues from the middle of the quarter on that we delayed shipping for about three or four weeks that we hadn't originally planned on. Those shipment issues have resolved themselves. They weren't significant and that's why we are confident as we go into the last part of this year.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: The other dynamic, again, we would kind of splitting hairs here a little bit, but with the very strong hardware piece of our business that kind of reduces a little bit the consumables mix and our consumables gross margins are substantially higher than our hardware gross margins, so that mix cost you against the traditional levels that you have seen on the margin, that hurt your gross margins a little bit.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: No I'd say nothing – you always see one offs, and in one geography you might be seeing some strange quotes or something, but you see that every quarter and we didn't see anything that would point out as being a significant dynamic in the third quarter.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I'd say your base data that you cite, is pretty close to ours. We see the market being mid single digits and we're growing in the high single digits. I think when you hear us about growing confidence, we're growing confident about our ability to sustain that high single digit level of business and what would it take to get us more confident over and above that is a sustained picture that the H-Class is having the broad effect in the marketplace of moving the HPLC market more aggressively into a UPLC phenomenon. That's probably the single most important element I think.  We're seeing very nice dynamics in that, but if it's as good as we think it is and is broad, then that will move that picture up. We're also in the front end of what we think is this mass spectrometry, particularly the relatively higher end mass spectrometry. We are seeing--even with a relatively weak Western Europe picture, we are seeing record intake of orders on high-end mass spectrometry. It's very strong reaction to our new products and so, we're really only seeing about a little over a quarter of that. As we move into next year that dynamic could be very significant. I think that's most of it.  We've seen a quarter and a half of strength in the U.S. market, if we're right and that momentum continues a pace, then you're going to see full year of that dynamic next year. We anticipate that the U.S. applied markets in the food and beverage area has a great deal of opportunity for us. We're well positioned in some of the key thought leaders and then the regulatory environment to take advantage of that and that could be a smooth affect on us worldwide as some of those programs come together. I'd say we are anticipating that the strength that we see in Asia continues. I think that's a fair conclusion. It's not without certain risks, but I think it's not a huge risk that we'll see much disruption to the momentum that we're seeing in Asia.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: It is a very fair question, Steve. Art Caputo runs that business. He is here. I'll ask Art to chime in here.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: So, early on, the response to that has been strong both from the more traditional Waters account and early on from customer that haven't been used to buying tandem quadrupole from us. A little early in that conversion, but I'd say the early signs are very positive, Steve.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think our overall mass spec performance had to above perform the market in recent times. I'm not saying that others couldn't have had a good quarter, but we had an outstanding – particularly on the order side of the equation. Again, it's very hard to measure market share and dynamics in any one quarter. So I'm not going to beat our chest too high. We'll look at it over the next four or five quarters and that will give you a better feeling for the relative market share dynamics.
Douglas A. Berthiaume: I think the TA opportunity is – don't forget, the India marketplace for us is heavily weighted to generic drug manufacturers and that's almost exclusively a Waters Division opportunity. The other opportunities for TA in India are in industrial applications and those are smaller served markets for us. So, you would never expect TA to have anywhere near the same size business that Waters has. On the other hand, the China opportunities are significant. In fact, the TA growth in China, as well as in other areas of Asia, is very strong, probably the strongest part of the geographies in the last two or three quarters.Doug Schenkel – Cowen & Company: Great, thank you. 
Douglas A. Berthiaume: We have a few people still in the cue. We’ll stay on for another couple of questions and try to cover them all recognizing that we’ve gone a little past our traditional stopping time. 
John Ornell: During the course of this conference call, we will make various forward-looking statements regarding future events or future financial performance of the Company. In particular, we will provide guidance regarding possible future income statement results of the Company, this time for full year 2010. We caution you that all such statements are only predictions, and that the actual events or results may differ materially. For a detailed discussion of some of the risks and contingencies that could cause our actual performance to differ significantly from our present expectations, see our 10-K Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, in part one under the caption Business Risk Factors. We further caution you that the Company does not obligate or commit itself by providing this guidance to update predictions. We do not plan to update predictions regarding possible future income statement results, except during our regularly scheduled quarterly earnings release conference calls and webcasts. The next earnings release call and webcast is currently planned for January 2010. During this call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure is attached to the Company's earnings release issued this morning. In our discussions of the results of operations, we may refer to pro forma results, which include the impact of items, such as those outlined in our schedule entitled 'Reconciliation of Net Income Per Diluted Share' included in this morning's press release.
John Ornell: Yeah, there'll be some quarterly issues as you look back to where currencies were across the quarters, but right now the currency environment is relatively favorable. So, I would say that you have generally good margins in the current environment that we're in and you're just going to have quarterly comparisons that will need to be accounted for as you go back and see where rates were across the quarters of the base year.
John Ornell: Yeah, I'd say, based on what we see today, we've begun to transfer some of the H-Class production to Singapore and much of that has yet to come. It's likely to offset perhaps a shift away from alliance in the future, but I think it's going to work. That provides for a build of production in Singapore. This is likely to keep our rate above where it is today, other things being equal.
John Ornell: Sure, I'd say on the margin line, the big issue here really was the significant reduction we had in the quarter of shipments of our high-end triple quads. We've been changing out demand to the new TQ-S so that we've been shipping many fewer of the legacy product, obviously, as we've been building a backlog as this product has been making its way from R&D into production. So, the lack of that bolus of high-end triples in the base caused about almost a 50 basis point reduction in our overall margins in the quarter versus a traditional mix in the base year.  The other thing, the other piece, which is a little bit more of a net, is that we did see a bit of a strengthening of the pound across the quarter versus where we started. That raised the cost of some of the high-end mass spec coming out of the UK upon translation. That was offset to some extent with the strengthening yen, but the net effect of both of those was to reduce our overall margin associated with FX by about 10 to 20 basis points. So, between those two, that's the difference between a 60% margin that we had been running closer to versus a 59.4%.
John Ornell: Tycho, just to border a little bit on that, what we saw in the quarter was a little bit unusual in terms of the timing of the currency moves in that the yen, in particular, and the euro strengthened significantly late in the quarter. The pound was a late in the quarter dynamic also. As we look at how much of that dynamic winds up in the inventory at the end of the quarter, how much of a sales effect flows through to bottom line is a simultaneous equation, all of that came together to be a little less favorable than we might have expected. We think that all washes through in a more positive dynamic in the fourth quarter and as we go into next year.
John Ornell: On the H-Class, there were a few components that had higher cost early on than they will originally. Those costs are being looked at and I think generally pulled out in the fourth quarter, but certainly early into next year those penalties will go away. We also have somewhat higher cost in some of our newer products; the high-end QTof has a slightly higher cost that we're pulling back out. So there are a number of new product issues that did contribute a little bit to the lack of margin consistency, if you will, versus what you saw in the first half of the year, but the expectation really was to be at about 60%ish gross margin for the quarter and that was just based on the mix that we had expected that was, as I said, really significantly different only on the triple quadrupole.
John Ornell: Yeah, the percent that I gave you for each of the geographies was stripping currency out. So those would have been neutral from a currency perspective.
John Ornell: I'd say that, as we look at the basic comparison that we've been creating in 2010, we're looking at being able to continue to move products to Singapore. We have a transfer in place for the new TQ-S into Ireland. So, our traditional capabilities of being able to move higher volume products to our larger manufacturing facilities where we can gain some economy of scale will provide for our traditional 20 basis point improvement year-over-year. I'd say currencies where they are today, they stay where they are on a full year basis is likely to continue to be a bit of upside to that as well. So thinking of a modest expansion in gross margin as we look to next year would be my starting point based on what I see today.
