Chris O'Connell: Sure. Well, thank you very much Vijay for the comments and the question. And you're right. The heart of our strategy is really the R&D investment that has grown consistently at twice the rate of sales growth over the past five years and is now producing this really great stream of new products. And I made comments on the call not just on products that we have launched like BioAccord and Cyclic and some of the tandem quads last year, but also some new products that are coming into the market now like the Arc HPLC and other systems and more that's coming. So, we do have a lot of confidence in the new product pipeline. As it relates to the contribution, yes, you interpreted that correctly that in particular BioAccord and Cyclic have -- it really took a strong step forward in the second quarter with regard to orders and sales. I don't want to quantify that, but we're really, I think, coming into the power curve on those products and I feel good about our pipeline for the remainder of the year. I tried to comment that we do expect a continuation of positive progress in terms of impact of new products in the second half of the year and an increasing vitality index and an increasing overall contribution that we've seen in the second quarter and we expect to see in the second half. That said my comments on the market conditions of the second half are important because while we are seeing recovery in all of our geographies and end markets as you know there are a lot of puts and takes and there likely to be setbacks and so our assumptions don't assume everything just progresses on a straight line, we do assume different puts and takes and that everything doesn't go perfectly. And there is also the question of year-end budget flush and to what extent pharma in particular will release year-end budget. So, that's really the reason for our overall tone on modestly better market conditions. But from a new product standpoint, we believe that story is very much intact and actually getting more exciting.
Chris O'Connell: Sure. Sure. Thanks Derik. First part of your question there on Arc as you know we have a very, very strong installed base and franchise with the Alliance HPLC as well as with the ACQUITY UPLC of course on the higher end. And over the years, we've introduced intermediate technology in what you might call the UHPLC category and that's the Arc -- ACQUITY Arc platform. What we've done is built sort of a ground-up new sort of Arc range program, but targeted at the HPLC market which allows method transfer from any direction, but really a modern chassis and interface really in the heart of where the core business is. And so we think that's going to be a very important step forward in our core HPLC franchise. And will allow the seamless transition of that large Alliance base over time, both mixed and matched as well as new installs. So, a lot of the, a lot of the follow on innovation we've been doing in LC, in recent years has been more in the UPLC category. And we've had a lot of good refresh of the ACUITY line. And this is a very significant advancement, more in the heart of the traditional HPLC franchise, with whole method transfer in both directions.
Chris O'Connell: Yeah. And it's -- I mean again, this is -- that's true. But this is a broader-based product, more for the core Alliance space. It's also higher price than Alliance and has a number of key target applications in quality control laboratories, such as, batch release testing on small mole pharma. So this provides much greater coverage and ease of transition in that environment.
Chris O'Connell: Hey, Tycho, I think, I heard the gist of the question about the pace of the pharma recovery and projects across different sectors. I'll take a first crack at that. And then maybe you can follow-up and maybe get -- maybe your line will be a little better or my line there, as it may be. But yeah, pharma as I mentioned, let me just comment on, pharma, because pharma was our -- one of our better categories. And we've seen from the beginning has clearly been leading the recovery. Encouragingly, the recurring revenue, on a worldwide basis in pharma was positive in the quarter. And instruments were negative, but not as negative as the overall business. And so in that way we do see both the activity levels as well as the investment levels in pharma picking up. As I mentioned, we track our top global pharma accounts which are generally the largest multinationals. And they actually grew in the quarter and year-to-date. We also saw investment from CXOs. And even in markets like the U.S. they were a bit slower to recover in the quarter. Large molecule pharma was recovering more quickly, while we see some of that capital pause on the -- more on the small generic side. We've done a lot of research and surveying, if you will of our customer labs. And generally, labs or pharma labs are operating across the world at about two-thirds of their pre-COVID levels right now, but more than three-quarters of those labs expect to be more at normal levels sometime in the fall. Like I said, one thing we were really encouraged by particularly as we move through the quarter is that the chemistry revenues remained more resilient than we expected and service revenues were more solid than we expected. And so that to us indicates utilization of the base and pointing towards some investments later. We still think all the same things about underlying demand characteristics in small and large mol pharma for different reasons going into the future and are just positioning all of our new technology to take advantage of the continued recovery in pharma. I'd say, I'd point out in particular in China, we had strong recurring revenue growth in pharma even though instrument growth has been under some pressure. And Europe was also positive in terms of recurring revenue growth in pharma with U.S. slightly negative, but overall worldwide positive. So that's a pretty good indicator. And so maybe if there's something I missed about your question you can try another shot there.
Chris O'Connell: Yes. No, I don't think there's anything really to read into that. A lot of the cost savings in different functions reflect the labor savings component and R&D is obviously a very labor-intensive effort. And we actually feel like net-net, we improved our R&D pipeline, particularly in the near term, and there was nothing major from something in terms of what will affect revenue and our outlook that sort of came off the books, if you will. We were very efficient during this period, and it's not a mode you want to operate in on an ongoing basis, but our team really rallied, and like Sherry said, people are really excited to be back. waters_connect, you mentioned, is obviously a major software platform, and as I alluded to and even stated last quarter, the productivity of our software engineering has actually got up during COVID with remote work. And we continue to meet or exceed all milestones on the waters_connect platform and are really excited about what that means strategically for the company in the future.
Chris O'Connell: Great. Thanks, Steve, and I'll take the first one and then Sherry can take the second. So, China is a different environment, but is also one we obviously know very well. Historically, exactly what you described on the stimulus side, it's been a boon to the markets there. And what I would say, that a lot of our assumptions for the back half of the year do not anticipate a meaningful change or direct impact of that type of fiscal stimulus, if you will, or monetary stimulus. Obviously, the one factor that would be helpful, as we recover in China, would be for the government tendering to return to some normal activity, which certainly can be related to the stimulus. So that's the piece that's held us back in China. But a lot of the more tangible improvement in market conditions is related to the commercial sector, the business sector, if you will. And so, our assumptions in China just continue to call for that steady ramp back up of, not just customer openness, but customer activity level in the labs. And let me also clarify and answer the second part of that, on the GPO, just to be really clear what that is. The GPO now is now the common name that we use to refer to the 4+7 program. So the 4+7 competitive bidding process for generic drugs which began as a pilot program at the beginning of last year was originally called 4+7. Now it's commonly known as GPO and it has gone through several rounds. As you know there was a first national round or what some people called second round late in 2019, which was the same 25 drugs that had been through the pilot in the 11 4+7 cities. That extended to 27 provinces. And then, there was the third round, or what they call the second national GPO round, which happened earlier this year, actually in January, which extended to 25 new drugs in 32 provinces or all provinces and approximately double the value of total sales going through. As I've said many times, before we think this is a real positive long term in the sense that China is trying to scale its generic drug supply and give many more people access. So volumes are going up. There's been almost an inordinate profit pool there that is targeted. And even with GPO prices, the generic industry's profitability in China is now probably on par with the rest of the world, not ahead of the world. So we don't think it's devastating any way. In fact, we think it's very much in keeping with the economics of other health systems. And we've been on balance more successful with the winners of these tenders, since they've tended to be larger companies. And so, all of our beliefs about the GPO program, as it rolls forward and even reflects in provincial, kind of, systems remain. And we've seen the positivity in terms of our recurring revenue and believe that portends future rising demand for instruments. So anyway, I'll pause there on the GPO and hand it over to Sherry on the outlook for cost savings into the future.
Chris O'Connell: Sure Jack. Happy to take that. So capital equipment as we look at the quarter, we've modeled certain demand for instruments. We actually came in a little bit better than our model in the second quarter. And so conditions were slightly more favorable in the quarter relative to capital purchasing than we expected and we expect that to continue. And so, while we still see some year-over-year declines in capital spending in the back half of the year it's on a -- it should be on a much improved trajectory. And as I mentioned before here, the largest uncertainty on that as we look out into the rest of the year, its really around what year-end kind of budget activity looks like that typically we see in this industry. That's led by pharma. As I mentioned pharma instruments were better than the rest. But if you look at the industrial and academic side those have been held back in part because on the industrial labs. Particularly in the food and environmental area there's been less activity. Some of that's government activity which has been a little slower government and academic. And then generally the government and academic sector, while actually turning out better than we expected in the quarter is still curtailed by delays in university re-openings and restrictions to government funding particularly tender programs. So I think we're just stepping through this. We do expect modest improvement in that environment over the quarter with the caveat on the end of the year and we'll see how it plays out.
Chris O'Connell: Yes. Sure. That's a good one to close on because the strength of our chemistry franchise and that is a leading indicator on business coming back overall. So we actually headed into the quarter with an assumption on chemistry that we pretty handily beat. Our chemistry performance was actually quite a bit better in the quarter than we expected and that actually improved through the quarter a little bit, as I mentioned in one of the previous questions on gating. Our outlook for the remainder of the year assumes sort of the continuation of where we've been with a little bit of modest improvement. And certainly as we see more laboratory operations moving towards normalization, some of the assumptions that we made on volumes and then purchasing activity around customers should continue to sort of brighten as we move over the course of the quarter end and certainly could envision that particular type of category turning positive as we get towards the end of the year and in general with recurring revenue as well. So we do see sort of the lead back if you will to positivity and growth probably first showing itself through the chemistry line and the service line and could be -- could see that as we get towards the fourth quarter. So anyway we feel really good about that franchise and it is a bit of a leading indicator as to where the business is headed. So maybe I'll pause there Jack. I know we're a little bit over time so we have to wrap up the call.
Chris O'Connell: You got it. So thanks everybody for your great questions. In conclusion for the second quarter those sales in the overall first half of the year were negatively impacted by COVID-19 pandemic. Our team continued to execute well. We have seen an increasing contribution from new products and global market conditions improved more than we originally anticipated during the second quarter. So although the trajectory of the global COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain, we do expect market conditions to improve modestly in the second half of the year and as always remain sharply focused on executing on our primary growth strategy of organic innovation and we believe we're well positioned to leverage our significant new product pipeline as demand normalizes. So on behalf of the entire management team, I'd like to thank you for your continued support and interest in Waters. We look forward to updating you on our progress during our Q3, 2020 call which we currently anticipate holding on October 27, 2020. Thank you and have a great day.
Sherry Buck: Yes, Vijay. Just to provide some clarity on that. So, as you know we implemented a number of temporary cost actions earlier this year. Many of them were 90 days in alignment but we have about 60% of that that we achieved in the first half and 40% in the second half. And so we tried to give you some data points around the operating expenses. And so we're expecting on a full year a range of negative 1% to positive 1% kind of year-over-year full year on a constant currency basis. So, that's kind of the commentary around the operating expenses.
Sherry Buck: Yeah. Hi, Derik, so yeah, as we think about gross margins in the second half. And as you noted there, and in my prepared remarks we did get a lot of benefit from the cost actions. So, while we still do have some remaining cost actions, they won't be as significantly impacted in the second half. And gross margin really becomes more of a factor of our volumes mix, FX and fixed cost absorption. So, just maybe to look at our first half performance, our gross margins in Q1 were about 55%. Largely that was a pretty depressed gross margin from it being a small quarter. We had some fixed cost absorption and kind of a one-time FX translation. Our Q2 was at 59% and was probably higher, just driven by the benefit of our temporary cost actions. So, if I were to look at a full year gross margin, I would look at it between kind of that high and low of our Q1 and Q2.
Sherry Buck: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So if you look at the cost savings that we took against our original plan from the year, a lot of those had to do around actions around our salaries, hours and adjusting the workforce during this second quarter, where we were a little bit more challenged. The other buckets of our cost savings had to do with nondiscretionary travel, because the things were locked down. So I would say, in general, that we would expect these were temporary and that we would see these come back next year and normalize. Obviously, during this time, we've learned how to be more efficient and effective using digital and video and that type of thing. But I'd say, largely we'd expect these to come back next year.
Chris O’Connell: Yeah. You're right. About 70% of our business overall in pharma is small molecule and over 80% of all pharma business is either late-stage development or QA/QC. And then we do see opportunity there. I mean, we've been in a tough environment for the last year or so in some of that downstream environment where pharma investment has been tilted more towards the research development and discovery side. Some of the areas that we have our biggest areas of strength have been on balance less invested in. And so we think that there is pent-up demand building and that we're especially encouraged by the nice step forward in recurring revenues relative to our internal expectations in the quarter and expect some of that pattern to continue. So ultimately we know that volumes of large -- sorry -- of small molecule drugs are steadily marching forward around the world in the mid-single digits, and that ultimately will create demand on the instrument side. And we're -- as our strategy has been all along we want to meet that demand with a really refreshed new product line as it normalizes.
Chris O’Connell: Actually China exceeded our expectations Tycho in the quarter from overall revenue standpoint. You're right, about 90% of our pharma customers reported being open for business at the end of last quarter. That doesn't mean they're operating at 90% capacity, but their China customers continue to tick up. And so if I look at our first quarter and our second quarter on any metric whether it's total revenue or instrument revenue or recurring, they were all net positive moving in the right direction by a meaningful amount. And like I mentioned earlier on pharma recurring, China pharma recurring was up strong double digits and pharma overall recurring was up nearly double digits. So that recurring revenue service in chemistry piece was a helpful we think leading indicator of ultimately what will turn out to be instrument demand, although admittedly instrument demand continues to lag, although not nearly as impacted in Q2 as it was in Q1.
Chris O’Connell: Yeah. Doug I think that's a very fair question. And, obviously, it's hard to look out too far in the, kind of, environment we are in because things change on a day-to-day, week-to-week basis. And we're -- we -- I would say a lot of our thinking on the back half of the year is just that it's thinking about trends and dynamics over the course of the half. And we do expect better conditions in the second half versus the first which is why we expect continued positive progress forward. But obviously, we don't ever want to put together a model that assumes everything goes right and all the recoveries are on some kind of a straight line. There is also more uncertainty than usual on year-end budget release. And so even if you look at a quarter like fourth quarter of a year ago, there was some more typical year-end budget release-type activity. And we think that's probably something that is more at risk this year than typical years, but we'll just have to wait and see. Obviously, we have more visibility on Q3 than we do on Q4 at this point and we'll just continue to try to provide clarity on how we think that's going to shape up as we move through the year.
