Jeffrey A. Stoops: The -- yes. We are starting to see the impact of interest rate sum. It's certainly more on top of mind for us than I think some of the sellers would like, which isn't unusual. I mean, there's always that traditional lag as market dynamics change between the current state of affairs and sellers' expectations and buyers' desires. But we're obviously very mindful of what our cost of capital is, and we grow the company because, and only if, we believe it's going to be better for AFFO per share in the future than not doing a particular deal. So we do take into account all of that, Mike. But as with any other business, I would suspect that market changes, it takes a little bit of time to work itself through both buyer and seller expectations.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: In terms of the decommissioning, David, that is something that we actually began to plan around when we did the TowerCo acquisition. As we kind of thought through maximizing the portfolio, we did a lot of engineering work, a lot of our F-engineering [ph] work. And with a certain number of those towers that were single-tenant, iDEN-only towers, we concluded that we were better off, and it was our goal to actually decommission those towers, save the expenses. In some cases, there were -- particularly in a couple of spots in Southern California and other high land-cost areas, you had some very expensive ground rents. So this really was the -- this has been in the works in terms of planning for a while and is actually a big part of the underwriting of the TowerCo transaction. It also, of course, has application to our own towers. So -- I mean, I think you ought to look at it like -- there's 15,000 towers, the substantial majority of which are all very good and leasing up. Some are not. And if you have concluded, based on years of experience, that those are not, you think, going to lease up, you go ahead and cut your expenses and improve your tower cash flow.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. We'll have some SG&A pickup, but it will be relatively immaterial, certainly in relation to the amount of revenue and tower cash flow being added.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: The business case is primarily underwritten on wireless. But just like in the U.S., we will seek to serve and court any potential user of those towers.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, there would be nothing covered under any MLA that we have on new collocations. The 2 MLAs that we have, 1 with Sprint and 1 with T-Mobile, deal with amendments; or in Sprint's case, the wholesale change-out of their CDMA into their Network Vision project. And it's an amount of activity that is specified by its -- limited in scope to the amount of equipment that both those companies can add in exchange for an increase in rents. And our historical position on MLAs really hasn't changed. If we can quantify and limit the amount of additional equipment that a customer would like to have subject to an MLA and we could price it appropriately, we're fine with that and as evidenced by what we did with Sprint and T-Mobile. The types of MLAs that we have avoided, and I think we'll continue to avoid, are those that are unlimited in the amount of additional equipment that may be added at a particular mounting height.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. I think as we had done a couple of years ago, when we didn't see relatively attractive M&A opportunities relative to our own stock price, we bought back a lot of stock. In 2011, I believe that was -- maybe '10. And we'll do the same, Rick, I mean, it's kind of a constant balance of where the stock price is versus where we think we can deploy additional capital for portfolio growth at what prices. So it's a constant mix. I think we will want to stay fully invested to our target leverage amounts. We will continue to evaluate those, if, in fact, we reach the conclusion, which we have come nowhere close to reaching, that our future investment is primarily stock repurchases versus portfolio growth. But I think we're a long way away from that. I think it's safe to assume, while we won't top off the capital structure, the desired capital structure every quarter, I think you should expect that over time, we will stay in that 7 to 7.5 turns of leverage, and we're going to do it, hopefully, first through buying good towers and building good towers, but if not, through stock repurchases.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It's a combination of things. I mean, a lot of it is -- sometimes, you just hand it over to the landowner, at which event, there is no cost. Sometimes, you take it down to the foundation. In a few cases, you have to take it actually a little bit into the ground, and it's all very situation-specific. But in general, all those costs are run through our asset impairment line, which you see in Q2 was much bigger than it was a year ago.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. I think on a carrier-by-carrier basis, Jonathan, we are probably about -- well, on the aggregate, we're about at the 50% mark with, I would say, Verizon being ahead of that; AT&T being -- I'm just speaking, of course, on our towers only, I'm not speaking to where they are in terms of their entire network. I don't know that. But on our towers, it would be -- Verizon would be higher than that. AT&T would be about at those levels. Sprint's probably about at that now. They've done a lot on Network Vision over the last 2 quarters, and T-Mobile would be behind that. So we still have a ways to go. Although in terms of incremental revenue added, if you just take the amount of new revenue that came from amendments and leases, you add it together, the -- while the percentage is still on the majority side for amendments, it actually grew 10% in Q2, more for leases. So leases are starting to close the gap in terms of their revenue contribution, in terms of new activity added, which is good. I mean, that's really what we were expecting. It was a big driver, of course, behind our 2 big deals last year, that we believe that cell splitting would be the next phase of activity, and we are seeing tangible real evidence of that now. In terms of the future, I think you don't have to obviously do as many leases as you do amendments to produce the same amount of revenue growth. I kind of think about it as it will be a elongation and a perpetuation of the good leasing growth that we've had over the last several years. You'll see strong, I think, revenue adds organically from this activity. You'll start to see tenants per tower grow, which you haven't seen a lot in this primarily LTE amendment world that we've lived in now for the last couple of years. And I think that the unit economics will continue to rise on the lease side, because what we are seeing is that our customers are adding -- they're coming to us and requesting more equipment for new macro sites than we have ever seen before.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It's about 2.0, 2.1, and that will be diluted somewhat by the Oi transaction. But that's where we are today.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I think, Simon, the -- your point is we accept it more at the unsecured level in the high-yield market. In the CMBS market, we've done a lot -- we've been active in that over the years and done a lot of historical analysis. And to stay in that market in a succession of 5-year -- basically refinancings, the long rates would have to move tremendously given the big difference between 5- and 10-year rates in that market for it to have ever made sense to go entirely long in that market. But I think that, that reflects the secured kind of highly-rated nature of that market versus the high-yield market.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. On the 2.5G rollout, Jason, the -- a lot of it will depend on where Sprint is on our particular towers with -- in terms of their permitted Network Vision load. And in some cases, they've used up their permitted load, which will result in additional leasing revenue to us for the addition of the 2.5G equipment. And where they can squeeze it in to their existing load it won't, because it's all kind of -- it's all dictated around the prescribed equipment levels that are in our deal with Sprint. Now what was said the other day by the Sprint folks was that they not only will hit all of their Network Vision sites, but go well beyond that, given the propagation characteristics of the 2.5G. Now obviously, that's a brand-new lease. I would imagine that -- well, I don't know. But it would make sense for Sprint to -- if they're going to deploy 2.5G on more sites, that they would add the full complement of equipment to handle voice and make the most out of that cell site. So it could have some great revenue opportunities for us beyond what we've already kind of agreed to with Sprint on the Network Vision side. On the services side, it will have a very big benefit because that will also be work that comes to us on the services side on our towers. So that's going to be a big contributor, we think, in 2014. In terms of the services margins, I mean, I don't know that they're going to keep going up. They've kind of been pleasantly surprising to us for over the last couple of quarters. But we do have enough work backlog mandated to us that I think you should expect for a very healthy second half of the year in services. And given the work that will spill over and this 2.5G work that I don't believe will really even -- it may hit some in the fourth quarter, but it will be primarily a 2014 event. Yes, I think we're looking at some sustained period of time where we have some very, very good services contributions.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No. I mean, everything that we would add to these towers, you would -- you're going to see the typical 90%-plus drop-down to tower cash flow.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: There is a -- Oi -- the towers are tied to Oi's wireline concession, which is up for renewal in 2025.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. We continue to see and field a lot of inquiries from our customers as to small cell deployments on our existing towers and rooftops. There has not been a lot of activity yet. I believe there's a lot of issues that are still being worked out in terms of equipment, backhaul power connections, but it is a topic that is having a lot of time spent on it by our customers. And I think it will be a contributor to our business in years to come. But in terms of its contribution so far this year, there really has not been any.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: None, really. None. We haven't taken into account anything beyond the base Network Vision deal that we got 1.5 years ago. So all that, Jonathan, to the extent it comes to pass, will be upside. I mean, we haven't -- and I'm not -- while we will get our fair share, I'm not sure, even if we knew it today specifically, that it would be a 2013 item. But to answer the question, none -- to the answer to your question, none of that is in our 2013 number.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. Amendment rates have been ticking up, reflecting greater equipment requests and loads from our customers. And compared to where we thought things would be several years ago, there -- particularly when some of these master agreements were being discussed, they're well above those levels. Currently, they're well above those levels.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It's primarily around tower climbers. There is a shortage today relative to the work that's available today of tower climbers. So what it does is it generally pushes projects back. I mean, we've factored all that into our outlook, so I don't think that our outlook is at risk because of that condition. But I do think it will cause activity levels on both the leasing and the services side to spill over into 2014, which is one of the factors that drives our optimism around the future as well.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we agree with you. And we find ourself in that position today in Brazil with our Oi transaction. We think our entry point on a converted U.S. dollar to Brazilian reai basis is very attractive today. From an ongoing perspective, our plans are to keep the cash in Brazil for the foreseeable future to grow the business. Now the real issue will be what point in time and when do we want to convert those reais back into U.S. dollars, and where will the exchange rate be at that time? That, I suspect, will be many years off and will be a topic of continued analysis and planning here. But it's a very good time, I think, given the long-term prospects of Brazil and some of the short-term pressures that I think are causing exchange rates to be what they are today, to be an investor of U.S. dollars into Brazil. So we're very pleased to have that opportunity.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we're always looking. We like to hear -- we like to meet our annual 5% to 10% portfolio goal. We'll do it again this year, and we'll be looking to do it again next year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I think the latter is definitely true, Kevin. If you look at the -- I mean, some of the risks and the negatives you mentioned, I mean, none of them are present with the Oi transaction. If you looked at what we're paying and the revenues and the tower cash flows to be generated, that's a -- on a standalone basis, that's a hugely accretive transaction to us immediately. So we really think that's a very good example of buying right and taking advantage of current exchange rates. But having said that, we do generally apply a 500-basis-point increased return requirement for our Latin American investments. And we believe that, that is an appropriate spread to U.S. investing, to take into account the risks of international investing, at least in the markets that we're focused on.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: A lot of questions there. We will have some more decommissionings going forward. Not sure how many and exactly when, but there will be some more as we continue to analyze and make appropriate culls to the portfolio. On the Oi transaction, the difference between Vivo and Oi is largely the rights structure. We don't really see any difference in the revenue growth on those towers. And -- that was 2. I know there were a couple of other questions in there. I apologize.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Great. Well, listen. We appreciate everyone's time and attention this morning, and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in the future. Thank you.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, David. With regards to the M&A, as we mentioned in the press release and on the call, the substantial majority of what we have under contract is not actually contributing anything to our second half of the year guidance. In fact, the M&A contribution to EBITDA for the second half of the year is less than $0.5 million. So when you look at deals like Oi, for instance, which is obviously the biggest thing that we have under contract, there's no operational contribution from Oi to any of our guidance number -- numbers, with the exception, obviously, of the CapEx number. With regard to the iDEN impact, we had previously been assuming the worst-case scenario in terms of what it would do to our second half of the year guidance. As we've gotten some actual notifications from Sprint as to which leases they'd be terminating, those numbers are a little bit better than that. Basically, for the second half of the year, we're picking up approximately $1 million or so improvement versus what we had previously guided to, based on the actual leases that they're terminating versus the ones we had assumed.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes. We are expecting -- each quarter, Sprint has the right to terminate up to 180 leases, and we would expect that they will terminate another 180 in the fourth quarter, which would represent approximately $1.5 million sequentially down.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And just to be clear on that, Rick, that line, which is actually labeled Asset Impairment and Decommissioning Costs, so you can see that clearly, is not only the actual cash cost of taking down towers to the extent that we need to do that, but it includes the write-off of any carrying value associated with those towers on the books. So some of that is just a book write-off as opposed to a...
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, sure. I mean, there is certainly -- potentially some benefit at the right trade-off. If you look at the most recent financing that we just did in April, the average life on the securities that we issued was over 7 years, I believe, or 7.2 years for fixed rate debt at a cost of about 3.25% fixed. So we did, in fact, think about that when we did that issuance. There was some 10-year paper issued there. And so we will continue to look at balancing tenure with rates and try to make the best decision possible when trading that off.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, we don't -- we really don't expect any impact from an AT&T/Leap merger to our 2014 numbers. We obviously haven't given any 2014 guidance, and we can cover that when we do. But given that, that deal is not happening, given the fact that the overlap exposure is approximately 75 basis points of our total rent leasing revenue associated with Leap on sites where they overlap with AT&T, any impact would be very immaterial.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes. We -- I mean, at this point, we have plenty of liquidity between the cash on hand and the availability under the revolver. The full revolver is available to us. So the largest outflow that we have ahead of us is for the Oi transaction, and we may have to dip into the revolver to handle that. But between cash flow from operations, cash on hand and the revolver, we do not have to do another financing.
Amir Rozwadowski: One other commentary -- some of the commentary that came out of your prepared remarks was that there does seem to be some level of capacity constraints by personnel issues, in terms of being able to meet some of the demand out there. I was wondering if you could provide some color around that and if you see any easing going into the back half of the year, where you do expect to see sort of improved demand.
Amir Rozwadowski: Okay. Yes, yes, yes. I just wanted to get a little bit of color in terms of -- it seems like this does provide a fair bit of visibility in terms of the projects that should roll into 2014, which I suspect supports your strong growth expectations.
Amir Rozwadowski: Okay. And then in terms of portfolio growth, I know you had mentioned that there is some impact relative to interest rates in some of the valuations for some of the assets that you folks are looking at. I was also wondering how you guys consider sort of fluctuations in currency at the moment. We've clearly seen some volatile markets, and one could argue that, that could provide an attractive entry point for you folks when looking at some of these assets abroad. I'd love to hear sort of your thought process around that.
