Jeffrey Stoops: Well, thanks, David. I hope you are well, you and your family. We know DISH is for real. They are extremely committed to this undertaking. There's a tremendous amount at stake and at-risk for Mr. Ergen and his shareholders, if they are not successful and they are certainly pursuing it in every way, shape and form to our visibility to be successful. We're very, very, very involved with them in all kinds of conversations. Recall from their prior disclosures that they expect this year to be a very, very big planning year with deployments really to commence next year.  So based on those comments, we have not included virtually anything in our leasing guidance and perhaps very little in our services guidance, but that does not mean that work relationships are not quite good and quite voluminous between the companies. And I wouldn't bet against him.
Jeffrey Stoops: We really didn't know. But now we have a lot greater visibility. And I think what we're seeing is that based on where both companies were, particularly with Sprint with their already somewhat deployed 2.5 G that will be the markets that T-Mobile will quickly gravitate to launch first because it's logical, and it just makes sense. So I don't know that there's any surprises there as much, David, as there is now starting to be some clarity.
Jeffrey Stoops: I think what we're experiencing so far, and again, none of it is COVID -- well, it is COVID-related, but none of it's material. Everything just seems to take a little bit longer. And when we talk about basically doubling the size of the industry's work with the T-Mobile stuff getting really cranked up, just hard for us to just think that there's not going to be some COVID-19 slowdowns. I can't name them all today, but it's just -- there has to be, right? So -- and the rest of the services thing was -- I mean if you look at our first quarter numbers, and it's going to be the same in the first -- in the second quarter, it's was somewhat behind where we thought it was going to be.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I'm going to give some high-level comments, and I'm going to let Brendan give you some more detail. I mean, recall, Spencer, the way we report that metric, it's a trailing 12 and when Sprint/T-Mobile DISH pulled back, it was like August, September. So you had -- from September on, you had very reduced activity. You had it again in -- you had nothing basically from those guys in Q1. And you won't have really anything from them in Q2. So there's 3 quarters right there that do the kind of -- run the mental mathematical gyrations, and you'll see where things should trough out and then where they should begin to pick up again. So Brendan, do you want to hazard a guess as to exit rates? I'm not sure we want to do that.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, when we didn't really have anything from T-Mobile and Sprint, it mathematically made up a better percentage of the quarterly pie, Simon, than it typically would. Now I do think there will be some continued activity from those carriers, but I do think it will also decline just because of the law of larger numbers as you see more of the T-Mobile activity come in through the year.  CBRS, I think, is primarily going to be mostly at in-building phenomena, but we are having some conversations with not only traditional wireless providers, but also cable companies about macro installations. But as between the 2 auctions, CBRS versus C-band, I think it's without question going to be a more exciting and more activity producing auction for us with respect to the C band.
Jeffrey Stoops: It's typical of both, and it does imply that we do the work on our own towers when it comes to amendments or co-locations.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, recall that's a financial -- recall that's a financial number, not an operational number. So operationally, we expect to be extremely busy but those are -- go ahead, Brendan.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. Well, it is starting. It could go quick. Sprint did have -- I won't say a fair amount, but they do have some 2.5G out there already. I don't know if it's enough. It's certainly not enough to cover a nationwide iPhone launch. But I mean it -- I think the main thing to keep in mind, Walt, is the numbers that you read are financial -- they come off the financials. But when we talk about pickups and activity, that's the stuff, that's the signing and the dirt being turned and things like that. And the financial results trail all that stuff.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, we got a lot to do. We exceeded -- got close to 10% at the end of last year. So we've kind of started off with some lower levels of activity. And you could see where those numbers are now. There's plenty of stuff out there, Nick, and that continues to be our goal. I don't think we will repeat last year's percentage levels, which I believe were close to 10%. But we're still shooting for at least the 5%, and there's enough out there to be done. But like we always do, we want the right assets.
Jeffrey Stoops: That is one, probably more visible aspect of COVID-19 than perhaps -- that new builds, I mean, a lot of the land purchase things require notorization. Well, you can't leave your house, you can't get things notarized. So that's a very tangible area of the business that has seen some delays. And just to add in. Internationally, most of those deals require an in-person negotiation with the landowners, and that obviously is being limited as well. So it definitely is having an impact.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. Our leases are spectrum specific, Mike. But given why that spectrum is going to be provided in times of a national emergency and to be used to help us all get through this. Provided that's what it's being used for, and it goes back at some point. I don't know that we're going to charge for that. Now if it requires additional equipment to be utilized in new radios and new antennas. But if it's just to help people get through, and there's no new equipment required, even though we could charge for it, we're probably not going to charge for that.  In terms of foreign currency, we have spent many sleepless nights looking for P&L hedges, but they are -- they are cost prohibitive. The only real hedges that work are when you are purchasing an asset in advance, you can hedge your dollars going in. And then the other hedges to borrow in local currency. But in terms of what I think you're talking about looking for to purchase a P&L hedge, there is not one out there that is -- makes cost sense.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. We continue to adopt increasingly higher foreign exchange hurdles as part of our modeling components.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I don't want to -- I don't want to over -- your comment, I think, overemphasizes the I hope I didn't convey that there's been too much of a slowdown because there really hasn't been so far. There's been little delays here and there. But there would be, I think, some potential -- much more larger difficulties in trying to execute an M&A deal in a new market in a geography where we've never been before. I mean some of these states are on lockdown and not allowing travelers to go into these countries. So when that -- I mean obviously, those things have to change before you would be able to even embark upon anything like that.  So I think there are just some practical limitations, which I don't think should surprise anybody who's been watching what's going on. That are going to be a little different this year until this situation all has a little bit more clarity, which will make the typical year of M&A a little more challenging for everybody than naught.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I want to thank everyone for dialing in from probably their homes. And I do want to convey that our thoughts and our efforts are with the safety, not only here of our team members and our customers, but all of you out there on the call be safe, be well, and we look forward to speaking with you on our next call. Thank you very much.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, we have MLAs in place with both T-Mobile and Sprint, which continue to be in place. Now I don't know that they're entirely perfect or totally all covering the things that now need to be covered, but they do cover quite a bit. So the answer is no. We don't need any of that to do the things that we've reflected in our outlook.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, it could be done a lot quicker than that. Yes, I would certainly think it would be months and not quarters.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. No, I don't think so. I mean, I think you've already suggested spencer that you've calculated based on the revenue bridge and our supplemental package, what the full year number is. And if you're looking at it domestically, that number is lower than what we reported for the first quarter. And that's because you will see a lot of the impact that Jeff was just talking about that's happening in the first quarter and into the second quarter, it will continue to drive a trailing 12 months number down, even though we expect activity levels from a leasing standpoint to pick up in the second half of the year, the financial impact of that will not be felt until we get to next year. So I think you should assume that the exit rate is somewhere around what we have projected there for the full year, maybe slightly below that, actually, but accelerating from that point forward would be our expectation.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. You should expect that it will continue to decline, because that's, again, a trailing 12-month number as well. So it will continue to step down because there's not that much left. We've probably got about $4 million or so of annualized revenue from them that we expect to churn off over the next few quarters, I'd say. So it's stepping down already. So that percentage will be lower by the end of the year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. But we -- if you look at that, obviously, it implies that, that number goes down. And again, that's trailing 12 months. So if you calculate it out for the balance of the year, we're expecting that 7.6% to be lower in future quarters. And it is lower than it was -- that is a step down. In the fourth quarter, that gross number was 8.2%, and I think the quarter before that was 8.6%. So it's stepping down basically based on what we've seen since mid third quarter last year, which was kind of a stop by T-Mobile, in particular.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean, where Jeff is going, they don't commence until later. You said in the third and fourth quarter. But we're just now starting to have activity pick back up with them. We've not been signing anything with T-Mobile basically year-to-date, including going back a quarter and a half of last year. So all the things that start to happen now, even if we become very busy from this point forward and you layer on a commencement date to that, that's typically several months after it's signed up. It's very limiting in its impact for this year. But we do it--.
Brendan Cavanagh: I mean, listen, it could be. They could be more aggressive and faster than what it's historically been, but we're not projecting that because we don't have that -- any evidence of that at this point in terms of a timing.
Brendan Cavanagh: It usually commences paying once they've installed and turned it on usually when they usually sync up. It doesn't always work that way. It could be that they are paying earlier because there's a drop-dead date. But typically, those 2 things align.
Brendan Cavanagh: We do try to -- at this time, there's limited repatriation of money, and we are -- where we see opportunities trying to invest the cash flows that are being generated in these markets back into those markets. So with that, it's not really costing us at this point. It certainly is costing us in terms of what we report. But as Jeff said, it's somewhat cost prohibitive for what is basically fixing a paper loss right now.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Colby, on the guidance changes, so net of the FX, there is an increase to several of our metrics that we guide to, including leasing revenue. And the organic lease-up we did reduce slightly. The increases as a result of some of the other things, particularly in the first quarter, we had a strong out-performance in a variety of things, including certain onetime fees, and out-of-period billings, those sorts of things that were higher than expected. So that allowed us to increase the guidance for the full year, net of it.
Brendan Cavanagh: No. I mean we always have some of that stuff every quarter. And so one of the challenges is certainly for us to pinpoint exactly what it's going to be because it's not the typical recurring monthly payments that we get under the leases, which is the majority of our revenue. But there will be some amount of it, whether our assumptions in the first quarter were a little bit low, and it continues a little bit higher or that's the new normal, I don't know yet. But I think if you're modeling it out and you keep it in the same ballpark as what we saw in the first quarter, you'd be okay.  And then on the churn side, there wasn't really a material shift in the non-big 3 churn from what we talked about last quarter. In fact, our reported numbers, I think, quarter-over-quarter were very similar. They were flat.
Walter Piecyk: I guess you called new leasing activity, the 7.6% growth number, Jeff, that actually, based on how we -- I guess we do our math, seems like it didn't drop that much relative to kind of the lack of activity we've been talking about for the last 6 to 9 months. Are you still expecting only, I think, what was the last guidance, $49 million of new lease activity in 2020? Because it seems like -- I mean I think there's some differences in how we do our math versus you, but it seems like your rate would be higher than that for the year. Even if it drops a little bit in the June quarter, if it builds in the September, December quarter based on TMO activity, that you can do better than that, the 49 that I think you talked about in February.
Walter Piecyk: Sorry, I didn't see Joe's notation here. You're right. He has one [indiscernible] of -- yes, so even more so than, like how is it going to be 47 when you started the year at a 7.6% growth rate based on that 3.37% number last year, that's like a 14, 15 a quarter.
Walter Piecyk: So aside from law of large numbers and everything else, though, let's say, it steps down next quarter, whatever, $10 million. But by the September and December quarter, you should be executing on the activity that T-Mobile is delivering to you today, right? So again, I think it's -- it feels like it's hard to get to only 47 for the year.
