Jeff Stoops: Hey, John, it's Jeff. We are open and willing and have in the past entered into MLAs. It's entirely term and transaction specific. And we have no issues with entering into one and have in fact as you know entered into MLAs in the past with both T-Mobile and Sprint. And in terms of the small cells and DAS, we have a growing line of business here, which we call our exclusive asset or exclusive real estate business where we focused on unique and underlying pieces of real estate that we think have very unique attributes and we are developing alternate to macro uses in these facilities, whether it be DAS or small cells or in the future we're focused on CBRS potentials. And those will most certainly be in our site lease and are today – a little bit immaterial today. And as they grow, they will be in the site leasing line of our income statement. We have some actual pretty neat facilities today. Again, they're immaterial, but we have some hospital chains. We actually manage and own the DAS system inside the Macy's Herald Square building.
Jeff Stoops: Well, they're very active. They're signing leases. They have a strong backlog of applications. They are – from all intents and purposes based on what we can tell, they are firmly committed to a very active 2019.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, on the infrastructure question, Batya, I think the fact that they've emerged and have been seeing in processes and been the winner in those processes which really hadn't seen really heretofore shows that they are a factor in valuation. And I think that's really a function of the time horizon that they apply to their decision-making and also, of course, the return requirements that they're underwriting to. And really my comments are – they're pretty straightforward. There's a whole new asset class out there of investor that is looking at things that is finding value at multiples or assets that I know are nearly as good SBA's at much higher values and we certainly take a lot of optimism from things like that.
Jeff Stoops: It's mostly indoor but it will be outdoor when it can meet the exclusive attributes we're looking for. But you should assume that that would be kind of limited in its application.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I think they're looking at AFFO, but they're also looking at true cash – true cash generation. And so I think they're probably looking at that and basically the real cash that's there for distribution, which is the way we've always run the business.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I'll start with the second one first. I'm not sure that we're not doing that through the securitization. So, if we ever did need equity financing, I have no doubt that that type of thing would be available. But as you know, we've been equity reducers and not equity expanders. But I have no doubt that should we find something that would cause us to want to issue equity for an opportunity that that source would be there. In terms of the visibility, we do have much greater visibility frankly because a lot of the projects that are under way today hadn't really started this time last year. And basically everything that's going on now as the calendar turned, you'd have the typical beginning-of-the-year hesitation or pause that's so very typical with our customers. So we did have greater visibility, but you still have the same limited duration of visibility, which lasts about six months. So we hit the ground running in January 1, but we still can only see about six months out. But in terms of seeing the activity levels, they're just much greater than they were at this time a year ago.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And there's nothing out in the market, Simon, that has impacted our pricing decisions. They've been fairly consistent for years now.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I would say more cruising altitude type, Spencer, maybe with slight variations, but we've reached good strong levels of operational conversion of that backlog but it continues to replenish itself.
Jeff Stoops: Well, remember, we only guide to what we have signed up. So it's purely a function of what's under contract. So you should never think that that's a reflection of what the market may bring our way. And there's – there will be the same I think level of opportunities out there that will give us a chance to spend a lot more capital if we see the right deals. But what we have in there is just a function of what's signed up today and I do think there'll be a lot of other things to look at. Now whether we find them acceptable and good returns on where we want to spend our money or not is yet to be seen.
Jeff Stoops: Was there anything left on the table? We could always – I'm never happy, Walter. I always want more. But yes, I thought we did OK. I mean the way things happen in reality is there's a lot of things that looks like it's going to get signed up but then for one reason or another it slips. But that's life.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we don't really want to comment that specifically. But in general, our theory which kind of goes through the comments that I made to John Atkins and Ric Prentiss is we're looking to expand the things that we do but in areas that we call exclusive real estate that will have some barriers to entry and our ability to control our destiny going forward. So, I'll leave it up to you to decide how interested we would be in that asset.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. On the FirstNet then called the I – I mean they're pretty busy and it's hard for me to judge exactly where they are in the process, but I still think there's a long way to go. I think activity goes well into 2020 there. And on the – we continue to believe that if T-Mobile were approved to acquire Sprint that initially the activity levels would revolve around T-Mobile leading to bring on equipment to allow the migration of the Sprint subscribers over to the T-Mobile network. So you're going to have some positive amendments for the industry before you have any kind of decline through for decommissionings and that should be a multi-year period. And we continue to think that that's how it goes.
Jeff Stoops: I mean, at the broadest level, we would agree to any MLA that makes good sense for both parties. We have no religious or political objections to MLAs.
Brendan Cavanagh: Hey, Nick, it's Brendan. It is similar to what the fourth quarter contribution is, but again, it is driven by activity. As we talked about in the past, you have leasing activity that when you sign stuff up and there is some delay in the timing on when it kind of kicks in. So a decent percentage of our guidance is obviously based on stuff that we already know, what's already been signed up in the second half of the year. So I'm pretty confident that we'll see similar levels to the end of the year as we get to the first half of the year, maybe even slightly higher. It's hard to say for sure whether the cadence changes at all in the back half of the year, but I would expect it to be a little bit flatter than it was during 2018.
Brendan Cavanagh: Hi, Batya. On the churn questions, Metro, Leap and Clearwire as we said has about $11 million of annualized churn, but we have not yet received any notification. In pacing, I would expect it's going to take place over the next two years. Hard to say what the exact time it will be but based on our expectations, we'll see it fairly evenly over that time period, maybe a little bit heavier in 2019, but it's not that noticeable. On the iDEN side, we had some leftover iDEN leases from the TowerCo deal that expired October 1, 2018. So the vast majority of the iDEN impact has already taken place. But in our year – from a year-over-year standpoint, you see most of that impact in 2019, because it happened later in the year. And on the other churn, it's hard to say whether it will be at the high end or the middle of that range or the low end of it, as some of our assumptions or estimates we're making around churn has not actually been realized yet. We haven't received any notifications. But if anything, it's really just a timing issue when we receive a particular notice, when there's a particular firm end date, that kind of thing. So it's possible that it would be toward the high-end of the 1% to 1.5%, but it's just as easily be toward the lower half.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean, there's not anything that I would point to as being a specific item. We saw – we had some legacy leases with one particular carrier, where they actually were never on air. And so we saw some notifications I think where they have decided to clean up some of that or maybe they made a poor decision five years ago. So the timing of that may cause it to be a little bit higher. A lot of the churn that we're seeing, I'm talking about domestically obviously – specifically, is related to narrowband tenants. So the timing of when those guys are going to close up shop or cancel leases, it's a little hard for us to peg down, but it can happen in waves. So, that's all I can really say about it is that it's a matter of timing and a specific customer can kind of ship things one way or the other.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Simon, on the NOLs, our current federal NOLs as of the end of the year for the REIT structure are about $755 million. We do have additional NOLs, just as a side note of little over $100 million for our TRS entities. Our expected timing is similar to what it's been in the past in terms of running through those NOLs, which would be mid-2021. As of right now, our intention is to continue to use those NOLs for paying the dividend.
Brendan Cavanagh: I mean the other thing about that Walter is that that $13 million of growth that you're referring to is the revenue growth into the quarter. A lot of that was kind of rebate based on the stuff that was signed before. I mean really we're just going is what did we sign up during the quarter and do we sign up as much as we would like to? And obviously we always like to sign up more, which would benefit us in the future quarters.
