Mark DeRussy: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for SBA's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we will discuss in this call is forward-looking, including, but not limited to, any guidance for 2013 and beyond. These forward-looking statements may be affected by the risks and uncertainties in our business. Everything we say here today is qualified in its entirety by cautionary statements and risk factors set forth in last night's press release and our SEC filings, which documents are publicly available. These factors and others have affected historical results, may affect future results and may cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we may make. Our statements are as of today, February 22, 2013, and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statement we may make. Our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures as defined in Regulation G. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other information required by Regulation G has been posted to our website, www.sbasite.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brendan to comment on our fourth quarter results.
Mark DeRussy: Thanks, Brendan. SBA ended the quarter with $5.4 billion of total debt. We had cash and cash equivalents, short-term restricted cash, short-term investments of $266.3 million, resulting in net debt of $5.2 billion. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 7.3x, which is squarely within our target leverage range of 7x to 7.5x. Pro forma for the Brazilian acquisition, our leverage at year end would have been 7.5x. Our fourth quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 3x. Our revolver balance at the end of the year was $100 million, which we borrowed for the Brazilian acquisition. Our available committed capacity was $630 million, pro forma for an increase in commitments from $700 million to $730 million that occurred early in 2013. During the quarter, we repurchased 66.2 million in principal of our 1.875% convertible notes and privately negotiated transactions for $107.5 million in cash. The notes will mature on May 1 of this year, and we have formally elected to settle both the principal and associated premium in cash. Our total remaining settlement obligation is approximately $615 million net of hedges, prior conversions and assuming a hypothetical stock price of $70 a share. We expect to fund this maturity with a combination of cash on hand and proceeds from future secured debt financings, which we believe will give us an opportunity to borrow at lower rates and to extend the tenor of our debt maturities. As of the end of the fourth quarter, our debt had a weighted average annual cash coupon of 4.3% and a weighted average remaining maturity of 4.6 years. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the quarter and currently have $150 million remaining under our existing $300 million authorization. We continue to view stock repurchases as an opportunistic rather than systematic allocation of capital. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark DeRussy: Well, for us not to benefit from that, all the things that you talked about would have to fit within the existing RAD centers and the existing prescribed equipment specifications that we have agreed to. Based on everything I know, and there's a lot that I don't know about exactly how those items will be deployed, so I think it's still yet to come, I think it's very unlikely that those types of deployments will be able to be fit within the existing entitlements. But obviously, that means an opportunity for us for additional rent.
Mark DeRussy: If you look at our buckets of expense, David, the cost of site leasing revenue is the largest, and there's not really much inflationary pressure there. Another good chunk, although this would be third after interest expense, would be our SG&A. And that -- we would have some ability -- that's more of a variable cost that we could work on if we needed to. And then there's our interest rate -- expense, which we will continue to be thoughtful around and opportunistic around. And as I've said all along, one of the factors that causes us to be comfortable in the 7x to 7.5x terms of leverage is the current interest rate in the immediately foreseeable interest rate environment. I mean, if things were to change dramatically there, we would have the ability to take leverage down.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, internationally, the lease-up that we've assumed and have been experiencing, Jonathan, is similar, although it's coming from different places. Internationally, it's more new leases. In the U.S., it's more amendments. But in terms of the revenue contribution per tower, it's similar. I believe there's going to be a lot of international acquisition opportunities for the next several years. You're starting to see international carriers become more comfortable with and embracing the outsourcing of their infrastructure and selling assets. Obviously, that's how we got into Brazil. That's how we got a lot of the towers in Central America. Some of our peers have had similar experiences with carrier divestitures. So I think it has the potential to be very active, and we'll be watching and looking closely and picking our spots.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It's actually in the press release, Jonathan that we've assumed a BRL 2.0 to USD 1 as of now. I realize the real strengthened slightly from that level, but for now, that's what we're assuming.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We're building a team. We have more work to do. We have assumed an incremental SG&A burden of about $2 million to $3 million for Brazil. We're not spending that kind of money today because we're not fully staffed up, but that would be the kind of the run rate that we would expect from that. And if we were to step up to that level of back office, we would have substantial additional operational capabilities down there.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, there has been some headlines on the movement of the treasury. The way that the financing, that we source works is really a combination of 2 things. It's the base rate and then it's the spread. And spreads continue to be wide by historical standards. And the investment community is really looking for an all-in yield so that there is room, as base rates rise, for spreads to contract, and everybody still get where they want to be. So we feel particularly good about what we're going to be doing this year. And I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but by the next time we speak with our first quarter results, we'll have done what we're going to do, at least that's the plan. So while it's -- we're watching it, and obviously, it impacts companies like ourselves, which are fundamentally real estate-based companies that as you move farther and farther down the acceptance of AFFO per share, it's going to be impacted by interest rates. So we understand that, and our job is to be thoughtful and opportunistic around capital structure to continue to source debt that makes sense for us at the lowest rates possible with the best certainty and laddering maturities and all that stuff. What has happened in the last month or 2 has not impacted our thoughts at all around continued growth ability.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: And also, Clearwire mentioned the other day on their call, they think some of the stuff might have to start happening at lower heights because of the densification of these networks.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, correct me if I'm wrong, Brendan, but the Sprint MLA gives us about 9 years. The T-Mobile gives us about 7. We do not have an MLA with Metro, so it kind of falls as other non-MLA type customers do. So there's probably about 3 years on average left of term there. Metro, as of year-end, was about 3% of our site leasing revenue, and that number is moving down because everything else is moving up over the course of the year. So we're not too worried about it, David.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: That's a good question, Simon. And I'll tackle the last one first. If you noticed, we have not increased our international or our overall newbuild targets from the last time we put out guidance. And that really leaves us room to take the rest of this year, although that's not our goal in Brazil to get newbuilds cranked up. So we were hopeful -- we are not positioned today to go out and make a full-scale assault on it, but I do believe in a quarter or so, we will be so that we do have some opportunity for some upside there on the newbuilds in Brazil, which frankly, our outlook today does not include any of those in 2013, although long term, that's the primary reason we are attracted to Brazil. The towers that we bought, actually, one of the reasons we really liked them is that they have proven to be good locations to others. They have about 1.33 or...
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Correct? 1.33 tenants per tower included, and all the rest of the co-locators are the other 4 big -- or the other 3 big carriers in Brazil, Claro, TIM and Oi. And we've already started to receive some very good inquiry for additional collocation on those sites. So we're extremely pleased with the assets that we have and kind of tickled that, that's our first -- that's how we've entered the country, with those assets. In terms of percentage of revenue, I think we're slightly below 6% for the year. It will grow faster just because it's not in absolute dollars, of course, given the size of the U.S. business, but on a percentage basis. But as we've said for many years, we're going to try and get to 10% and see how things look at that time. I don't think that's going to be in 2013, and it may not be in 2014, depending on the balance of how things go. But in general, we like what we've done so far. We think international is an extremely good value creator for our shareholders if executed well, and we expect to continue to look for opportunities to expand that portion of our business.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, not only do we feel great about it, we are actually starting to see lease-up on those assets from both AT&T and Verizon.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we're looking for countries similar to the ones we've entered, where there is a good political and regulatory stability, reasonably good and predictable land use regulations, a multiplicity of strong carriers, where there's not any one single dominant player in the market, and opportunities to kind of get in early in terms of 3G and 4G deployments and it'd be even better if there are some announced prospects for future spectrum auctions. So you kind of mix all that together, Mike, and that's what we look for.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, I mean, the carrier towers that exist today, should they -- they're kind of on the market today in terms of collocation availability. But there are varying degrees of activity levels and focus on that by the carriers that continue to own towers. They're not competitive to the independently-owned towers because all through the history of our industry, if there were a tower that satisfied a carrier's need, that's where they would have gone rather than building a tower. So that's not -- should those towers come to trade hands, Mike, that's not going to really change the dynamic. You will obviously have bigger denominators if those move to private hands. And there is probably a decent, although I wouldn't say hugely material, opportunity for different focus to bring about increased activity levels. I don't think there's any carriers today who own their own towers that are actively prohibiting others from collocating on those towers. They may not be as focused on it or it's certainly not their top priority, but they're not prohibiting it.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Every year, we try and be as precise as we can, but I would say over the next 3 years, we're looking and putting everything together that we know about, the puts and the takes, that we're looking for, high-single-digit tower cash flow growth, which, as you then ripple down the income statement, should produce increasing levels of EBITDA growth and then AFFO growth. And that would just be on an organic basis, and we hope to do better than that through portfolio growth.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, let's start, Kevin, with AT&T. We don't have a master agreement with them, so every piece of business that we do with AT&T is recognized when we do it and contributes to increases in tower cash flow and adjusted EBITDA. In terms of Sprint, we have a master agreement with Sprint, which, over a multiyear period, obligates Sprint to basically upgrade a specified number of CDMA sites. And the way that works is we begin to accrue cash revenue recognition at the later of either an end date, which hasn't come yet, or the date that Sprint actually completes the upgrade on the tower. And we only had about -- well, we had actually less than 10% of the towers that are subject to that agreement that had actually begun to accrue that cash revenue in the fourth quarter. So we have a lot of -- even though the straight-line has already been taken, what's yet to come and why we believe we will have very, very good tower cash flow and adjusted EBITDA growth is -- that only hits those metrics when, in fact, the work is done and Sprint has actually commenced their activity on the upgraded site. I'm not exactly sure how anyone else's agreements work, but that's how ours work.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I'll take the last one first. I think that concern is a bit off the mark for a couple reasons. Primarily, the resources constraint that I talked about earlier is going to cause a lot of what people might have liked to have accomplished in 2013 to spill over in 2014. And if you look at AT&T's VIP project, I believe it's called, there are 10,000-plus additional macro sites and a bunch of small cells. Verizon's AWS plans, where Sprint and T-Mobile are likely to be, we see a very robust 2014 as well.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I mean, if we're not acquiring as much, our focus would be on maximizing organic growth. We'd probably have some SG&A opportunities, and we would look more towards stock repurchases, all of which we -- all of those leverage we are very comfortable would continue to really propel AFFO per share growth.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, we do have -- in our relationship with ExteNet, we can't do DAS without offering it to them and they can't do towers without offering it to us. Small cell is a bit vague since nobody really contemplated that when we did our deal. But it would be our -- I mean, to the extent that there were active developments of that, that would probably be something that we would steer towards ExteNet's way regardless of what the legalities of our relationship were. But that, of course, wouldn't preclude us from leasing up small cells on any of our existing assets, including our 5,000 managed sites and our 17,000 -- well, 15,000 U.S. towers. So that, of course, we're free to do as the opportunity arises. Your other question is really impossible to answer. Some of our best, I think, analogous situations was when Verizon launched their 3G through the EVDO Rev A. That was primarily a software upgrade that the technology -- we didn't even really see that unlike what we're seeing now with 4G. But then as that got rolled out, you saw an increasing level of cell splitting as the demand for the product took off, and we think that's exactly what's going to occur in this case. But to kind of compare it to the magnitude of the existing 4G, you really can't. I mean, the answer is it's going to all depend on where the data and video demand curve is 3, 4 years out.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, it's a very small part of our overall leasing revenue, Jonathan, but we are seeing good activity on the rooftops as well, particularly with the LTE upgrades. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to reporting our first quarter results sometime in May.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Well, we, for the most part, are recipients of carrier demand needs. So we're benefiting from all that as opposed to doing anything proactive that would alter the customer demand curve. I will tell you that there are a lot of resources constraints in the market today, which cause me to doubt that all the work that cumulatively has been said by our customers will get done in 2013 will, in fact, get done. Running a part of our business on the services side and seeing the resources issues there, I'm fairly confident that a lot of this stuff will spill over into 2014. So you have some basic work that people might be thinking about getting done in 2013, which will not, that will spill over. And then we're also starting to see positive signs, the cell splitting, which, I believe, as we talked about before, will be the next leg of the curve once we get the basic 4G networks in place. But we still have quite a bit of ways to go before the 4G networks will be basically in place.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Well, we'll clearly be watching it closely through ExteNet. We will be looking for opportunities, obviously, to add small cells to our existing assets should those opportunities arise, and we think there will be some opportunities for small cells to come in at lower heights and actually be utilized on some of our towers in the more urban areas. In terms of actually going in a brand-new small cell installation, I think we're going to really wait and see how things play out. The bedrock of our business model and I think our success as we've acquired assets that have multi-tenant capabilities, and we just have to kind of wait and see if that is, in fact, the small cell world as it ultimately gets rolled out.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And from an overlap standpoint between a T-Mobile and a Metro, Metro only represents about 1% of the revenue on the sites where they both exist today. So it's fairly de minimis.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, and I think this kind of goes along with what Jeff was saying earlier. Obviously, there's risks as rates go up as we carry the amount of leverage that we do, but it would affect our cost of financing, which ultimately feeds into AFFO and AFFO per share. So from that standpoint, there's some risk, which we try to address now through longer tenors and mixing markets that we're in. But as it relates to the operational side, we've got fixed rates in our leases to the extent that inflationary rates were higher than our fixed contractual escalators. We wouldn't necessarily share in that, but on the same side, most of our expenses are tied up in our ground leases, which also have fixed escalators, so our costs are controlled. So we don't see it as a huge risk.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And most of our debt is fixed-rate also. I think it's important to point out that as we sit here today, approximately 86% of our outstanding debt is fixed rate and offloading.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, that's going to be about $10 million and the rest of it is going to be from other M&A that closed earlier than expected from the last time we -- or it was either added or closed earlier than we expected from the last time we gave guidance. I want to make clear on that point, though, that we're actually extremely busy on the organic side. But rather than carry that level of activity through, in our conservatism, we're only going to increase as we actually beat [ph] On a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And then Michael, as it relates to Brazil and our expectations around margins, one thing that is different about Brazil from the U.S. is that the carriers typically pick up the cost of the ground leases. However, as we do with our Mobilitie numbers, where we are passing through expenses to the carriers, we will record that ground lease expense on the books and we will gross up the revenue accordingly. So if you ignore that from a practical economic standpoint, the margins will be very high. They'll be close to 90%, 95%, even right out of the gate. When you take that into account, we only have a portfolio, obviously, that we have today, we'd be in the 60%, 65% range initially because the towers are still relatively immature at 1.3 tenants per tower. But as we add every incremental lease or amendment that we add there, we'll start to see those move up rather quickly. And we would expect to see the same thing as we do newbuilds and we start off with one tenant right from the get-go. But they'll move quickly up as you add that second tenant.
