Jeffrey Stoops: Well, we're not going to get too specific, Phil, but we -- there will -- DISH has rolled over quite a bit of activity that will be in our outlook as revenues for 2022. I'll speak generally with AT&T and really just track their public comments, which is that they anticipate a step-up in their level of activity when the 3.45 equipment becomes available midyear, so that they can combine that with C-band equipment and do a one-stop or a one truck roll stop. So if -- I mean, knowing our history and knowing that you really need all your leasing activity in the first nine months of the year to impact that fiscal year's results. I would say you have more probably in there from DISH as opposed to any kind of incremental step-up this fiscal year for AT&T, although we would certainly expect to see that quite a bit greater in 2023.
Jeffrey Stoops: I think it's matching up pretty well with anticipating where leasing revenue is and will be headed for at least the next couple of quarters. So I think it's a current to two quarter forward look at activity.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. In Southeast Asia, there's a number of opportunities, Brett. Carrier dispositions we think will be coming. And just like anywhere else in the world, we will look at that mostly from its financial sensibilities, not that anything strategic as we know necessarily combines North America with the Far East or anywhere in between. So just like with every other decision we make, it will be primarily made on its financial attributes. But having said that, we would love to continue to grow, and that is our goal and remains our number one priority is using capital to grow the portfolio. The second question --
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. I think we're going to -- you're going to continue to see our current pattern of behavior remaining there. We like data centers. But in terms of a big investment, much bigger than kind of what we've been doing it, we'd really have to get to the point where it was absolutely clear that there were great synergies and the data centers would lead to expanded activity at tower site. And while there are certain pieces of evidence to force that, it has not really been proven out yet. So I think it's going to be the latter of the two pass that you framed in your question. And we will continue to learn the business and grow the business very, very modestly. It actually has turned out to be very good so far in the two that we've had. We've had demands for increased capacity. We're actually investing additional capital to grow the capacity in both Jacksonville and Chicago, and that's based on contracted tenant demand. So I mean, so far so good, but not -- it's not material today. It won't be material this year. And we'll see where it goes in the future.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah, in terms of visibility, Mike, it hasn't really changed that much in our views around -- and the comments really about this year's activity going into 2023 really are a combination of what our customers have said as to how many sites that they're going to be able to get to this year. What their capital plans are, and what our own internal backlogs are showing. And basically to over simplify it, there's going to be a lot of work still left to do by the end of this year. So that's what gives us confidence about 2023 and not sure it will all be done by the end of 2023. So average growth rates over the next year. I mean, I think on a gross basis, you're still looking at the mid-to-high single. The budgets that we've been, we've been talking about, we feel good about that.  And in terms of leverage, we've talked about this a lot over time. 60 basis point movement in the 10-year, while it seemingly had done quite a bit of impact to our trading multiple. It really doesn't impact the way we think about structure and capital allocation and balance sheet. So we're not really changed anything today based on where the 10-year is now if -- hopefully it doesn't. But if it goes up materially from here, we have to revisit that. The fact that we do pay a dividend puts a little bit more caution and conservatism and where we ultimately want to take leverage or maintain leverage and an increasing rate environment. But the movement that we've seen so far this year really has it caused us to rethink any of the big picture balance sheet structural points.
Jeffrey Stoops: There are certain filings that would allow you to monitor it. You have to work at it. But there is a certain reliance on customer transparency, because all the leases really talk only about deploying and using spectrum that is owned or controlled by the lessee. So that's really not -- it's not something that would be allowed under our current leases without some additional discussions and modifications to the lease. But in terms of actually -- it's not like there's necessarily going to be new equipment on the tower to do that. But you would be able to figure that out through RF tests based on each customer's signal strength in that particular area. And if they're not on the tower officially, but for some reason they're broadcasting as a strong signal of 3.45, you know you've got a sharing issue.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. Our assumptions right now are pretty much the same as what we've disclosed before. When we talked about '22 in last year when we gave our projections for it, we said we'd be somewhere in the $30 or $35 million range. We actually are thinking we're somewhere on the lower end of that right now based on just some slight movements in timing around various decommissionings and stuff. So all that means is that that probably rolls into next year, our projections for '23 and '24 that we've given before are $10 million to $20 million in each year. That's still the case. But obviously if numbers shift in '22 at all, that would slightly affect '23. But really, we have a fairly small level of churn expected for the next couple of years. Before we see our bigger years, which --
Jeffrey Stoops: -- yes, after this year, which '25 and '26 are the bigger years where we expect to see the majority of our Sprint related churn.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. And it is having some impact in absolute terms, but we are -- I think we're managing it pretty well. So here's what's going on. So there is wage pressure everywhere. So in the services business, we generally work on fixed fees. In the site consulting business, which is the zoning business. In the construction business, though, which was most of the revenue, and will be this year, that's all bid. And it's bid contemporaneously, so we're able to pass a lot of that on, assuming we win the bid. So we're actually managing it okay. I mean, it has started over a year ago and we're very happy with the profits and the margins that we're producing in that business and our outlook implies that we're going to do it again. So yes, it is happening, but we are managing it in a good way, some of which gets passed on through to the customer because of the bid process than the way the work is awarded.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. Yes, it means we the leases -- the leasing activity has been tremendous. The revenue recognition on those leases lags based on either a fixed end day or the earlier of construction. So that's where we managed and estimate that, we were estimating a little bit higher last year. But the reality is the leases are signed up, they rolled over into this year, and it gives us obviously, solid confidence for where DISH's revenue contribution will be this year.
Jeffrey Stoops: No, I think we will grow. I think what we have done we will continue to do, which is grow our dividend faster than our AFFO per share growth. Now we have that luxury because we started with a low payout. And on a yield basis, it's still low. But as we've always said, going back to before we paid a dividend, while we want to pay a dividend to expand the base of our Investor universe. We believe that we will make our shareholders more money by keeping the money inside the company and compounding it through portfolio growth and stock repurchases.
Jeffrey Stoops: We have talked about a -- an amount of growth in five-year increments. And I think we've talked about 20% annually.
Jeffrey Stoops: So the Philippines has a 110 million people and growing. And they have about 24,000 cell sites. So there is a huge opportunity based on those numbers to expand wireless networks. And a lot of greenfield sites will need to be built. The market we like it from a stability point of view, from a land use or regulation point of view, there are over 20 tower companies in country. We know that because you have to get a license to operate as a tower company in the Philippines. But we think there's only five or six of them, including us, that are strong and have the confidence of the customers to get meaningful build-to-suit opportunities going forward. We found the customers in the Philippines to be very smart and very careful in terms of who they partner with. And I think those are the kinds of relationships where our history, experience, and our people on the ground will distinguish themselves and we will excel. So I think thousands of towers will be built in the Philippines every year for the next 10 years. And I think if we get our fair share, that will build a nice business there.
Jeffrey Stoops: Based on $303 stock price in the midpoint of our guidance, that's a 26 times AFFO per share multiple if I'm not mistaken. And that currently -- while I think there is some rationalization going on in the markets, both domestic and internationally. There are a number of transactions that are selling for quite a bit more than that on a multiple basis. So that should lead you to conclude that while we continue to want to grow our portfolio and we'll make every effort to do that. We will do it only in those circumstances where it makes financial sense. And that stock repurchases at today's price relative to private market values are extremely attractive.
Jeffrey Stoops: The contribution from Tanzania is approximately $22 million to EBITDA, and will be very similar to AFFO.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, we will do what we always do, which is take a fine pencil and work through the aspects of our costs where we can do something about it. In some cases, we may be able to improve upon that and in some cases we won't. What is good though in this conversations is people to realize how small, frankly for us compared to other businesses that these changes can really have in our bottom line because of the 70% plus EBITDA margin. We have great operating leverage in this business, and thankfully we've demonstrated over the years and that continues to be true about that a little amount of people can manage and operate a lot of towers. So we have that going for us, but we'll do what we always do, we'll execute and make changes as necessary to make sure we have the best team on the field at the best possible expense levels for the company.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, when we get to that point, that certainly will be a consideration. But I would just say, I think you focused on something that we don't believe will be a material issue at all. And I think if you look at our outlook, you'll see increasing margins.
Jeffrey Stoops: I hope you can tell from our comments, Sami, that we don't really worry about that that much, and we're fully aware of where the market is today and where it might go.
Jeffrey Stoops: It's entirely due to our assessment of return on invested capital for those opportunities versus what we believe we will achieve in Tanzania, Philippines, and markets like that. We've talked a lot, Sami, over the years about how we liked the European market. But when you look at what -- who is competing for assets over there. And the fact that a number of them are -- they denominate their investors and their results in euros, and you can borrow euros, at least you could. I'm not sure what today is, but you could borrow at less than zero. It just became a market that we did not find compelling from an investment perspective and from shareholder value creation perspective. Is it otherwise a good market, sure.
Jeffrey Stoops: There's 2023, we think it's going to be really good too. And that's kind of as far as the crystal ball goes right now.
Jeffrey Stoops: So while we're not making any promises or guaranteeing anything, we don't -- we would not sit here today and tell you that we were sure that 2022 will be the high watermark. It may not be.
Jeffrey Stoops: It's comparable. And that's on a tower cash flow yield. But that's kind of what we look for when we're putting new towers up.
Jeffrey Stoops: We would definitely go to need some build-to-suit, Simon, to get to any number. But I still feel pretty good about the 5% to 10%. Certainly the 5% and that is still a goal mark. We will need to do a little bit of work around that. like we do every year. But we managed to look a lot and find some things that workforce. We certainly did that between the PG&E deal in Tanzania. We're going to build a lot more towers this year than we built in the prior year. And if we get one good-sized acquisition out there somewhere, we'll hit at least the bottom end of that range.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. Those are good guesses. It's at least 500, so we have gone in there and with the belief and the expectation that we will get to at least 500 towers in that market.
Jeffrey Stoops: That's right. Yes. No, that's accurate. I expect that it's going to get -- it's going to go up every single quarter I would expect during the course of this year just based on what we've already signed up and the timing of when we're estimating the commencements. So your numbers are in the right range.
Jeffrey Stoops: Great. I want to thank everybody for joining us to wrap up our 2021 results, and we greatly look forward to reporting as we move through 2022. Thank you very much.
Brendan Cavanagh: Rick, I mean, they're obviously the majority of our international escalators are in Brazil. Brazil and South Africa being our largest markets. We do have some concentration of leases and a couple of time periods during the year based on acquisitions that we've done over the years and the leaseback associated with those. But otherwise over time, it's fairly well evenly spread in. So we've put in certain basic assumptions for purposes of guidance, obviously, some of those are our best estimate today as to where it will be at the point that the biggest escalator concentration happens. But I think that they are reasonable, if not, maybe a touch conservative.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. We've said, I mean, in the past, we've been pretty clear that we expect to grow it for the next several years by at least 20% per year. And I guess we've done --
Brendan Cavanagh: And on your second question, I mean, we have always thought of ourselves, first and foremost, as houses and housing antennas, radios. So while there is some movement as to the compute, that's going on at the tower site, we really haven't seen that impacted and it really doesn't impact our thoughts in terms of antenna and radio locations so far lots going on there. We really don't see or expect a material impact, at least in terms of the way we structure leases and think about our business.
Brendan Cavanagh: Brian, I don't want to be too specific on the backlog. It's obviously up a good bit from where it was last year, but we came out of last year with a reasonably good backlog. We had a slow first quarter and then it began to ramp and it's been at a pretty high level that's been fairly consistent throughout at least the second half of the year and as much as back into the second quarter of last year. I don't want to get into the specifics too much.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I mean, the question is how much of it was sitting there at the time that hadn't yet been signed. If you look at the growth though and the actual number that $65 million that we just printed versus $38, I believe for last year. That percentage from the time that activity was down to when it started to pick up. That's representative of what we saw on the growth in the backlog. So that's almost doubling the backlog in terms of dollars. And then I'm sorry, the second question. I apologize.
Walter Piecyk: But it was amazing. At $600 to have a drain , I couldn't fucking believe it. The point is that we're all seeing this. We're all seeing our expenses go up. It’s not -- who knows how transitory it is. But are the operators, are they playing these games? When you look at the services, businesses, do you think this has any impact on the business? A lot of times you in the last couple of quarters, you guys meaning collectively the tower industry and to all, it's not a big deal everything fine. It's just hard to believe given what we see in the market right now that that's not having some impact on it.
Walter Piecyk: So my last question on the  policy, I think you had mentioned in the prepared comments, you highlighted 25% of AFFO per share. Obviously 20% growth was good. So I think about like a company like Cogent, which gets a very elevated evaluation. It's because they --  goes out there and predictably says like the same dividend increase every quarter. So is the 25% of AFFO per share, is that what we should just use as kind of a benchmark and then yield investors can just look at AFFO and then just predict the dividend growth as a result of the growth of the AFFO per share? Or does that make more sense maybe --
Walter Piecyk: Right. So why not then, rather than like try to say, hey, we're growing at faster . Just put -- like just tell the yield investor it will grow minimum x percent, whether that's 10%,15%, whatever the number is you want to pick. And then just give them a very predictable growth rate that you can bring all these people in in order to drive the stock.
Walter Piecyk: I guess you just need to repeat it on your prepared remarks every quarterly like Dave does, and then you can get that benefit. Okay. Thank you.
Sami Badri: Hi. Thank you. I have two questions. So the first one is regarding just the wage inflation conversation you had earlier. Now, we all are operating with this idea that prices and costs of labor are going to be reduced or normalize. But what if they don't. What measures will you have to take if they don't actually normalize and this new pricing level is actually the new normal.
Sami Badri: Renegotiation of the MLA, and the fees you're getting, the contributing payments from your customer, and relatively matching the wage inflation against price. So just managing your margin just to get an idea on where you're going to be turning the levers.
Sami Badri: Maybe I can just add to that, that our actual cash SGNA is about 6% of our total revenues. So it's impact from a personnel standpoint is not that much. Our largest expense on our tower business or our ground leases, which also have -- they have fixed escalators. So that's an expense that can be controlled. It doesn't adjust with any of these inflationary pressures that you're talking about.
Sami Badri: Absolutely. I just -- these are questions that I get on my side, so I was just hoping I could run them by you guys. The other kind of question I actually do get as well from investors. I was hoping you could share your take on is you are very focused on emerging market opportunities, seen by the acquisitions and the announcements you've made. And then there are just -- your competitors going after, or your competitor going after developing -- or developed markets, sorry, within the European region. And that seems to be a very compelling and digestible opportunity in the wake of international and geopolitical dynamics. Is there a reason why you guys haven't really tilted on the European side as an opportunity for M&A, rather than sticking to emerging markets.
