Mark DeRussy: Thank you. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for SBA's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer; as well as Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we are going to discuss on this call is forward-looking, including, but not limited to any guidance for 2015 and beyond. These forward-looking statements may be affected by the risks and uncertainties in our business. Everything we say here today is qualified in its entirety by cautionary statements and risk factors set forth in last night's press release and our SEC filings, which documents are publicly available. These factors and others have affected historical results, may affect future results, may cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement we may make. Our statements are as of today, July 30, 2015, and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statement we may make. The comments we will make today will include non-GAAP financial measures as defined by Regulation G and other key operating metrics. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures and their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other information required by Regulation G has been posted to our website, sbasite.com. With that, I'll turn it over to Brendan to comment on our second quarter results.
Mark DeRussy: Thanks Brendan. SBA ended the second quarter with $8.3 billion of total debt. We had cash, cash equivalents, short-term restricted cash, and short-term investments of $117.6 million. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 7.4 times. Our second quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 3.5 times. During the quarter we borrowed an incremental $500 million under our existing credit agreement in the form of a seven year term loan B. The loan was issued at 99% of par value and will include interest at LIBOR plus 250 basis points for the 75 basis point LIBOR floor. Proceeds from this financing were used to repay $490 million of the outstanding balance under our revolver.  Currently we have a $170 million outstanding under our $1 billion revolver. At the end of the quarter our total debt carried a weighted average coupon of 3.9% and a weighted average maturity at just over 5 years. During the quarter we repurchased the remaining $150 million of common stock authorized under our $300 million repurchase plan. This consisted of the repurchase of over 1.3 million shares at an average price of $114 or $0.96 per share.  On June 4, we announced the authorization of a new $1 billion stock repurchase plan. Subsequent to the end of the second quarter we repurchased approximately 800,000 shares of stock for $91.1 million at an average price per share of $115.50 and currently have $908 million of repurchased authorization remaining under our current program. I’ll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark DeRussy: Let’s be clear on that. I mean our non-iDEN churn in the U.S. this quarter was 1%. I mean we are not seeing any kind of aberrational activity there Phil, we don’t expect any. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Let me first say David, I don’t really recall saying that we favored a Crown approach over to American Tower approach. I think what I recall saying was that I saw an increased level of activity in the small cell business and that was a positive change from years ago but that we were still evaluating our interest in the business from a capital efficiency and impact on AFFO per share generation. So, we really haven’t changed any views over the last six months but over the last five years we have taken it all in and concluded that to substantially increase our SG&A overhead expense, to vigorously compete for what we believe is the lower margin capital intensive loan cycle business, which is currently and we think is going up to stay relatively small percentage of our customer spending is inconsistent with our long term views of increasing tower cash flow margin, adjusted EBITDA margin, AFFO margin, and ultimately maximizing AFFO per share. It was really a financial decision as most things we do are and again it’s all about our quest to constantly maximize AFFO per share.  And in terms of your international question, I think you have to be cognizant of what’s going in the Brazil with the Reais. Again we are in these markets to maximize AFFO per share. Over the last year of Brazil has not particularly contributed in that endeavor. We do believe that it will overtime do very well, but you have to take into consideration currency issues and what that means and whether that’s a short term dynamic, a long term dynamic. So we would have an interest in definitely continuing to diversify those income streams and currency risk as we continue to move forward. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We will definitely give full year guidance then and I think we are actually looking forward to it because we will be able to talk about a year where our iDEN terminations have ended. We believe that there is a very good likelihood that certain U.S. customer will come off historically low spending activity. We’ll take a fresh look at the exchange rate. So we expect to have the same visibility Ric that we always have in any type of outlook which is you know pretty good six months ahead. So I think we will have a good dialog. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, I don’t have a quarter for you Jonathan. I don’t believe it will be 2015 but that will be something that will have at least a three months better view on when we give out our full year guidance at our next call. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes we are. We absolutely -- we’ve leased up a fair number of positions at approximately the 20 to 30 foot level which of course is typically an open spot on the tower and a great incremental source of revenue for us and stuff we are going to be excited about going forward. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No Jonathan, I mean there is going to be some variability here because there is an earn out period that ends March 31. So when we say two times are better that would be the gross proceeds to us would be that multiple of what we invested, the 43 million. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, we had huge lease up buy by at least the last four to eight quarters averages in Central America, particularly in Panama, Nicaragua, and Guatemala and Costa Rica and El Salvador continued to be very steady. So we were very, very pleased with Central America. Canada continues to be steady but given the size of our asset base there and good growth but not at the same level that we had in Central America and certainly not as good as we had in Brazil, continues to move forward. At this point though we have got such a low tower cash flow multiple up there to invested capital that it’s a great yielding market for us. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Brazil within our 2015 guidance is projected to contribute about 11.5% of the total leasing revenue. A little bit less than actually on cash leasing revenue basis. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well let me take your second question first. I mean my comment was that they were more active than first quarter. But first quarter was at levels that I don’t think we’ve seen on an absolute spend basis from that customer for as far as long as I can remember. So the spending on a historical average is way down and we’ve been at this for a long time. And that dynamic while it of course makes for our traditional [indiscernible] quarters here, a little more difficult in 2015. I think it touches up extremely well for 2015.  And on the small cell question we had a window seat there for a very long time and we saw all aspects of the business and you mentioned two reasons Mike, but there are 10, 20, 30 other reasons why we just simply prefer the macro site business. And for us it’s all about maximizing AFFO per share and we believe that through our decision making we are going to put ourselves in the best position to do that. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It’s never really been longer than a year or so Simon. And again I said this earlier and it’s hard to over emphasize, we’ve never quite seen this particular customer at this low level of spend. So I am pretty confident and have every reason to believe things are going to pickup and that’s one of the key drivers behind why we are buying back our stock. And in terms of how we think about that, we look at a variety of metrics. We look at our five year model going forward and project where AFFO per share is going to be. We look at TCFs, we obviously we look at industry comps and look at where private multiples are trading. And so we trying to triangulate all that back, come up with a price that we will buy at. We are not formula buyers, we are opportunistic buyers. And depending on pricing there maybe periods of time where we go for a while without buying stock and there may be other periods of time where we jump in with both feet.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well higher price is equal hurdle rate issues. So I mean we actually had a pretty good quarter in terms of the U.S. towers that we acquired. But we also passed on a lot of towers that we thought looked no better than and perhaps worse than the towers we own that were trading it four times or more are public tower cash flow multiples. So we will pay higher multiples but we have to see greater growth and we have to see other reasons that to do that otherwise it makes most financial sense to pass on those that don’t meet the hurdle rate and see if you, your stock is at a price that is below intrinsic value. 
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I would have no input on that. And in terms of your other question we are seeing them but we are just not seeing them anywhere close to historical levels. And I am not even talking about the kind of off the charts activity that we saw in the four quarters ending Q3 of 2014. I am even talking five years prior to that. And what I believe is going on is very smart guys there, they were on great organization, and they are managing their free cash flow based on a number of initiatives that if you probably look at what is going on there it’s pretty big year of cash uses between DirecTV, the AWS spend, Mexico. That’s really simply all I believe it is. I would be very surprised if AT&T has changed its long-term views on wanting to always be a network leader and I don’t think they have changed that and I think that would bode well for future investment.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, I want to thank everybody for being on the call today and we look forward to our next call where we talk about our third quarter results and our views around 2016. Thank you.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Hey Ric, just to clarify you mentioned the 1%. The 1% is in reference to the changes that took place from the time that we initially gave our guidance in November of last year. Going back to what we guided to just a quarter ago for the full year 2015 and the changes in the new guidance that we just put out yesterday. Basically on the revenue line the entire change is just due to the FX shift. We lowered our the midpoint of our full year leasing revenue guidance by $9 million, the impact of the FX changes and our assumptions versus what we assumed last time was $9 million. So basically that’s the whole change and really that’s driven by the fact that while we did add a little bit of M&A, its frankly in consequential. We’ve increased our discretionary CAPEX by about $40 million for the year. A lot of that will be staggered over the last part of the year and we’ll have very little impact on the P&L.  So our views on the organic leasing opportunities really are basically the same as what we had before. We’ve as Jeff mentioned earlier in his remarks we expect to see pickup in the second half in terms of activity levels, that’s what we expected before. So there really has been no change. So basically we are looking at the same expectations we had previously. And as you kind of go down the other categories, we have slight pickups in tower cash flow and EBITDA driven. By expense control a little bit out performance and services that we had in the second quarter so, that’s basically what’s flowing through to those items. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And yes we’ve increased our interest expense which is basically due to two things; one, in our last guidance we did not include any expectations for stock repurchases. As you are aware we repurchased to date since that time about $240 million of stock buybacks. So that’s all basically paid for through incremental debt. It also takes into account the term loan that we did which was essentially terming out some of our revolver borrowings. While that gives us greater liquidity it does come at a slightly higher interest rate than the revolver so basically put those two things together we are up about $5.5 million at the midpoint on our interest expense guidance. And that negatively impact the AFFO. But will certainly help -- positively impact the AFFO per share as a lot of those dollars are going to buy back stock. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: I believe Jonathan in the order of contribution that has been Vivo, Tim, Claro, Oi and Oi would be expected to be where they are because we bought most of our towers from them. So they already have some presence on almost every asset that we own. In terms of our additional appetite, we very much have an interest in continuing to invest the Reais that were the positive cash flow and Reais that we are generating down there in additional asset growth whether it would be new power bills or acquisitions. And we are pleasantly surprised to see a nice cottage mom and development market growing down there that would give us a chance to continue to grow through small to medium acquisitions for a long time. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: We clearly are seeing upticks in our backlog. I think your first comment Amir was spot on. I mean you know this business if you don’t really have your operational lease up signed by the end of September it will really typically not impact your full year financial results. As a fact of the matter we have about two months left of operational leasing activity in the U.S. to impact full year results. But looking past all that, we are very pleased with what we are seeing on the backlogs and the build and we have every reason to believe that activity levels across -- in the aggregate when you take all four carriers in the U.S. together we will be up in 2016. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Colby we intend to stay capitalized at relatively all times at our target leverage levels. So as I mentioned portfolio growth remains the number one priority but it has to meet our standard requirement firms and returns. And if we can find that that’s where the capital investment will go and if not and we stand by our stock at prices that we believe are below intrinsic value, that’s what we’ll do. So I don’t know that you should assume up or down, whether it will be one or the other I think will depend on the portfolio growth opportunities that we see and our views on intrinsic value of the stock.  In terms of MLAs, we have them with Sprint, we have them with T-Mobile. It’s not as if there is an absolute aversion. It’s all about the terms and conditions. So that means the hypothetical or the theoretical answer to your question is of course if there are things that we do in fact find mutually beneficial. But in terms of our history we’re extremely happy that we did not do some of the MLAs that have been done. And has allowed us to capture every bit of activity and monetize that which today is the course of the permanent escalating part of our recurrent revenue base. So that’s what we are really focused on and if an MLA can allow that to happen sure, we’d be interested. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: So Phil, the impacts from the churn that’s taking place in 2015, on 2015 is about $16 million. Although a lot of that churn is in the fourth quarter. So October 1st is kind of a big churn day that we have due to the tower portfolio we bought a few years ago which had more of a kind of a cliff termination that they’ve agreed to. And that’ll basically be about $6.5 million approximately of quarterly revenue that goes away on October 1st.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Nothing that would be outside of our normal 1% to 1.5% of churn that we typically see as our average. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: We believe the upcoming activity, particularly the low frequency spectrum and even the AWS-3 and the other spectrum like FirstNet for example that’s going to become available is going to be a boon to the non-urban market. And that of course is where we are primarily located. I have to refresh myself Brett on where we are in terms of demographics but I believe 50% of our U.S. towers are located in the top 100 markets and then of course the other 50 would be outside of that. I believe our current average heights are 175 to maybe 200 or more. So, we have got plenty of capacity there. To the extent that there is activity outside the cities, we are going to get more than our fair share and I am pretty optimistic that is in fact going to happen. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Now keep in mind when we say pickup an activity, we are talking about operational activity and not financial activity. But having said that, I think the pickup is going to come from AT&T and Sprint, probably more so from the former and depending on the timing of the new next generation plans. Still little unclear but once that does emerge that is going to be an increasing activity for the entire industry. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, it would depend on the specific task. Typically when the refarming is done there are antenna swaps and sometimes we don’t charge anything for that and sometimes we charge more than the minimust amount depending on what is leaving and what is being swapped out. To the extent remote radio heads are being added where none existed previously. That of course is a new weighty piece of equipment that goes on the tower that will generate additional amendment revenue. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: We have seen it and we have been able to monetize some of it when it met the characteristics I just described. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: On the latter Walter I don’t think we’ve seen much of that yet and we kind of track all that because part of our process even though we don’t charge on a frequency specific basis we do track very diligently what frequencies are being used at particular sites. 
Brendan T. Cavanagh: I know they are doing some of that with us. I don’t have the specifics so Walter as to which markets and whether it’s more or less then what you might have thought. 
