Mark C. DeRussy: Good evening, and thank you for joining us for SBA's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we will discuss on this call is forward-looking, including, but not limited to any guidance for 2017 and beyond. In today's press release and in our SEC filings, we detail material risks that may cause our future results to differ from our expectations. Our statements are as of today, July 31, and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make. In addition, our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures and other key operating metrics. The reconciliation of and other information regarding these items can be found in our Supplemental Financial Data package, which is located on the landing page of our Investor Relations website. With that, I will turn the call over to Brendan to comment on our second quarter results.
Mark C. DeRussy: Thanks, Brendan. SBA ended the quarter with $8.6 billion of net debt. And our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 7.2 times, within our targeted range of 7 to 7.5 times. Our second quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 4.0 times. We ended the quarter with $150 million outstanding under our $1 billion revolver, and we have $215 million outstanding as of today. At quarter-end, the weighted average coupon on our outstanding debt was 3.6% and our weighted average maturity was approximately 4.4 years. On April 17, we issued, through our existing tower trust, $760 million of secured tower revenue securities, which have an anticipated repayment date of April 11, 2022, and a final maturity date of April 9, 2047. The fixed interest rate on these securities is 3.168%. Net proceeds from the offering were used to prepay our $610 million of 2012-1C Tower Securities, which carry an interest rate of 2.933%, as well as accrued and unpaid interest and also for general corporate purposes. Year-to-date as of today, we have repurchased 1.9 million shares of common stock for $250 million at an average price per share of $134.98. We currently have $750 million of authorization remaining under our stock repurchase program. Current shares outstanding are 120.2 million, down from 124.6 million shares a year ago. We are very pleased with our capital structure. SBA continues to be a preferred issuer in the debt markets and as a result, we believe our structure maximizes our ability to drive growth in AFFO per share. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark C. DeRussy: We will leverage a lot of what we have, Matt, but we will probably be adding initially 10 people or so. I don't know whether it's 8 or I don't know whether it's 12 but, say, 10 between the new countries that will be brand new additions. That will all be covered by the revenue and the cash flow we've picked up. So these markets will be EBITDA positive from day one and a lot of the back office stuff that will be shared based on the strength that we have in the region. I'm sorry, Matt, your second question was on...
Mark C. DeRussy: Yeah, domestically. So, we moved closer to 60% – I'm sorry, to just over half this quarter is what I believe we said. So, it's roughly 55% coming from amendments and 45% coming from leases. That is obviously much less from amendments than we've had for the last two years. But I'm not sure that that's necessarily indicative of a longer-term trend. I think it's more the specifics of this particular point in time. So, we would still expect amendments to most heavily be what we see coming over the next couple of years.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I'll give you some high-level color and obviously want to stay away from pricing and things like that. We have started to see specs and examples and how this might actually look. At this point, we believe that AT&T will choose to roll this out through their turf vendors, which is much of how they have done their deployments in the past. And that's the first level of agreements and contract that have to be worked through and then as the turf vendors would begin to execute on the plan, then obviously that really won't yet and can't I believe occur until after a particular state ops in, then we'll actually start to receive applications and then be in a position to move forward. So, I believe we're getting much closer. Will I be able to say next quarter as we have just said with respect the 600 Megahertz that we are seeing and receiving applications, I don't know. But I do feel that we're becoming obviously increasingly closer to that point.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We're not going to get into the exact differences between the types of amendments. I will tell you though that generally as you go lower in the frequency of the spectrum, the antennas get larger and as you would have larger antennas, you're going to typically attract larger amendment dollars.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, it's an amendment. I mean, it puts them in a position of having to come – it would be basically the standard amendment process, Phil.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It's not – I mean it's not much – I'm not sure that's a distinction that really bears a difference because they'd have to do that anyway because the equipment is going to be different.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, it's telling you that we're delevering pretty quickly. We actually invested more capital in portfolio growth in Q2 than Q1. And we have hopes and aspirations and opportunities to continue to invest in portfolio growth. And as I mentioned, we do feel good about hitting at least the low end of the 5% for the year. And we want to stay in that 7 times to 7.5 times and no one should read the 7.2 times as any type of change there. And actually, as we were moving through the quarter, we saw that we're going to actually have lower leverage than we might have otherwise anticipated going into the quarter. So, we stepped up on the stock repurchases.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We're definitely seeing more leases, co-los in absolute numbers relative to past years, as part of the process and the give and take with various customers in various regions, it is not at all uncommon, Simon, where you would negotiate a rent commencement date of the earlier of installation or January 1, and until it's installed, we would count that as January 1, and obviously not include that in any type of guidance until we know. So, that's a fairly typical customer SBA type of negotiation that's going on, and I think that's fairly representative throughout the industry. But I think the good thing that comes out of all that is the number of co-los is up, which is good. In terms of other tenants, there's a lot of discussion and conversation and interest, but I can't point to anything material, Simon. And when we think about the business and plan and we are primarily, if not exclusively looking at the existing kind of base off which to build our future.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, if true 5G, and it's not been defined yet by the technical authorities, but if it is true 5G, it will require different equipment than exists today to deploy it. So, you're looking at new equipment or different equipment or swapped equipment on the towers, so that of course is going to be an opportunity for us. And if it's using higher frequency spectrum, you'll need more dense networks and that of course will be an opportunity for us. So, I do think we will participate in that, Robert, when that time comes because I don't think what is out there today will satisfy 5G requirements.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I think the last couple years have been historic lows for new builds industry wide. And I do think based on my understanding of some of the requirements of FirstNet and some of the other deployments with some of the other folks who want to make that, there will be more new builds necessary. I don't know that they ever get back to obviously the days when people were building for coverage, but they should be greater than what they were over the last couple years on an annual basis.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, Brazil, I think is tracking logically, it is a less mature market. You would expect the ratio of new deployments to favor co-los over amendments and that's exactly what we've seen ever since we've been there. We expect that to continue. In terms of the growth rates ex-escalator, I think, they've been fairly stable.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. And actually we continue to be pleased with what's going on in Brazil, given the economy, and we're actually seeing some signs of green shoots down there, the GDP, I think, most people – not that it's taking a tremendous leg up, but most people feel it's bottomed and it's starting to climb back in the right direction. So, we continue to feel very good about the long-term prospects of the Brazilian market.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. That's about right. That's about right. That includes some professional leases (34:45) that we have to, is in that 35% range.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: The carriers – well, the – as you know, Brett, AT&T and Verizon have traditionally used 12x20 shelters at all of their outdoor sites. And within that shelter, they're allowed to do whatever they want. So, there are many instances where this is occurring at our sites and we would not know it. What they're looking for is the right site with the right fiber proximity and the right connections to where they want to make those connections. But the actual ground lease additional – selling of additional ground space is not going to be that great an opportunity at least with those customer because historically they have always contracted for fairly good sized shelters that are going to be able to house most all that equipment.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, with the 35 towers we've bought have all the carriers on them, and they are predominantly denominated today in U.S. dollars. So, there is a history in Argentina of negotiating and contracting in U.S. dollars. That will be our first choice going forward. I don't know that we will do that a 100% of the time. And where we can't do it, we will do it – we will manage that risk as we do and our other non-U.S. dollar denominated jurisdictions primarily Brazil where we match off expenses. We will look to local debt funding although that has not been an attractive option today although it is one that we are constantly evaluating. And ultimately, we will watch the size of the non-U.S. dollar denominated revenues to come out of a particular spot.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: There is – one of the reasons we're excited is, it's going to be primarily a longer-term build market that I think a company like ours that has excellent execution capabilities, great financial resources, long-term staying potential will be good at and the customers will recognize. There are three – it's almost uncanny as to the mix of carriers down there. It's almost an equal split between Claro, Movistar and Personal/Nextel. You've got 43 million people, the number of sites is low, and I think, it's somewhere around 16,000 cell sites which seems ungodly low. That sounds too low. I got to relook at – I'm looking at some notes here, but it is a – it's a country that has tremendously underdeveloped wireless. And yeah, it's a great country with great resources and a growing population, and we look at it much the same way that we looked at Brazil. But unlike Brazil, I don't think you're going to have an opportunity to get big quick there because of the – through some tax – because of the way the currency has depreciated down there over time and the way the tax laws work. My understanding is most of the carriers down there, their tower portfolios have been depreciated to almost zero, and the tax hits on the sales or transactions would be unpalatable. And these – obviously these are things that I'm mentioning because these have all been thought of and people have talked about them, and you can imagine that there have been a lot of bankers pitching these three carriers in Argentina to sell their towers, but there are some structural impediments down there that I think are going to make that unlikely, and we'll see. Maybe somebody will figure something out down there. But we're going into Argentina to build towers over a long period of time.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, it's clearly a part of telecommunications infrastructure, but it's an entirely different business, and the fact that it may share some tenants or customers with macro sites doesn't mean it's the same business, because it's not. And I think people have demonstrated that, and people are starting to see that, both from an investment perspective and an overhead perspective, and we'll see over time a return perspective. It is not a business that we believe is necessary for us to maximize the assets that we have and maximize the returns for our shareholders. And we continue to look for exclusive opportunities that may involve fiber. Those would likely come in indoor opportunities, where you have some protectable rights to the real estate and things like that. But we really haven't changed, notwithstanding the amount of activity that has occurred in that space between now and last time we spoke, our views haven't changed.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Because we based it really on the last couple years. I don't – I see that as much more lever to the upside than I do as a risk to the downside.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I don't think it does anything because ultimately, what we sell is the radios and the antennas. We sell the thing that turns the signal into the wireless signal that connects with the phone. So, notwithstanding all the fiber that might come with a transaction like that, you still have to have a radio and an antenna on the end of it that turns the signal into what connects with the mobile device, and that's ultimately where our business comes into play.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah, I think, it's extremely well-positioned for the future because those markets are, I think, best suited to macro site architecture whereas in the more urban markets, you have a lot of different options and where I think a lot of the fiber focus and the cable focus has been.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. On the first question, Colby, I got to believe the unlimited plays a part in the steadiness of our business and what we believe will be an uptick year as we move into 2018 with the deployments of the additional spectrum. But in terms of coming right out and saying, yeah, we're doing this because of the unlimited plan, no, the conversations are never quite that explicit or specific.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. So, you'll always have that dynamic and there'll be some towers built. And I think you'll definitely see and hear some of that because I think as I mentioned or answered one of the questions earlier, I think you'll have a greater need particularly with FirstNet where you'll have some extremely remote and rural needs where I think you will have to have some new builds and there'll be some new people interested in those.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I don't know the answer to that. I mean, they're going to have a pretty good idea of the sites, because I mean the sites are well-known and the inventory of what's on the site is well-known and what its capability is. I don't know Walter what the....
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I mean the applications that would be submitted would be very equipment-specific and therefore antenna-specific. So, whether they've been ordered or not, we wouldn't necessarily know, but we would know what they're exactly planning to use.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we know América Móvil is active in Brazil. They have been and we know that they're building towers and we do build towers for them. So, I think the answer to all that is, yes.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. It's really all about the true commencement of the 600 megahertz to 2.5G and the FirstNet business, that's what all those comments are based on. And we do think it's just a question of time. None of that is in our 2017 remaining guidance. We do think it's coming, we have talked about and have seen 600 megahertz applications. We've talked about how we approach guidance which we're going to only include things once we've actually booked them and recorded the revenue which has not happened yet. So, it's all coming and we will be reporting it and it will be showing up on our numbers when we receive it, but it's coming.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Thanks, everyone, for joining us on this call and we look forward to reporting our third quarter results in October.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: I'm not sure if I said that but it is our expectation that when we – from a domestic standpoint, when we exit the year that we would be at about 2.5%.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Yeah. So, we have – what I think what I gave in the scripted comments, was the total amount of dollars that we have that we believe will churn off from the three primary guys, Metro, Leap, and Clearwire, and that's $31 million of annual revenue at the end of the second quarter. I would expect they will come out of the year somewhere in the mid to low $20 million range probably is what would be left when we exit this year, and that would go away over the subsequent two years. So, you're really not talking about much of a large impact, exact timing of that two years obviously remains to be seen. But, hopefully that ballparks it for you in terms of magnitude.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: It's roughly 4% or so, Jon, you're seeing our overall growth rate come down a little bit and that's really the escalator dropping.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Yeah. Right. That was a specific transaction where the buyer specifically wanted stock, that was the only option really available to us, but we were obviously actively repurchasing stock as well. So, in fact that you can consider it cash eventually.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Hey, Colby, on the second question, I can't really speak to how others are calculating their numbers or maybe more impactfully what the potential influence is of the accounting for MLAs. So it's hard for me to draw any real clear comparisons, but we can confidently say that we're not seeing any material variance in activity levels with our key customers that would be – we would be surprised if it was any different from what our peers are seeing. There may be occasional timing differences, but generally speaking, I would expect we'll all see our fair share of future organic growth opportunities.
Walter Piecyk - BTIG LLC: That's fine. But is the turf vendor calling you to get the site? Or are they calling the guy to buy the antenna first? The vendor as in like a CommScope.
Walter Piecyk - BTIG LLC: But chances are if they know your portfolio, the antenna guy gets the call first and then they dial you up and say, okay, we're going to put an antenna or change the antenna on the site.
Walter Piecyk - BTIG LLC: Well, they haven't been ordered yet but if they're going to hit CapEx, presumably you're going to get ordered in the fourth quarter.
