Brendan Cavanagh: In exchange for that, those favorable equipment rights, and the 50% revenue share, the anchor tenant pays a market rental rate, which escalates to 3% per year, plus reimburses to the tower owner, all operating and capital expenses of the tower. In other words, a triple net lease in the traditional commercial real estate sense. Co-locations of additional tenants are handled in the traditional manner, and the same way as we process co-locations. The net economic results for the Mobilitie US towers is 100% tower cash flow margins, and no maintenance CapEx. Although the accounting result is different, as we will record the operating expenses as an expense, and then gross up the revenue by the reimbursable path through expenses. The Central American towers fall in the traditional tower model.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, hi Ric. It is Brendan. So the way that it will work is that that base rent of $2000 in your example, plus the expenses, another $1000 will be recognized as revenue. You would have $3000 of revenue. You would have $1000, I’m sorry, you would have yes, $3000 of revenue. You gross up the expenses, if we incurred $1000 of expense, they would reimburse us for that. So we would have $3000 of expense – I’m sorry $3000 of revenue, and $1000 of expense. If we add a co-locator, depending on how that agreement is struck, it would result in us getting 50% of that revenue from the new co-locator, which we would recognize as revenue and there wouldn’t be any recognition of the other 50% that would-be paid. It would be netted against the payment that goes to the anchor.
Brendan Cavanagh: In terms of the DAS business, we bought basically 4 locations. They are kind of discrete assets without any backlog or better future growth of new – it wasn’t an ongoing business so to speak, the way (inaudible). But they are good assets, and we think you know there will be, I don’t really want to get into the splits, because we have to negotiate price with ExteNet. So pardon me for ducking on that one, but they are good assets, and we think ExteNet is going to be very interested.David Barden – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got you. Thanks for the color.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, most of the guidance hike was based on portfolio growth. There was a small increase associated with what we are seeing in our organic growth profile.
Brendan Cavanagh: And on the Mobilitie, always, we are very attracted to the group of assets because of the ability to potentially tweak relationships and restructure things going forward. So we do think there is a variety of interesting opportunities that are going to be considered, and help us too in that respect.
Jeffrey Stoops: Thanks Brendan. Sorry about that. Fighting an horrible cold here. While the Mobilitie US towers were originated under a different model, it is a model that we are comfortable with in terms of expected financial returns. This was not a strategic transaction for us, but a financial one. we are buying the assets at what we think is a very good price, in terms of both multiple and price per tower. Based on what we think are conservative lease up forecast, particularly around permanent tenants per tower, which for purposes of our valuation, we assumed would be below our portfolio average. We are targeting a double-digit five-year internal rate of return of 300 basis points to 500 basis points above our weighted average cost of capital, and that is after the impact of revenue sharing. With respect to organic same tower growth rates, we expect the Mobilitie towers with revenue share to growth at slightly less than our portfolio average, but only slightly less because of their lower starting base. As an example, a Mobilitie tower with 1.3 tenants today growing to 2.0 tenants over five years, or seven tenths of a tenant added would produce a compound tower cash flow growth rate to us of 8% after revenue share. And we will have opportunities to do a lot better given the location of these towers. The transaction will add materially to adjusted EBITDA and our equity free cash flow, substantially increasing our scale and financial capabilities, and be materially accretive to equity free cash flow per share. Most importantly, we believe our equity free cash flow per share will be materially higher five years from now than it otherwise would have been as a result of this transaction. All in all, we believe it to be a great financial transaction for us. Part of the attractiveness of the transaction for us was the cost and mix of financing. By using a combination of cash and stock, we are able to achieve a very accretive outcome – excuse me, to equity free cash flow per share, by only increasing net debt leverage modestly above our target range of 7.0 to 7.5 times. We will be committed to reducing leverage back to where we are today, and post closing, we expect leverage to drop to within our target range in the second half of 2012. The cash portion of the transaction will be funded from our fully available $500 million revolving credit facility, which will be expanded to $600 million as part of the transaction, plus a $400 million one year acquisition term loan secured by the Mobilitie assets. The revolver drawn will bear interest at one month LIBOR, plus approximately 237 basis points. Full availability will be created under the revolver without the need for inclusion of any of the Mobilitie assets. The acquisition term loan will bear interest at one month LIBOR plus 350 basis points. The combination of the two produces a blended interest rate on the financing of approximately 3.2% based on today’s LIBOR rates. Going forward, we will look to source replacement debt financing to reload a portion of our revolver, repay the acquisition term loan, and possibly fix some of the interest rates associated with this financing. The way we have structured the transaction provides us tremendous flexibility to move collateral around to maximize financing outcomes, and the markets are currently very robust around and desirous of this type of credit. Included in the transaction are various indoor and outdoor DAS assets in New York, Chicago, Las Vegas and Albom [ph] University. Pursuant to our terms of investment in ExteNet Systems, we are obligated to attempt to negotiate a sale of those assets to ExteNet for cash back to SBA. We have kept ExteNet generally apprised of our progress with Mobilitie, and we look forward to now seeing if we can strike and close a deal with ExteNet with respect to the DAS assets. If we can, we will likely keep and operate the DAS assets, or we may choose to sell them to someone else. If we kept the assets, we would not be looking to expand our DAS assets beyond these particular assets. We will continue to channel new DAS opportunities through our investment into ExteNet. We are very excited about the Mobilitie opportunity. The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter, and as soon as it does we will be revising our outlook in our next earnings release to incorporate the transaction. Before we open it up for questions, I want to recognize the contributions of our employees and customers to our success. Our employees work really hard to achieve the goals of our customers. Our employees do a great job, our customers recognize that, and as a result we are a preferred provider for our customers’ network needs. Our customers are and we think will remain extremely busy improving and expanding their wireless networks. We look forward to continued success as we move through 2012. And a special thanks to Brendan for stepping in in my moment of need. Operator, at this time we are ready for questions.
Jeffrey Stoops: So, Ric, if that were another $2000 tenant, then we would be recording total revenue, including reimbursements of $4000, and $1000 of the expense. Thanks.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, it is the same, basically as it is for T-Mobile. The anchor tenant gets revenue share and picks up all operating expense and maintenance CapEx expenses. So it is basically the same.
Jeffrey Stoops: They are going to have flexible equipment rights that will likely include most of the Network Vision just for Sprint, but it would not include any network sharing or other carriers, who might want a network share without equipment.
Jeffrey Stoops: No, it was the latter. Most of the pickup in activity that I was speaking to was the roaming number [ph] build. It had nothing to do with the announcement yesterday.
Jeffrey Stoops: Not on the new T-Mobile announcement, and not really anything for Clearwire. Maybe we had some team [ph] that we expected roaming over build and the activity that we would expect that they would have undertaken, but this was prior to the 4G announcement.
Jeffrey Stoops: No, any deal like that would have required us to use a mix of cash and equity. So I don’t think that we are out of it. Obviously we are going to be working on in reducing the leverage from this transaction down, which we expect to do very quickly. But because any deal like that would have required a mix of equity for us, you know, I would say no, we will take a look as we do with all transactions.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, it will depend on what we see in the market. And whether we see portfolio growth opportunities that we like better than stock repurchase opportunities. Last year we favored more than we had previously stock repurchase, which I think was also a reflection of what we saw in the acquisition market. So it really depends. I mean obviously this year we have got some big portfolio growth acquisition plans ahead of us. But we are committed to continue to be opportunistic stock repurchasers, but we always compare that to what is out there in terms of portfolio growth opportunities, which remains our primary focus for use of capital.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, the split between the tower cash flow and the DAS cash flow in the Mobilitie transaction is approximately 16 million of expected 2012, and 59 million on the tower side for expected 2012. In terms of our international mix and our desires for new builds, we are doing a lot of early stage high-growth assets internationally, which we think will continue to grow and drive growth for our overall company materially as we move forward. So we will continue to focus. We will build more towers outside United States again this year than we will build in the United States. And in terms of our revenue contribution, you know, we will grow in 2012, we will end the year we are confident at a higher absolute number. In terms of the pro forma affective Mobilitie that may cause International to not growth as much on a percentage basis, but will clearly grow materially on absolute dollars, and we will still look to get to that 10% level in the next several years.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, we own a sizeable minority interest in ExteNet, and our long-term internet is to continue to support them and should ExteNet decide that they want to monetize or move on or sell the business, we are I think well positioned to take a look, and we will be very interested if that opportunity comes along.
Jeffrey Stoops: Let me start with the last first, Dave. On the public – I mean, there will be the idealists who will want a stand-alone network that is free of external touches so to speak. They don’t want to fill people around that equipment. I think that is an idealistic view. I think the economic realities may very well force a network sharing type of situation, and perhaps the truth is somewhere in between. But I think it is going to be economically impossible to have the ideal operational goal of the public safety world, which would be actually not only low rent centers, but you know, your own towers. I just don’t think that is going to happen. So I think the ideals will have to meet the economic reality somewhere in between.
Jeffrey Stoops: On the co-location by legislation, yes, that is going to help in certain assets. I mean that legislation will really, it is really geographic specific because in most places where we do business, and I think this is true for the whole tower industry, you really did not have a lot of trouble getting additional co-los on, but there were definitely some jurisdictions, Southern California and some other parts of the country where it was a problem. So in those areas where you did have those issues, that legislation will definitely be impactful. I don’t think for the industry as a whole it will materially change things, but it is certainly an incremental positive.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, on the DAS assets James, it is not materially different in terms of the customer mix. And in terms of the upgrade, you know, T-Mobile will most – we don’t know all the details yet, but I would guess it is going to be similar given the same types of technology migration path that AT&T has done, which means there will be some amendments and some new equipment needed, and certainly the amendment possibility. So it is very favorable development I think for our company and the industry in general. But I specifically would say AT&T because of the similarities of the technology migration path.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. While the discretionary CapEx for the acquisition sites are all detailed in the press release. So it is only based on what we have under contract as of today. And then on our new builds, we’re estimating that we’re going to build a little over 400 sites during 2012. Most of those are international. So the average cost is somewhere a little less than 200,000. So if that gives you an idea.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, they are all anchored tenants. Most of them are T-Mobile, about 1700 are T-Mobile and the remainder in the US would-be Sprint.
Jeffrey Stoops: No, I think it was more co-location by – I don’t think it extends to equipment on the ground. I don’t believe that they would legislate that. I don’t believe it covers anything other than the antennas on the tower. But I don’t think they really needed to go beyond that either. I don’t really know of any issues where people are having trouble getting generators in place, or anything else, other than the antennas on towers that are already previously built and approved.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. That is a great question Mike, and to be honest with you we were not really pursuing the Mobilitie assets, while the T-Mobile AT&T transaction was pending. We really did not develop our interest in those assets until it was clear that that transaction would be not passed through, and then based on all the color around the US desire and perceived demands that they are going to be four nationwide carriers for some period of time. So we do take all those issues into careful consideration, and really our interest in Mobilitie was generated upon the termination of the AT&T, T-Mobile transaction.Michael Rollins – Citi Investment Research: Thanks.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well. You know, I hope that doesn’t happen Kevin. I mean history in the real estate business, there are direct correlations between prices for assets and cost of financing. And I don’t know if our future will be any different than the traditional commercial real estate past in that regard. I mean clearly when you are looking to generate material growth in equity free cash flow per share, cost of financing matters. And then that translates into what you are willing to pay to achieve the desired growth in equity free cash flow per share. So does it have an impact? Sure. Absolutely. You know, well, will it cause people to not be disciplined? You know, it is not going to cause us to not be disciplined, and I think our peers are pretty good in that respect as well.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, thank you everyone, and I apologize for losing my voice midstream, but Brendan picked up well, and we look forward to reporting our next results, which in all likelihood may include the Mobilitie transaction closing and the changes in guidance that could result from that. Thank you.
