Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Okay. Well, there's a few things. I think a lot of them were covered in the press release or in the comments I made earlier. But let's just kind of walk through them quickly. When you get – when you start off with leasing revenue, as we indicated, it is negatively impacted by a few things. We've got augmentation reimbursements, which is the reimbursement or the amortization of reimbursements of capital that we're spending to upgrade our towers for tenants. We expect that to be down and that's due to less activity, really less leasing activity during the year from our customers. So, that's about a 1% headwind to revenue and more to AFFO. The iDen churn year-over-year represents almost 1.5% to revenue and again more to AFFO. That's $20 million, and that's because the vast majority of the iDen leases that are churning off this year churned off October 1. And when you take the remaining three quarters of revenue that we've recognized during this year, that we will not have next year, that obviously impacts the growth as well. FX is a huge impact as well. We're looking at about $15 million on the AFFO line of negative impact from that as well. As you go further down, we obviously have increases in some of our direct leasing cost, but not abnormal. Some of those come through acquisitions that we did and some of those are just increases in ground leases and other standard increases in our other operating cost. We also have a decline in our services margin. As we indicated in our guidance to services revenue, we're showing a decline year-over-year. And a lot of that is basically due to a stoppage or a slowdown in work that we're expecting from Sprint versus what we saw this year in the services business. But the margin that's generated through that business is also down, obviously, as a result of the volume being down, so that negatively impacts it as well. And then just generic overhead standard cost-of-living type increases there. So I think when you figure all those things in, unfortunately, a number of those put a weight on our year-over-year AFFO growth. But those are really the only issues. And when you strip all that away, and a lot of it is noise, in that it's temporal. And you look at the core organic growth rates, we do expect them to be better next year actually than this year and fairly consistent with where we were a couple of years ago before sort of our peak leasing activities.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Yeah. Last year, when we first talked about what our guidance implied from an organic growth rate standpoint, we thought that we would be somewhere around 8% net for 2015. As indicated in the press release and our comments today, we now expect that number will be closer to 7% net, down about 1%. And again, that measured fourth quarter 2015 to fourth quarter 2014. That's what we were projecting last year, similar to what we're doing this year. And when we look ahead to where we will be in the fourth quarter, we expect that it will be lower. And a lot of that is driven by the timing of when we expected to see organic growth. I think if you'll recall early in the year, we talked about an expectation that we would see a ratcheting up as we got into the second half of the year of 2015. We really haven't seen that. And so, as we get here to the back half of the year and we measure our same tower growth by looking back essentially on activity that's taken place over the trailing 12 months, we recognized that by the end of the year, our run rate will be less coming out of this year than we anticipated when we gave guidance a year ago. And so, that impact of the second half of the year of 2015 being slower affects the full-year to full-year guidance comparison from 2015 to 2016, I think a little bit lower than what would have been expected previously.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Yeah, I think you're a little high on what it peaked at. It wasn't quite that high. It was probably more like $70 million was the peak. But that's correct, we have it going down. But I will say that one of the things that is a potential upside here is that as leasing activity increases, which we expect it to do, this kind of tracks with that, because the more activity you have, the more carriers touching towers, the more towers that are touched, the more likely that you will have these augmentations for which we'll receive these reimbursements. And so, that number we would expect will settle out and perhaps be higher by the time we get to 2017. But it's really kind of peaked out this year because it's trailing the high activity levels we had in 2014.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Yeah. And one thing, maybe I'll clarify one point. You mentioned it being non-cash. It's non-cash in terms of the timing. But it is cash revenue. We're actually receiving that money and then amortizing it in.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: That's basically – I mean where you're getting at is basically right. The domestic is slightly less than 9%. The consolidated is a hair more than 9%, but domestic is such a large percentage, when you round the number it's basically 9% for both, because obviously it is pulled up by the international.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Right. Yeah and obviously, all the stuff that we have in Central America and Canada are fixed escalators, and those average 3%-ish – 3%, 3.5%. So, those are similar to what we have in the U.S. When you go to Brazil, as you know, it's based on inflationary indexes. They do happen annually, based on the annual anniversary date of the lease. Most of those do come in lumps because of the timing of when we acquired the big portfolios that we acquired. So we have a decent amount that happens at the end of the year and a decent amount more towards April. Those are the bigger dates. We have definitely seen it come up because of inflation during this year. The average impact for 2015 though was about 7%, versus a total organic growth rate in Brazil of about 13%. So we had about 6% outside of escalators. Next year, that number will probably be similar to maybe slightly higher, but there is an expectation that inflation rates decline in Brazil throughout the next 12 months. So it's really going to be a matter of timing.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: It's two things. That's one difference is the timing because you're looking at mid-year, full-year to mid-year, full-year last year, as opposed to Q4 to Q4, and we do expect it to be higher. But the other difference is that we're calculating that percentage as a percentage of revenue that excludes a few things that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, specifically pass-through expenses that are included in revenue, the augmentation amortization stuff. So, we take that out of the denominator, if you will. And those items represent about 10% at least in 2015, probably a little bit less as we get into next year. But about 10% of our cash leasing revenue for 2015 was made up by that. So, if you took that cash leasing revenue number of $14.29 million (46:21) and you back out about 10% of that and you went to roughly 90% of it, then I think the $92 million, divided by that, would get you closer to a little over 7%, which is still lower than the 7.5%, but that's because you're measuring in the middle of the year. By the time you get to the end of the year, that number would be 7.5%.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Okay. So, when it comes to EBITDA, you've got the revenue that we just talked about. And basically the cash revenue items, sum up to about $83 million, that's the $117 million less the augmentation reimbursements and iDen churn, gets you about $83 million of positive impact there. We are losing $14 million on EBITDA from FX impacts. And then there are increases in cost, the direct cost of leasing are up approximately $20 million on a non-FX basis. And our SG&A is up roughly $5 million on a non-FX basis. So, when you add those items in and then you also take into account the fact that there's a decline in the services margin, you'll come up at the change in the ranges that we've indicated in our guidance.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Well, they have not done much at all on the leasing side. On the services side, we did have work – a lot of that actually had to do with the decommissioning of the iDen network, so as that has largely wrapped up, that's part of the decline. But yeah, they're not doing much in terms of new build-outs.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Okay So, on the Brazil escalators, they're all CPI-based, although on the leasebacks that we got in the Oi acquisitions that we did, there are minimum floors of 6.5% to the extent that the inflationary index would fall below that. But otherwise, all of the tenant leases escalate on a CPI basis. I'm sorry, the second one I forget. Was the makeup of the...
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: And then the last one was on M&A. The Ecuador assets were actually closed in the third quarter. They closed – and were in our total numbers of sites that we bought during the quarter. As far as the stuff that's under contract, we're assuming that that's all closed by the end of the first quarter of 2016. There are some that we're thinking may close right at the end of the year. So, no real contributions to 2015 guidance, but obviously we expect them to contribute almost entirely to 2016.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Yeah. I mean, a lot of the escalators take place either in the fourth quarter or the second quarter of the year in Brazil. So, depending on where the inflationary rates are at those points in time, that impacts what the average rates are. But as Jeff mentioned earlier, we basically lowered our organic growth assumptions in Brazil by about 100 basis points compared to what we saw this year. So, instead of 13% same-tower growth, we're assuming 12% at relatively similar escalation rates which this year were just around 7%. So, that's that. I mean, the timing in terms of the lease-up, it's assumed to happen evenly throughout the year, but the escalators will be a little more lumpy.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Gross is 9%, Spencer, 9%. If you're looking at Q4 2016 to Q4 2015, we're assuming 9% gross, 7.5% net. And yes, on a full-year to full-year, that $117 million does include the net impact of churn.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Yeah. Those calculations are done doing it compared to the prior year, same quarter. So, you're basically picking up the activity over the previous 12 months. So, the rate that was talked about in the first quarter had very little to do with the activity levels during the first quarter. We now carry that quarter with us and have for the last couple of quarters, that's why you've seen a decline in the reported same tower growth rate each quarter during this year. And we expect it to be similarly low next quarter. And this year as a whole, while the first quarter was the lowest, this year as a whole, the leasing has been down relative to last year. So, we will carry that with us as we move into next year as well. And until we get to the end of the year, which is why we give Q4 to Q4 guidance, only at that time will you really be reflective of activity that takes place during the full-year 2016 which again we'd expect to be higher than 2015.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I would – David, this is Jeff. I would just add, when you look at the guidance and you try and do year-over-year comparisons, what makes up 2016 results is activity that occurs between September of 2015 and the end of August of 2016, because after that, activity doesn't really turn into a financial result. That's just the lag that's always been in the industry. So I think the point about expecting 9% to 10% this time last year, and as you see, we're trending now down towards 8% and that has been moving down as we moved through the year. It basically shows that we're a little bit behind on the business that we expected this year and the fourth quarter over fourth quarter is very important for the run rate that enters next year. And that's really, besides all the specifics that we've already talked about, that's the reason. We're seeing less U.S. domestic business in the second half of the year than we thought we would a year ago.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, absolutely. I think we all know that there have been some of our customers this year who have had huge cash needs away from their typical network investment. And I'll tell you, the biggest source of confidence to me as – a year ago, we were coming off this huge 2014 year and we saw application – a year ago, we saw applications declining and we reflected that in our 9% to 10% growth, which was obviously less than what we'd done previously. Today, applications are growing. So I view that as a very important sign that what we saw this year with a particular customer or two, is temporal and that the 20-year history of investing for network goes on.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I mean, that's a part of our business, Ric, that will go on. But in terms of the variability and the magnitude of the year-over-year, we don't expect to see that again.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Let me answer the question this way, Amir. Pick a particular carrier that we know has done a tremendous amount of work several years ago. And if you put a number of 100 on that level of activity, 2015 is going to turn out to be something like 20. It's been that far of a difference between the peak. So our estimates for next year are higher, but they're not certainly anywhere close to where we were in the peak years. So, I would, first and foremost, say if we get more activity out of that particular customer, as we've seen in years past, that could be a tremendous pickup. If we see anything out of Sprint, that will be a pickup. If we do more M&A or we do more stock repurchases, now that won't help the AFFO or the top line, but stock repurchases clearly do help the AFFO per share line. So I think we have a tremendous number of levers to play. I can assure you we're committed to pull them all as appropriate because it's our goal, of course, to move through next year and get back to our tradition of beating and raising every quarter.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think it'll come through anecdotal discussions about levels of activity applications. But watch the organic growth rate every quarter. When that moves up, then I think you will see that that is a very good indicator that things are progressing towards the 2016 that we've laid out.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think it builds from the levels that we're at now, which are around 8%, and it's going to – by the time we're a year from now, we're expecting that it will be at the 9% that we talked about.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I think what we have here is a very stable and consistent business that right now, on the 2016 guide, reflects in large part less U.S. domestic activity in the second half of 2015, all for reasons that I don't believe are, in any way, permanent or even long-lived. And I think we've got a lot of capital and opportunity to continue to invest and grow the business. I think the interest rate environment is going to continue to be very positive for SBA. And I think we're going to have a lot of opportunities to excel and exceed the things that we're talking about today.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. On Brazil, Jonathan, we have – because we bought a lot of our towers from Oi, we've seen and we expect to continue to see most of our new incremental activity from Telefónica, TIM and América Móvil. So, that's – it's really a continuation of that sources of business that we've seen this year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think if all we were doing was buybacks, we would look to bring that leverage ratio down a little bit. Our single largest item though that we follow on that is our U.S. cash interest coverage to our debt because it's all denominated in U.S. dollars. That's well north of three times. So, that really is – I view as the single most important lever and item to be watching. But to your first point, if all we were doing is stock repurchases, and I don't think that would be the case, we probably would look to operate at lower leverage.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. The cadence on international is more evenly weighted, while the U.S. is building throughout the year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It may be something to think about as we exit 2016. I'm encouraged by the organizational steps that are being taken, the RFP processes that are being initiated. That's all much progress compared to one and two years ago there. On the M&A side, Simon, there's actually an awful lot out there we could be looking at, particularly domestically. And when I say awful lot, I mean a lot of transactions in the $25 million, $50 million, up to several hundred million range. We've pursued and secured some of those. We've passed on even more. And it's really a question of price, and it comes down to kind of a very simple approach. If we can buy back our own stock versus an asset that is essentially similar to our domestic portfolio and looks like it will lease up the same, but we could buy it six turns plus cheaper on a tower cash flow level, we think more value will be created that way. But having said that, as we said earlier in our prepared remarks, for the right deals, we think portfolio growth is a very good way, and one that we've demonstrated over the years has created a lot of shareholder value. So we're constantly looking.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. You heard the answer on the 5% to 10%, right, which is yes we do expect that for next year. On the Sprint issue, the bigger concern is the level of incremental activity that we can expect in the near term. Given the structure of the leases that we have, Colby, and the mission-critical nature of all the sites that remain post iDen churn, I really don't worry a lot about the specifics of your question and further terminations.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. The fiber write-off was occasioned by a customer informing us that they intended to exit the system. We're in discussions around that now. We have not yet found another user for that fiber, Brett. It's still on our books, we still own it. But that's why we took the write-down. And in terms of the ExteNet question is, really hasn't changed at all. Small cells is a very interesting business that we're actually taking steps to develop internally with a focus on our own assets and a more indoor and managed rooftop approach. And we just thought that the money that it would have taken to acquire ExteNet, not only immediately, but the amount that would have been necessary to put into it over the next couple of years, we are better served, and our shareholders are better served, by directing that elsewhere. But I think you should – and it's not going to be material early and it's not going to happen overnight. But we're definitely going to be pursuing things in that area.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I think when you overlay that question on our assets, I think there's an element of exclusivity there that makes it in our view more like towers.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I think there's a good opportunity for more stock repurchases in our future. And that's probably all I should say to that topic.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No, you're right, and I think that's a very astute comment. And that's why our balance this year was like 60%/40% or maybe – no, it's actually...
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah, there's definitely, Walter, a lag of three months to six months from the time they really get started. You have to go and you have to re – basically permit and re-audit the site, make sure whatever they want to do there can be done. I mean, I would just say that we haven't had a degree of interaction yet that would give us the confidence to put something in our 2016 guidance and leave it at that.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And we look forward to our next report with our final 2015 results. Thank you.
