Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah, I think, Amir, and thanks for the question, on the spectrum, particularly the bands where multiple people want it, the AWS-3, I think you're going to see some differences in the timing of deployments. And I don't want to get too specific based on what our customers have told us, but I do believe, for example, AT&T has publicly said they're really not going to get cranked up around that until some time next year. Some of the others may be a bit sooner. And I think the same would hold true for the WCS spectrum, and we are seeing some increasing, although at least for us still not material, signs of 2.5-gigahertz activity. So a little more visibility, a little more clarity as we move through each quarter. And it definitely feels like 2017 should see some spectrum deployments that we did not see in 2016. And in terms of allocation of capital, these are big organizations, our customers that are public and have return on investment goals and a variety of calls on their capital. I think the one thing we know for sure is that over time, great wireless service, particularly when you're talking video, which a lot of investment has recently gone into the content side to pump over the wireless networks, you're going to need a lot of equipment for that. But by the same token, just as any organization I think would see it this way, money is not unlimited, and every budget cycle goes through the allocation of capital and the prioritization, and there's been a number of different things that our customers have spent their money on, and for those that are dividend payers, that certainly is extremely important, that they be able to continue to pay their dividends. So I don't think capital is unlimited in our industry. I think all that really means for us is an elongated and stretched out period of time for which investment will occur, because the one thing that doesn't change is the law of physics, and as you pump more and more traffic and more and more video through the mobile networks, you simply must have additional equipment.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think for the right price, we definitely would continue to grow in Brazil. And in fact, some of the acquisitions that we completed in the third quarter and some that we have on our books to complete going forward are in Brazil. So, we are continuing to invest in Brazil, and it's really all a function of the price. We continue to believe that long term, Brazil will be a very, very good market. So, we're doing a little bit of both.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Brendan will hit the second one, but on the 5G, Simon, we've been spending a lot of time with folks who are spending all their time figuring out what this will look like. I think when it finally gets here in our markets, it will be a combination of low band and all the way up to the high band frequencies. So, I do think we're going to see at a minimum a lot of equipment changes to support the 5G. And in fact, my understanding is that even because of the oscillation and the cycles of the frequencies, even reusing the same spectrum to produce 5G is going to require all new equipment. So, I do think there's going to be a lot of touches to the towers, and I do think we're going to have a chance to benefit from that.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I don't think there'll be a pause just because traffic continues to grow, not all the new spectrum is yet being deployed. I think it's more efficient for them to refarm. And what we're typically seeing is swap outs of equipment where you kind of get like-for-like numbers of antennas. You may lose some base stations on the ground. You may pick up some radio heads at the top of the tower, which is typically the architecture that everyone is using for LTE today. But we're pretty busy, Ric, with all the amendment work. It's actually there's a lot of very high percentage of our sites are being touched.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No. I don't think you should assume that. I don't think you should expect us to get up to something with an 8 handle on it. But I think given what we did in the prior couple of quarters where maybe we took advantage of some opportunities and bounced around a 7.6 or a 7.7, then delever back and kind of stay around there. I mean, that wouldn't be out of question. In terms of the amount, it's very simple. We set price targets periodically, and we either hit the target or we don't. We're not yet, and I don't know if we ever will be, we're not just spending a certain amount of money. We are buying stock at the best prices we can.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Without getting into numbers, Spencer, I think our bias today, and we'll have four years to refine this, is for a measured and growing approach so that there's ample capital for all things, dividends, acquisition, portfolio growth, and maybe some continued stock repurchases, as well.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. We do see opportunities. We think some of the shortfall in our initial newbuild projections for this year are just delays and not changes in ultimately what gets built. And I think we'll probably end up just a tad short of 5% this year, something with a 4 handle on it. And what it really comes down to on whether it's newbuilds, Spencer, or acquisitions, it's all about the terms that we can originate assets on versus looking at our own stock and focusing on maximizing out that return on invested capital. So, it's all a capital allocation decision. It's not about volume. There's a plenty of opportunities out there. It's all about thinking or trying to do our best to spend the money as wisely as we can.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we have always said, Nick, since we got into this business, that the ultimate determinant of how well we do as a company is largely driven by the financial health of our customers because we know the operational needs will be never ending. So, I mean, obviously your question involves balancing. It's nice to have a new, well capitalized entrant, but if it tilts the spectrum too far into bad business results for our customers, that's – I don't think would be the desirable result for the tower industry. Just the mere fact that – and we're seeing this in – I mean, Brazil is a very good example, and I'm not suggesting that there'll ever be any transition in the U.S. to the way Brazil is today, but, I mean, everybody knows that we need a ton of new equipment and new network in Brazil, but the customers are just choosing to slow roll that out based on their financial conditions.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Let me take the last one first. I hope the remarks for that – we have $1.5 billion and not necessarily that we will maintain that. The driving kind of stake in the sand, Colby, that we look at is the leverage, and our access to capital is great. So, depending on where leverage is, that may allow us to move into that liquidity somewhat. We certainly don't need to maintain that kind of liquidity, given our access to capital. So, we will have that much, and we'll see where we are at the end of the year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I mean, we don't ever really guide to buybacks, but we have talked about buybacks being a material part of getting to the $10 by 2020. So, I think over time, and I'm just not going to get into whether 2017 is going to be bigger than 2018 or not, it's going to be more.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah, I don't think we said, Matt, that the shift, the mix has changed. It's been pretty steady all year long, mostly 2/3 to 70% amendments and the remainder co-los, and that's on a revenue basis. So, if you actually did it on a per contract basis, it'd be a lot more. It'd be like 85 to 90 amendments and the rest co-los, and there hasn't been a material change in the mix all year long. And we're seeing that activity from all of them. Well, as I mentioned earlier, most all of our activity all year long has come from in the U.S. three of the four nationwide carriers, and it's been remarkably steady and consistent for close to five quarters now.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I don't think it's the drones. I think it's really a function of if you go back to 2014 and you see all the work that was done, all those people are still around looking for work, and the amount of work that is being done today in services side compared to what it was in the peak periods of 2013 and 2014 is a fraction of that. So, it's a classic supply got built up to meet demand, and then demand dropped off, and the supply is still there.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: That's on the service side. That has nothing to do with the ownership of towers. I mean, there are some folks out there that are doing business at prices that we based on our company and how we would calculate things are actually losing money. We don't want that business.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, long-term, I think it's great because the comments and the strategy and the rationale behind the transaction are to provide content for mobile, mobile video, and you got to have a great network for that to pay off. We will – we'll see when they actually get into the transaction what it may do to their short-term spend, but if it has any impact at all on short-term spend, I would expect it to be very temporal because of, again, the long-term view is you're going to need to have – if you want to monetize and maximize that content, you're going to want the best network that you could possibly have.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah, David. The answer to your first question is we've seen some but not much activity on the services side. And the second question is, yeah, we do have some visibility into that, and not sure that all of the networks on a nationwide basis are quite as similar in terms of capacity as what you stated, but we kind of have some views on that, which are actually more geographically regionalized than nationwide, but I'm not going to get into our views as to who's better where.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No, I think, whenever historically, whenever you see a coverage build and then a total technology upgrade like we saw 3G to 4G, those are going to be your peak points of activity. But what we are seeing and what our amendment activity in particular is bearing out is that capacity holds develop constantly. And as you continue to look to pump more and more through the networks and particularly as you're adding video, we see – you may not see a 2013, 2014 period again, David, but I think you're going to see years and years and years of steady demand for what we do.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Great, well, I want to thank everyone for joining us this evening, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter results. Thank you.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yeah. Sure, Richard (24:24). So, first of all, the iDen churn, which in this quarter represented on a domestic basis about 2.5% of a drag on our same tower growth rates. Most of that churn or really all of that churn took place in the fourth quarter of last year. So, as we now move into the fourth quarter of 2016 and our next reported year-over-year analysis, you will no longer have that. So, you'll see a pickup in the net growth numbers because the iDen churn will be behind us. As it relates to the non-iDen churn, we have seen that pick up a little bit recently. As indicated in our comments, we expect 2017 to be higher than 2016 on a full year-over-year basis. We've gotten some additional notices recently. This is primarily or it's entirely consolidation churn. So, you're talking Metro, Clearwire, and Leap Wireless related churn. It's not unexpected at all. I think when we provide our 2017 guidance with our fourth quarter results, we'll be able to give you our most current view at that time, but within the right context, I think the point is that we're – we've expected to see this churn happening in either case. The timing still remains to be seen a little bit, but it doesn't really have any impact on our long-term ability to hit our $10 of AFFO goal by 2020.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And, Simon, on the REIT costs, those incremental costs in the fourth quarter that are in SG&A are one time. The vast majority of that is related to the filing fee associated with the S-4, which is based on market cap in addition to some legal costs and other advisory costs associated with going through the conversion process that we announced earlier this month.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yeah. I mean, that's right, Nick. I mean the vast majority of our non-iDen churn has been consolidation related, so as we move through that, there's – we would expect it to be towards the low end and maybe even below our historical low end.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And, Colby, on your first question about the churn, so in 2016, our non-iDen churn, or at least through the first – through September 30, our non-iDen churn represented, of our consolidated same tower growth, was about 1.8%. The Metro, Leap, Clearwire component of that is a little over half of that, so close to 1% of that is due to those guys. We expect that next year will be higher than this year, and that's based primarily on an increase in the number of notifications that we've gotten from those guys recently. So, that's pushing up our expectations. And we're not giving 2017 guidance yet, so we'll give you I think a clearer view on this when we do our next release, but I think it's fair to say that we'll see an uptick in that percentage as we move into the first part of next year.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: It primarily is reflecting that. There is also a slightly weaker contribution from services than what we had projected previously.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: On the newbuilds, we did not guide to an increase, so, in fact, we actually expect it'll be a little bit lower than what we previously said. We're expecting we'll probably finish the year with about 400 newbuilds as opposed to I think we were somewhere around 450 last quarter when we mentioned the full year expectations.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: No, it's, I mean, Jeff mentioned earlier, much of the reduction is due to timing. I mean, we still have an expectation that a number of these sites will be completed next year instead of this year, but there's also some competition around the sites, and we're just making what we think are wise capital allocation decisions to not participate in some of those opportunities due to either poor economic or other terms.
