Brendan Cavanagh: Well, clearly I'll take the last one first Mike. Clearly, 10.5 times is extremely attractive price that takes into account exactly that. We don't really believe any of the next revenue will stay on and we have heavily discounted the oil revenue as well in our underwriting. So yes, all that was taken into account when we arrived at the price. In terms of AT&T, I listened to their call and heard their comments and based on our observations in our markets, which are mostly suburban highway corridor and rural. I think the numbers that they were talking about mostly came from dense urban markets, which makes a lot of sense because that's how all new -- that's where all new generational upgrades start. So we still have in our opinion, a very, very long way to go with, AT&T and their C-band and 3.45 work and Dish is a very active contributor. They would represent most all of the new leases that we are signing domestically. So there will be some ebbs and flows as they work around their will have a -- they have already worked around their 2022 regulatory requirements and are now going to be working towards their 2023 regulatory requirements, but still a very, very active participant.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, the churn is -- it is mostly you should think of it as rolling into next year or future year it's largely timing related as opposed to below our expectations. It's just the timing primarily around the Sprint, T-Mobile decommissioning is a little bit more deferred than the estimates that we had made, but we don't expect the total to really be any different.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, it was well, last quarter we actually brought it down about $3 million and we brought it down about another $3 million this quarter. So this year is probably closer to '24 that's what's assumed in our numbers right now for '22, for 2022. And next year we're probably somewhere in the $15 million to $25 million range. It's a fairly wide range, but obviously there are some uncertainties around exact timing, but somewhere in that $20-ish million level.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, it was the right time because the opportunity presented itself at a time and on terms where we thought it was very attractive for our future value creation. What's going on in Brazil right now is, they've got a fairly hawkish central bank. They have -- I think they're little bit ahead of the US in terms of their economy having, being dancing around a recession. The demand, notwithstanding that for cellular and 5G continues to mushroom in Brazil. You have, you know, this rationalization going on with the oil transaction for three carriers who now have bought a lot of new spectrum that needs to be deployed and are in a better market share position to do all that. So we like the dynamic a lot, Rick and we know these assets well and we know the sellers well, and all things kind of came together in the right way.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. We're always going to disclose it very specifically, Rick, but it's not necessarily a bad thing. This is…
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I think as long as we can continue to produce the organic growth Simon, we're fine in the 7 to 7.5 times. But, if we don't find good things to buy, it'll obviously be trending lower. In terms of your first question, I think there are some breaks on the margins that are happening around the world in terms of seller and buyer expectations coming more together. But in this particular case, this was more a situation of these particular assets, our familiarity with them, the fact that it was the last tranche of towers that the seller had and needed to sell them to basically liquidate some funds and do some things that private equity needs to do. So I would attribute it more to this deal that I would a wholesale change in the buying environment. Although I do think that is improving.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I don't want to give the exact number but, there the oil, well, as Jeff said, we're assuming that all of the next revenue goes away. The total for oil and next tell is about 17%. So Nextel is roughly half of that. So you can probably do the math from there.
Brendan Cavanagh: Stuff that doesn't go in the $66 million bucket. Right because, we want to be careful as to how folks think about that year after year after year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. On GTS, as of right now, we plan to be opportunistic in the financing markets. That financing, we haven't been specific about that. We do have the capacity on our revolver and with the cash that we're generating from operations to handle it if necessary, but we do intend to be opportunistic. We do have a maturity. Our next step maturity actually comes up in March of next year and so that will be refinanced at some point between now and then, and there's capacity within our ABS structure to actually raise more money. So that might be a contributor. So we'll see how that goes. In the general sense of secured versus unsecured, I don't think they're obviously all up right now in terms of pricing. For us there's still availability and any of the markets that we typically use. So it's not a question of access, it's really just a question of pricing and so we intend to be take our time and be opportunistic. And as was mentioned in the script, we have other than this one maturity that I mentioned, which represents about 5% of our outstanding debt. We don't have any maturities for over two years. So we have the flexibility to be a little bit patient with that. But, I think you should expect we'll continue to use the secured markets as we have in the past. But a mix of both will likely be the path for us.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. When you think about how this is going to go, and there'll be exceptions of course to this, but for the most part, the rollouts by T-Mobilem, Verizon and AT&T are going to be heavily amendment. For Dish it's going to be more colo. And then when we get to the densification part, Greg, you kind of lean towards amendment, but I believe that you will see I think a higher percentage of brand new leases when we get to the deification stage.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah, I think Batya, the most we could say about the trajectory is that the fourth quarter of this year we believe will be the highest growth rate of the year and we'll let you extrapolate what that means going forward. And obviously we'll give a full review when we give our 2023 guidance. Brendan, I'm going to let you take the churn question.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah, Rick, we've been kind of ballparking on our portfolio of at about $20 million to $30 million US over the next many years. This portfolio actually reduces our exposure to oil on a percentage basis in Brazil, but would probably add somewhere in the $3-ish million of incremental oil churn would be our current estimate.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. That's -- obviously it's been trending down. Part of the reason it's trending down Rick is because as we've done amendments and had longer terms to some of our tenant leases, you amortize it over a longer period of time. So it's actually had a reducing effect. So it really is just a function of how much augmentation work we do that we get reimbursed for and which leases that relates to how much time they have. But I think based on the way that it's trended, that number that you just mentioned of $25 million or so is probably a reasonable estimate, but it's been higher in the past and it's been lower. So, we'll see how it goes, but, I think that's a reasonable estimate.
Jeffrey Stoops: Understand it for what it is. So it's not something we look to discourage but you can depend on us that it's always going to be clearly marked out.
Jeffrey Stoops: It's over the next several years. Some of it is specific to the timeframes that of the terms of those agreements, Simon and they're all spread out to different dates but you should assume over the next three years roughly on average, but it won't be even, it'll be certain amount each.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, it was realized this quarter. It's basically there's a few different things in there, but it's essentially what we consider cash basis revenue, which is stuff that we're collecting kind of one off. Sometimes there's extra fees that are paid or holdover fees, things that are not part of the recurring ongoing lease. So we classify it as other, but the increase is really that we got more of that than we expected. So almost all of that is stuff that we realized in the second quarter. There may be a small amount of projected for the second half of the year, but most of it was actually realized.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, the services revenue is pretty straightforward. It's just more activity, more stuff going and our services business is almost entirely gained gleaned from our own towers. So it's just a lot of activity, Phil. And in terms of the -- remember we report those growth rates on a trailing 12 month basis. So a lot of what you're going to see in our financial reports for the second or the third and the fourth quarter, we already know, it's already kind of on the books. So, that part of it there's much less risk, so to speak than those and as we move through the year as a calendar year company, the risk drops and drops and drops. So here we are in August, our year isn't entirely baked yet, but it's pretty close. Yeah. And so to your question on dish being a part of it, they're certainly a part of it because they've been a big part of our leasing activity success over the last really last year. And so the timing of when those leases commence is a driver. And so it's certainly a contributing factor to the increasing growth that we expect in Q3 and Q4.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well internationally, recall and we talked about this last quarter, the data center we bought in Brazil. We are having more advanced discussions there around CRAN  and other carrier deployments that, we'll tie into owning a data center and data center expertise. So that's encouraging, but in terms of the edge itself, we're adding couple three, four, five, maybe as many as 10 new many facilities a quarter, but it's still we're not yet prepared to say the edge is here and it's at the tower site. It's all going in the right direction, but it still needs more time, certainly is still a ways off from being material. Now in terms of the services contributions, I believe in our 10-Q we disclose who our top services customers are. So I will accelerate that for you that, and it is T-Mobile, Verizon and Dish are going to be the top three, right. Brendan. Yeah, for this quarter Tmobile, certainly the number one. Yeah. Yeah.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, a number of folks in addition to T-Mobile registered, I would agree with you only based on what I read, most folks expect T-Mobile to be the big winner and any kind of spectrum for us is new spectrum is going to prove valuable in one degree or another. Now, if it's folks who don't have existing 2.5 gigahertz spectrum to deploy, that's going to generally mean new radios and antennas. So that can be a little more impactful than not, but just having more spectrum and greater densification that will permit is a good thing. So, I'm not really going to speculate as to who else is going to put in bids that ultimately win the day. We're just happy that there's another auction, a very valuable mid band spectrum that we know ultimately gets deployed.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah, I think there'll be opportunities. And I think when all of our customers talk about when this spectrum gets deployed, they they're generally talking about coverage and that's just really, the end of coverage is the beginning of densification and all the infill and other things that will ultimately be driven by consumer uptake of 5G apps and products. So when we think about these periods of additional investment, they have always in our history gone well beyond the dates that folks talk about achieving their pops, their desired pops coverage, because then you just -- then it gets to densification, which is much different.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. And while we may be opportunistic David and raise the money, from somewhere else for purposes of our outlook, it assumes cash on hand and a revolver draw.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, the short answer to your last question is yes. So that could vary very well happen and I'm sorry, what was color versus amendments and the mix in terms of a shift, if you kind of go back really the colo side of it in the US is heavily driven by Dish. And so as you have a little less dish contribution, you see the percentage shifting more towards amendments and I think with that, and the mix towards infill, as we talked about amendments will probably be trending higher as a percentage.
Jeffrey Stoops: Okay. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us. We had a great quarter and we look forward to our next report. Thank you.
Ric Prentiss: Want to follow up on some of Michael's questions? Why was now the right time? Was it just the right price as far as doing the GTS deal and help us understand maybe as we should think about total exposure to Nextel and timing for Nextel to affect your international operations and I've got a follow up.
Ric Prentiss: Okay. And you all know me. I really harp on this whole amortization of prepaid rent. I don't like it. I know you have to account for it. It's just -- it's not cash. Yours has been very tiny. I think about $25 million. Crown did acknowledge and provide a table, this earning season on where their level was at $560 million, drop it to maybe $450 million maybe going in and lower American tower talked about theirs had been maybe $140 million dropping to $110 million. Should we think of your kind of $25 million a year as a good number because again, we really think cash, AFO and funds available for distribution is the right way to do valuations.
Ric Prentiss: It's great for return on capital. I just like to think of it as net capital return on yield kind of thing, as opposed to an AFFO number. I just don't like it an AFFO.
