Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I don't want to get into specific customer by customer detail, Jonathan, about who's up and who's flat. So I would just as soon leave it at that. In terms of the – and obviously, hopefully, we made it clear this was though in the domestic market and there was a pickup in the aggregate from the four domestic carriers. In terms of what else can help, the 10/20 – I mean obviously organic leasing activity picking up from last year's levels, which is off of which that long-term projection was made, would have a positive effect. Interest rates, currency – not so much M&A necessarily unless it's very cheap or stock repurchases, because we do assume in the model fairly full levels of investment, at least all the way through 2019. So I would say it's really those first three items that I pointed out that could have the most variability on the $10 per share.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we're clearly going to get a fair amount of amendment revenue. I can't size it for you just yet. But given the nature of our portfolio, which is primarily non-urban, more suburban and rural, the 600 megahertz, particularly in the hands of T-Mobile, I think will be a great source of new business for us.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. In terms of lease pricing, while we don't have any binding contracts with our customers that set pricing, we actually, Simon, have a fairly consistent and predictable pricing structure with all of our clients or whatever it is that they're seeking to do. Now that will evolve as we see more of FirstNet and the 600 megahertz, those specs are not entirely baked yet at this point. But when they do become baked, we will have a price and that price will be very predictable and very consistent. And that's, frankly, the way we've been dealing with our customers for many, many, many years. I am sorry...
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Now, we still have some time remaining on our old MLAs with T-Mobile and Sprint, which extend that, I believe, four or five years. But not ever having an MLA with AT&T and Verizon, Simon, those are going to average two-and-a-half to three years, which is the constantly rolling over of a series of five-year leases.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. We're assuming no change in our historical – well, our current escalator that has been essentially in place now for many years...
Jeffrey A. Stoops: ...domestically, domestically. Yeah. Obviously, it changes internationally where the escalators are based predominantly on CPI.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Co-los are up relative to where they were probably through most of 2016. I hope we didn't imply or say that all four U.S. carriers were up, because that was not the case. In the aggregate, they were up, but it was not consistent as to where that increase came from. And I'm really not going to get into the specifics of who, what and where. But, in general, it was – so on the co-los, it was some new AWS-3 and 700 megahertz and in other cases, it was also just capacity needs. And I guess, believe it or not, there's still some coverage needs out there as well.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I think the building blocks to allow that to occur are in place, and we're pleased about that. But certain things have to happen. But I think we're well-positioned to see all that through.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. The site development work does have opportunity for upside, particularly depending on most importantly when the 600 megahertz deployments from T-Mobile start and when the FirstNet, which will now include some AWS-3 and WCS spectrum from AT&T, commences. But you're right, Phil, that's really the first line of recognition. In terms of Oi, Oi continues to work through submitting. And kind of like a tennis ball bouncing over the net, there is a plan that gets proposed by the company and then there is creditor feedback. Creditors in Brazil do not have the ability to submit their own plan, but they do have the ability to comment and provide guidance to whatever current plan management has submitted. Probably the most recent development, which gives us further comfort that all of this will turn out just fine to actually better than the way it used to be, is the government has made several statements about stepping in if they think that in any way the basic Oi service and the impact on consumers would be detrimental. And they have that ability to do that. So at the end of the day, that may be the catalyst that brings this to a resolution and basically moots whatever plan the current shareholders seem to be putting forward.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. The prices vary, Matt, and there's still a lot of mid to high-20 times multiples being paid for U.S. tower assets that frankly we know they're not as good as what we own. The blend of what we have under contract and what we've done is the high-teens tower cash flow multiple, which we're happy with. But I also think that's going to be somewhat limiting in terms of our ability to buy everything, because there is a very high bid out there, as I mentioned, for both domestic and U.S. tower assets. So we're doing what we've done for close to 20 years now, which is buy things in smaller packages, use our long-term relationships in history to find things that others can't and really work hard to find the best assets for the best price. We continue to be focused on macro sites. I mean, you used the word small cells, but really what small cells is, is fiber. And our shareholders want us to be a tower company. So we are very much focused on that. We will continue to look at exclusive pieces of real property where we might have some advantages that could lead to small cells, but to move into the fiber business is not something that we're pursuing today.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Capacity, on a look forward 12-month basis is in excess of $1 billion. I mean, you look at the AFFO projections, you look at where we would take leverage at 7.5 – or where we could leverage additional EBITDA growth at 7.5 times and I think you get to well above that number.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Our intent – I mean I can't tell you today which of those two it's going to be, but I can tell you we're going to stay at the high-end of our target leverage range. And then, the math kind of falls out from there depending on whether you spend it on portfolio growth or stock repurchases. So...
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I don't think we're looking to bring leverage down in this environment. I think we're looking to stay exactly where we've been in the last couple years.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I don't know that we can give you an exact number on that, but I think you could back into it by using a high-teens tower cash flow multiple against the purchase price for those assets, and there you'll have your TCF number. And in terms of the...
Jeffrey A. Stoops: And in terms of our appetite, it's going to remain predominantly, if not exclusively, in the western hemisphere.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, pretty much a 100%, other than some legacy leases that we picked up when we bought the mobility portfolio, where T-Mobile has some broader equipment rights. But beyond those 2,000 sites for that particular customer, everything, Nick, is equipment-specific. What will actually drive the answer to that question is, does the swap bring with it any increase in weight or size, weight or wind load, in which event we will surely most likely monetize that. And then the next question is, if it does not come – and we think it'd be very few and far between where the scenario that you painted does not bring about some increase in weight or wind load, but assume that it does. Then, we will look at the specifics of that site where it is, what the customer's already paying, and we may allow that to occur for free. I've talked for a year plus now about how we kind of manage our relationship with our customers. And while we do have the legal right to charge for every change-out, whether it increases the load or not, we sometimes don't do that just because we continue to be good partners.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We would basically, Brett, be looking for equipment specificity, and that was really the key component of the couple of MLAs that we did do. I mean, we have no trouble agreeing to things like escalators and prices for certain specs. And it's where there is some lack of specificity about what someone may be able to do on the tower within a certain space on the tower that is something that philosophically we have never agreed to.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We might have bought some with lower escalators. We would not have bought any that had non-specific equipment leases.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I mean, it's a slight positive, but you'd have to weigh that against what you're giving up. I mean, the way you account for the typical MLA, it really has a nice benefit in the first year and then it starts to not, depending on how it's structured, look so good once you lap that first year. So you have to kind of be careful about that. But, I mean, we have operated the business, Brett, ever since we started on the basis of trying to anticipate the level of activity that our customers are actually going to enjoy. And we've tried to not alter that to either someone's gain or loss through MLA contracts.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We're only going to increase our guidance based off of the results we just report, not on any prospective change in view.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It's got to be a long climb. You pay tower climbers by the day, they're typically hourly paid workers. And it's always going to be cheaper than two separate trips, because you've got mobilization costs and the basic time it takes to get up the tower. Once they're there, they can do more. So you would split the costs where it's obvious as to who the work is being done for. But there is going to be a substantial amount of services work and revenue that comes out of all this, but it will be more efficient. So I think you'll see more business to the folks who provide those services, and you'll also see lower per unit costs for our customers.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, they'd either be paying their own rent with a new co-lo or they would have had to have cut a deal with one of those similar to what was contemplated in the old Sprint-LightSquared way and what is likely to be contemplated with the AT&T-FirstNet deployment. You either have to commit under an existing tenancy or you have to create a new tenancy.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: The guidance is based on where we enjoyed the outperformance in Q1 and holding everything else the same. And we do remember that head fake, and that's not something we're going to repeat.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. It's really the gamut. There is a wide variety of opportunities and size transactions out there. And we probably will do better, at least our experience was, where we since secure these – the least the competitive bid process, the better pricing that we're going to get. And we're trying to get as many of those as we can.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I mean all of what you just said, Mike, is true. We have an increasingly positive view on all parts of LatAm, and we would be open and looking to any of those opportunities. We'll be as creative and a smart around this as the opportunities present themselves.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I do agree with that basic premise, Jennifer, and it's good to hear from you. Our portfolio is, as you well know, it's predominantly rural and suburban. And all the conversations around 5G and small cells has really pretty much been concentrated around the urban markets, where you can easily draw the picture of the millimeter wave spectrum and the fiber-fed units, that really doesn't have practical application outside of the urban market. So we are very confident that we are going to play a very critical role in 5G in the areas where we currently have towers. We don't expect for a minute, because it just simply won't work, as a service offering that 5G is limited to urban market. It will, of course, be rolled out to the suburban and urban markets just as all generations have been, and we will participate in that. And in terms of pricing power, I don't know that the G moniker necessarily increases or decreases the pricing power. I mean our business has always enjoyed, because of the exclusive nature of the assets, pricing power, which is why we are able to produce the margins that we have and the growth that we have. Now the object is to balance that against the needs and the health of our customers who we want to succeed to the greatest financial extent possible because with that financial success on their part, we think it all comes back to the network. So I agree with everything you said. And I think that as we move to 5G, it will really be just one more continuation of the course of dealings that we've had over the years.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I want to thank everyone for joining us. And we look forward to our second quarter results call. Thank you very much.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Most of leases are typically five years in length. Some are sometimes 10 years. So we don't have any that go out farther than that. So generally on average they are in the 3-ish year range domestically.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Sure. Okay. Yeah, I mean, we still think buybacks are very attractive now for a variety of reasons. One, when you look at our value relative to what we believe intrinsic value to be, it's still a very attractive purchase. The fact that we didn't buy any during the first quarter was driven more by, as we mentioned in our prepared comments, by opportunities for potential portfolio growth that we were evaluating. And in order to preserve liquidity for those potential opportunities, we did hold back on some of the buybacks. But we fully expect to be buying more shares as the year goes on, and we think it's still a very attractive value. And even relative to other companies and where they're valued at, ours is actually I think still arguably a very good buy. So...
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: No. Well, there's a mix. Some have gone away and others remain. So I think, going forward, you will see a mix of both buybacks and portfolio growth.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Okay. And then your other question was on the item in the AFFO. It's a small item. We did add a line that is related to some very small joint ventures that have begun generating contributions to AFFO. These are basically startup JVs. They wouldn't have contributed – hardly anything in the past, so that's why they weren't there before. But they're immaterial items that we're sort of exploring right now. They're totally related to the tower business though. But beyond that, we don't really want to comment for competitive reasons.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Yeah. The legal costs that I mentioned were really just to highlight that we actually had some one-time items that had to do with specific litigation, and that's why we had a little bit of a spike in SG&A. It's in the $300,000 to $400,000 range. But it's an item though we don't expect to repeat. There is nothing otherwise special about it. As it relates to the FX impact, basically for every $0.05 change in the Brazilian to U.S. dollar exchange rate beyond what we have assumed in our guidance, you would have about a $2.5 million change in the revenue line for the balance of the year. And it would be a $1.5 million approximately down to the EBITDA and AFFO lines. So if you take where we are today, we're roughly about $0.10 difference from where the actual spot rates are versus our projection. So basically twice those amounts would be the impact. And then, do you want to -
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Well, we – if you look at – there is a bridge that we've included in our Supplemental package, which has our bridge of revenue growth. And you can see how much is being contributed by non-organic sources, which is primarily acquisitions, also includes new builds. Since the last earnings release that we did in February, we've increased the amount being contributed to revenue from those items by $5 million. That basically represents acquisitions that have been put under contract or closed since then that weren't under contract at the time that we gave that guidance. So we don't give projections for anything we don't have under contract though.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: Yeah. I think you'll see them start to come down in the not too distant future. But it's not just iDEN, it also does include some sites that are naked that used to have Metro or other – or Clearwire, other ones that are related to consolidation related terminations. So depending on our evaluation of those particular sites and how comfortable we are as to whether or not they'll be able to add incremental revenues. In some cases, we feel it's a better decision to save on the costs and to decommission the tower. So it has been a little bit higher recently. But I think as we get a year or so out, you'll start to see that come down.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: And there's also a chunk of that that is non-cash related, such as non-cash comp. And so, when you look at it, the contribution to EBITDA isn't that full amount. But, yes, for the balance of the year anyway it should be relatively steady. Actually, let me back up on that for a second, because the first quarter is actually usually a touch higher because we do have elevated payroll taxes and things of that nature.
Brendan Thomas Cavanagh: It'll probably be a little bit lower, but there are other items that tick up. So I think next quarter it'll actually be lower.
