Jeffrey Stoops: I will cover the international, first, Jonathan. Yes, the 80% is not portfolio growth, it’s incremental revenue. So obviously 80%, vast majority of that activity is coming from new leases as you would expect in markets like Brazil where there is still tremendous coverage needs. On the DAS side, the business certainly has some attractions. We are participating today in terms of a number of small cell deployments. We’re actually signing up a bunch of small cells on a number of our towers. It's interesting they are generally being placed at the 30 foot mark and we’re getting what we think are some very fair and good rents for that. So we continue to watch the area, it looks to be developing positively. And we expect to continue to pay attention there.
Jeffrey Stoops: I think we’re going to continue to watch how things develop particularly with the Telesat spinoff and see what that does to tower competition in that market. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, Rick, on the pricing, there continues to be a strong bid for quality US tower assets. Depending on the maturity of the asset, we’re looking at high teens to low 20s tower cash flow multiples. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, Brendan, why don’t you give you an update on the NOL and I will share our thoughts on reconversion. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I would only add to that, that we got ourselves ready to go with, Ric, when there were some proposals made a year, perhaps long ago now that looked like they could change the definitions and the qualifications for REIT status. That no longer appears to be a front burner item or even a mid burner item in Congress ahead of the presidential elections. So we’re continuing to watch all that carefully but as Brendan said we believe it’s in our best interest and those of our shareholders to not really convert into a REIT before we feel we have to.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes maybe slightly earlier a lot of our investment has been done internationally which has less impact on our projections related to future losses in the US. So I would say somewhere around maybe 2018 would be the current estimate in terms of timing. 
Jeffrey Stoops: We could develop that business on our own and then as I mentioned earlier we are watching all aspects of that very carefully. So you should stay tuned on that front. And on the international side, there’s not any direct evidence that the reais and the Brazilian economy is directly impacting carrier activity but we believe in general, Richard, that there has to be some impact that has permeated all through the Brazilian society and the carriers down there are not immune to that. So I can't quantify for you what exactly that impact is but I do think the reais and the general economic conditions down there do have an impact. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, on your first question, David, you're exactly right. We have not yet -- first of all, we do believe that carrier activity is going to pick up in the second half but we haven't seen it yet. And because we haven't seen it yet, we did not reflect it in an increase in our outlook. It’s really exactly that simple as to where things are sitting today. We do believe it's going to happen but until we actually see tangible signs of it, it’s not going to show up in our projections. So that's where we sit today.  On the Sprint side, there's a lot of discussions going on and there are some pricing discussions going on and a variety of different things about the next generation network plans, very exciting and I think are going to bode very well for our company. What's unclear is the timing of that and whether that is going to have a material impact on our 2015 results. And again because we don't have certainty around that that is not included in our outlook.
Jeffrey Stoops: Simon, on the FX or escalators in our leasing contracts, all of our tenant leases in Brazil have escalators that are tied to an index -- a cost-of-living index, basically a CPI equivalent that reflects inflationary rates. So to the extent that those are higher which tends to be the case when we have this weakness that we are seeing relative to the US dollar in terms of FX rate they tend to be higher. The timing of us to get the benefit of that though depends on when those leases escalate and so they all escalate to dates. A lot of them escalate on the acquisitions that we did in terms of the leasebacks typically on the anniversary of the closing date. So for instance on April 1, we had a fairly sizable escalation due to the second Oi deal that we closed April 1 of last year and that was at a much higher rate than previous escalations we’ve seen but we generally don't see it until we actually hit those escalation dates.
Jeffrey Stoops: On the stock buyback, Colby, everything we do from a capital allocation perspective starts with where we want to capitalize the company. So keeping the business levered at 7 to 7.5 times now that we've satisfied the warrants don't have to devote capital to that any longer. I mean we’re going to have a lot of money that we’re going to be able to invest. Our primary focus as it always has been, will continue to be portfolio growth but to the extent that we don't find opportunities there that we like that meet our return requirements we will be directing those funds towards stock buybacks. I am not going to sit and tell you how much on any particular quarter, I don’t think that’s in our best interest to do that. But I will tell you that now with the warrants behind us, the odds of stock buybacks have gone up quite a bit. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, going back years, Brett, to the time when we made the decision to go international, it really stemmed from this issue which is that we want to continue to have enough of a geographic playing field so that we could stay fully invested to our target leverage desires through portfolio growth. So as the world has progressed, there's been less and less available in the US in terms of big deals. But I will tell you and our results I think show in our backlogs and the things that we’re working on that aren't yet under agreement there's a lot of smaller opportunities there that give me great confidence that we can certainly hit the low end of our portfolio of growth goals of at least 5% or maybe more in the US. There's plenty of opportunities through building and buying to allow us to do that. And that will get weighed against international opportunities or that will get weighed against the stock repurchases and we will allocate capital that we think will result in the best long-term value creation for our shareholders.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I'm not familiar with that. My understanding is it's either in effect now or to go in effect shortly. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, we’re very very excited about the future. What is at play right now is a historic low in some of our customers’ spending which we don't think by any stretch can be or will be long-term particularly as we look at the AWS-3 rollout. So as we think about the Sprint next-generation project, the AT&T, AWS-3, the work that T-Mobile has yet ahead of it and what Verizon kind of has done on a steady basis through the years I think 2016, ‘17 and beyond are pretty exciting times. So I do believe that these current quarters that we’re in, last quarter, the fourth quarter I think are aberrations and that these will be worked through as carriers come off of their spending break and get back to their historic steady heavy investment in network.
Jeffrey Stoops: No, it is not and we are optimistic and hopeful that by the end of 2016 we can start to see some activity. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I will take the small cells. The deployments that we are seeing are on our towers in -- and towers that are located on the edges of urban markets. And what we've seen most commonly are three small cells, one on each base of the tower, basically it’s the word I am looking -- a sectorized installation there. We’re not involved other than through watching our investment and watching the industry yet through some of the other small cells type deployments that are going on, on streetlamps and things like that. So our direct exposure right now is through our own towers which we’re pleased to see.  In terms of tenants per tower, they will not have moved at all in Brazil giving the amount of new product that we have added to our portfolio over the last year. I'm guessing we’re around 1.3 tenants per tower, 1.4, you can call Mark and get some specifics on that, and we are moving up slightly the tenants per tower in the United States. I think we’re now maybe have gone from 1.9 to 2 and on these trends which are more new leases now than they were amendments, we would expect that to continue to increase.  End of Q&A
Jeffrey Stoops: Great. Well, thanks everyone for joining us and we look forward to reporting our second-quarter results. Thank you.
Brendan Cavanagh: Hey Ric, it’s Brendan. On the timing, as we sign up few additional deals, we’re basically letting you know that we expect all of the deals that under contract to close by the end of the third quarter, some of them will probably close during the second quarter which you could probably tell from our guidance around second-quarter CapEx. So it’s not really slippage in terms of timing, it’s more just added some deals that will actually be in the third quarter. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, we still have a substantial federal NOLs, it's approximately $1.3 billion today. We did have a little bit of taxable income in 2014 but it was minuscule to say the least. So we still have pretty much our full NOL at this point and I think from a timing standpoint on reconversion we have done a lot of work to prepare ourselves to convert whatever we feel the time is right but as long as we have the NOLs and we feel good about our strategy I think for the time being, we’re content today on the same path. 
Brendan Cavanagh: In terms of Central America, Simon, everything there is escalated on a fixed rate like we do in the US, so everything is paid in US dollars. But in terms of activity we had a great second-quarter Central America. We actually had a number of pleasantly surprising large deployments particularly in Panama that – for the entire region, put us well ahead of plan there for the year. So Central America continues to go very well for us. 
Brendan Cavanagh: And Colby, on your second question about the growth rate of 9%, we expect the domestic growth rate to be very close to 9% as well with the international being higher at just north of 10%. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Michael, the actual growth rate that we saw internationally just a quarter ago was about 13%. We’re projecting a little north of 10% for this year because we’re now rolling in the impact of wireline sites that we added at the end of 2013 and those we expect to frankly grow at a slower pace, because they were much lower cost sites. And we do – yes, we’re very aware of the new law, we’re optimistic, it has a shot pot [ph] feature similar to what was adopted here in the United States. The trick down there, Michael, will be due to municipalities actually embraced it and adopted and followed it and if they do it should lead to simplification certainty and speed it up new build processes.
