Mark DeRussy: Good evening and thank you for joining us for SBA's second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we will discuss on this call is forward-looking, including but not limited to, any guidance for 2023 and beyond. In today's press release and in our SEC filings, we detail material risks that may cause our future results to differ from our expectations. Our statements are as of today, July 31. We have no obligation to update any forward-looking statement we may make. In addition, our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures and other key operating metrics. The reconciliation of and other information regarding these items can be found in our supplemental financial data package which is located on the landing page of our Investor Relations website. With that, I will now turn it over to Brendan to discuss our second quarter results.
Mark DeRussy: Thanks, Brendan. We ended the quarter with $12.7 billion of total debt and $12.4 billion of net debt. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 6.6x. And below the low end of our target range and the lowest level in decades. Our second quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was a strong 4.9x. During a subsequent to quarter end, we repaid amounts under our revolving credit facility. And as of today, we have $360 million outstanding under our $1.5 billion revolver. The current weighted average interest rate of our total outstanding debt is 3.1%, with a weighted average maturity of approximately 3.5 years. The current rate on our outstanding revolver balance was 6.3%. The interest rate of 95% of our current outstanding debt is fixed. During the quarter, we did not purchase any shares of our common stock, choosing instead to reduce revolver balances. We currently have $505 million of repurchase authorization remaining under our $1 billion stock repurchase plan. The company shares outstanding at June 30, 2023, were $108.4 million. In addition, during the quarter, we declared and paid a cash dividend of $92.1 million or $0.85 per share. And today, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a third quarter dividend of $0.85 per share payable on September 20, 2023, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 24, 2023. This dividend represents an increase of approximately 20% over the dividend we paid in the year ago period. and only 26% of our projected full year AFFO. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark DeRussy: And Dave, on the term loan, your question of modeling, if I can only say into the future enough but we, yes. I mean, the best thing, I think, for people to do when looking at it is probably to assume a similar like-for-like refinancing. And I would expect that spreads will be similar to up slightly from where they are today but we'll have to see how that plays out. And then it's just a matter of using the forward curve in terms of the benchmark, SOFA rate. But that doesn't mean that that's necessarily how it will play out. We will probably have -- we will be evaluating multiple different options. There may be a mix of different instruments that we use. Some may be fixed and some may be floating but all things are on the table for us right now and we look at that, frankly, every day. But if you're just simply modeling out long term, I think the best thing to do is to assume a like-for-like instrument.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So on the MLA, first of all, on the numbers, the $6 million increase is basically due to the MLA. Obviously, that was our -- the 72% [ph] is what we reported last time, we increased to 78% and activity was a little bit slower in the second quarter. So we expect that the MLA will kick in right away based on the terms of it and will be a contributor going forward. In terms of the cadence would be fairly flat. I would expect actually that we'll see an uptick in terms of the contribution to the third quarter as a result of the and then you'll see it be a little bit lower into the fourth quarter. And that lower trajectory has nothing to do with the MLA. That's really based on slowing activity from other carriers. If you recall correctly, we had kind of a trajectory expected that was downward leaning throughout the year and I would expect that will continue as it relates to other contributors. In terms of why, Rick, this agreement with AT&T has been in the works for well over a year. And it's a deal that we believe is beneficial to both organizations. We've been working on it for that period of time and trying to signal and be transparent to our openness for this type of agreement knowing that we were likely to enter into this agreement which we have. We really don't want to comment too much on what's going on with other customers. But just as we have always said, we are not hung up so much on structure as we are on finding mutually beneficial agreements with our customers.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Mike. So it will certainly smooth the way that we operate with AT&T. So I think from that perspective, perhaps it impacts our reported growth numbers in terms of ebbs and flows. There may be a little bit less of that, at least as it relates to this particular agreement. From a straight-line impact, we would expect that over the course of the agreement that we will have some straight-line impacts but there are no straight line -- or very minimal straight-line impacts in the short term.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So on the first question, we do -- we expect that the fourth quarter run rate, you're talking specifically, just to be clear about domestic organic leasing contribution to be around approximately $17 million to $17.5 million. But I would definitely caution you as to using that as an indicator of next year. As I mentioned earlier, the trajectory based on activity levels is declining. And as a result, we would expect those numbers to step down as we move into next year. We're obviously not ready to give 2024 guidance yet at this point. but just kind of broadly when you think about it, the way we've always explained it and just the way that it actually happens is that you get a lot of growth, for instance, the 2023 growth is based heavily on the leasing activity that took place at the end of last year, 2022. And next year's numbers will be based heavily on the leasing activity that's taking place this year. So the number is a little bit higher than we said before because of the impacts of the MLA for the fourth quarter but I don't believe we'll be indicative of the numbers for next year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Right. John, we can't give specific numbers out. And obviously, a number of our agreements with other customers are fluid and where those amounts end up or obviously unknown. So as a percentage, it's hard to say as well. So we can't be very specific about it but we do have some portion of our revenue base that is locked in now under this agreement that wasn't before.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the services question, David, we've had a lot of history. Actually, you recall, that's how SBA started. So we have a very flexible cost structure that allows us to ramp up, ramp down we use a lot of subcontracted tower crews. We have our own but we also use subcontracted tower crews. And 1 of the things that has really served us well and our customers give us high praise for this is by using our services people for work on our towers for them, they are greatly benefited in terms of speed to market and efficiencies. So I don't think that changes. So I guess if I had to choose 1 of your 2 options lean out or lean in, we'll look to lean in and not be afraid to do that because of our confidence in how we manage that business.
Brendan Cavanagh: I can't really answer that question, Walt, because there's so many elements that go into it. what would the activity be with AT&T, otherwise, those types of things. So I can't really say for sure what it would be, given that we were working on this for quite a while. [Technical Difficulty] First, we don't like to discuss the individual customers but obviously, DISH has just gotten through a major deadline that they had. There's a little bit of a slowdown or pause, if you will, related to that. And we would expect that will eventually pick up. But given the delay between signings and revenue recognition, I would expect that will weigh year-over-year on next year. and T-Mobile was frankly very, very busy as well and you have somewhat of a similar dynamic there. But that's what we're going into for next year. But longer term, there's still a lot to do there. So we can...
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I don't think there's something particularly new. I think it's been a little bit slower than what we had anticipated before. But directionally, it's still the same. So what does that mean for next year? Does that mean $5 million difference or $10 million. I can't tell you yet. We're not ready to get there and we still have half the year to go. But it's marginally worse than what we thought in terms of the balance of the other carriers.
Brendan Cavanagh: Right. So it does -- there may be a few exceptions because of specific issues around individual sites but the vast majority of our sites are covered by the MLA.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, that have AT&T on of course. And then on the escalator piece, I can't really get into the specifics around what the escalator is but our historical escalator with AT&T has been north of 3% and we would expect that to continue.
Brendan Cavanagh: It would be. It would be if you took DISH out of the mix, you would have a much higher percentage of amendments of the total.
Brendan Cavanagh: No, we can't give you that kind of specificity now. Much less it was but it's much less than it was exiting last year.
Brendan Cavanagh: I mean it's hard to say because, obviously, previously, it would be very specific to the timing of when they were signing things. We don't know exactly what that timing would be. So could be pulling forward, could be pushing.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So the other international was -- roughly half of that was in the second quarter. There is some that is in the balance of the year. And it's frankly a mix of things. It's not 1 thing in particular. There was some increased cash basis revenue recovery that we did not necessarily forecast and some that we've actually even seen subsequent to quarter end. And then also some termination fees. And just other frankly, cats and dogs, Nick but they did add up and we actually have higher expectations for the balance of the year. So that's that piece of it. On the accounting reclassification it basically has to do with the decommissioning of some carrier-related equipment, basically Sprint oriented equipment at some of our tower sites that we previously had expected or had been recording as a cost of revenue, a direct cost of revenue. But after discussion with our accountants, it was determined that the best classification for that was impairment and decommissioning costs. So basically, it's just a move of those costs out of cost of revenue and into impairment and decommission costs.
Brendan Cavanagh: There was some onetime true-up in there but that's the way to also be going forward and that's assumed within the guidance that we've given around tower cash flow.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. And Brett, on the question around the straight line for the MLA, there actually was you couldn't see it but there is actually some small impact to straight line that was actually offset by a decrease in straight line associated with some of the accelerated Sprint churn that we mentioned earlier. So there is a small impact. But in terms of what it looks like going forward, obviously, what our peers have done and what we've done, they're probably not exactly the same agreements. I'm sure there are terms that are different. I can't speak to there specifically. But really, it's a function of timing in terms of when certain commitments take place. And in the future, I would expect that there will be some straight-line impact as a result of this deal but it's a little more activity driven than it is upfront.
Brendan Cavanagh: The accretion analysis takes into account a number of things. There's certainly the basic straightforward piece that you mentioned which is what's the yield of buying back our stock today versus what can we save by paying down the revolver or any debt. And right now, that actually is more accretive to pay down the revolver today. But we also look at it long term and we look at our expectations for growth. for growth and cash flow as well as what we think our future financing or refinancing costs will be and that positioning relative to our balance sheet as a whole is also relevant to it.
Brendan Cavanagh: And DISH in terms of the impact for the second half of the year, as we mentioned, it's obviously been slower in terms of new business being signed up with them. There's still a significant contributor to the second half numbers because of all the business that they did with us over the last year. But we expect that we'll continue to see, at least for this year, less executions with them. But ultimately, they have a ton to do, as we talked about to meet their 25% goal and we would expect that, that will turn around sometime at the end of the year or into next year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, based on the thresholds that are there by the agencies or at least by one of the agencies right now, we're getting very close to being there, certainly within a half turn of leverage of being there. but it would be more about the commitment to staying there than it would be about hitting the leverage tier.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I think in terms of the details, we need to keep -- stay away from most of those. There's a lot of specific things that you asked about there that obviously are somewhat important for us to keep confidential for both us and our customers. But it is a 5-year agreement and there will be a lot of ramifications that I would expect would extend beyond the 5 years. In terms of the M&A in general, I think Jeff kind of answered this earlier. It's -- we've always been open to different structures, obviously, at different points in time in our history. We haven't necessarily found terms that we found to be beneficial to us or they didn't work for our customers, whatever the case may be. So we've done less of those. But we've done MLAs over the years in various structures, we have in MLA today with Verizon, we've had MLAs with T-Mobile and with DISH. So we've done these agreements before but each 1 is dependent upon the specifics around that carrier and their needs at the time and what works for both parties. So I don't know that anything has holistically changed out in the market broadly.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. On the oil question, you're talking specifically about deals with the other carriers that took over iWireless I believe yes, we are having conversations with those other carriers. And it's possible that there would be some other arrangements truck with them but it's premature for us to say. And obviously, if we do reach one, we'll let you know at that time. And then on the site development question, I would expect that the margins will stay pretty similar on a percentage basis to what you've seen during the first half of this year. The volume may be a hair lower but pretty flat. Your estimate of around 50 or so quarters is probably about right.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I think if rates stay the same and stock prices stay the same, it's -- it will continue to be more accretive. And obviously, good for the overall capital position to continue to pay down the revolver to 0. So when we get to that point, Rick, we should you could ask that question again.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I think we know our site development business very well. You know it primarily centers around work almost entirely work on our towers. So we have a very good feel for it. And there's just enough work out there Mike, that was already booked earlier in the year and actually some of it probably spilling over from last year, that's now working itself through our services backlog that gives us the comfort to continue with the guidance that we have. So a lot of it is more a reflection of activity levels that occurred Q1, Q4 of last year.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. Right now, I think you should assume it's temporary so that we can continue to watch interest rates and see where they go. If interest rates stay high, it may not be temporary. We haven't made that decision yet. Actually, we're paying down the revolver because it's the most economic and best use of our cash today. It just so happens that as we continue to do that, we further decrease leverage which makes the path of going to investment grade. If we were to so choose that path easier to obtain. But I really don't think you should look at it, Simon, as a conscious effort to get to investment grade as much as it is just the best financial use of our discretionary cash.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I think if history is any guide, I guess, that's exactly how it works. It starts out in the NFL cities, it goes from there.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And as far as the services revenue, Phil, the first half of what we report in 2024 will be largely dictated by what we do now operationally with leasing. We have 2 different components of that. We have the site acquisition component which is the planning stuff and then we have the construction which is where a lot of the current activity is taking place because that's the last part of the cycle. So we'll see. We'll see where we come out with the guidance on services but it will be obviously heavily impacted by how we finish out the rest of the year.
Jeff Stoops: And a greater portion of the AT&T then probably exists under other agreements, although we still have some of that. And I mean I don't think that's not a number that we have focused on that. So the best we can answer, Jonathan, is that it's a much greater extent under the AT&T revenue.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I mean we continue to look for good financially smart new build opportunities. We're doing those mostly outside the United States primarily Brazil and South Africa, our 2 largest markets outside the United States. And we have a steady focus on ground lease purchases and extensions which hasn't changed at all. It's moved a little bit more international in terms of the mix just because we've been at it so long in the United States. But nothing's really changed there. We would put more capital into particularly the land purchases and extensions if the opportunities arose.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I mean, the answer to that question is pretty much the same as it has been for years for the right deal, we will do it. We have no strategic hole that we feel needs to be filled. In market growth because of the existing base is going to be preferred over new market growth but we would still go into a new market. If we found the right deal and I would point back to the Tanzania investment as a good example of that. But because it's all financially driven, it makes our decision to use discretionary cash to pay down the revolver that much more straightforward.
Jeff Stoops: The qualitative benefits or the positives to look forward to all I mean, DISH has to get started, whether it's late Q4 or early Q1 on their 2025 bill which is going to be large. T-Mobile hasn't even got the C-band and the 3.5 spectrum yet. You got the -- you got some folks waiting on availability of dual band equipment. So there's all kinds of things to look forward to as we move through the year and into next.
Jeff Stoops: The answer to the last part of your question is yes. The answer to the first part, I don't think it's a pull forward.
Jeff Stoops: I will take the last one first. I believe portfolio growth will always be our most desirable and highest potential allocation of capital. where it falls today. I mean, keep in mind, we grew the portfolio 15% last year. Where it falls today is purely a function of cost of debt and availability and pricing of assets. But as long as all that works out, Brett, to achieve an investment result that we want, I don't see the preference and prioritization of portfolio growth changing.
Jeff Stoops: It will -- you will see straight-line benefits over time over the course of the 5 years, Brett, based on various triggers and activity levels as opposed to as opposed to upon signing.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And that bodes towards stock repurchases, Jonathan, with one major exception today which is we don't know that interest rates have stopped going up. And when interest rates go up, it immediately affects the cost on the revolver. We can always buy our stock back. And that -- we take comfort in that. But when you have an increasing interest rate environment where we don't know when it's over, we just think both from a business perspective and certainly a balance sheet perspective and from an accretion perspective, pay down the revolver balance while we have one as the way to go.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I mean it's really the latter. But I mean, we've always said we would be open to a variety of structures I mean this, I think, evidence is that openness. So for the right deal, Eric, we would do any number of structures with our customers.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I mean, we are trying to be responsive to our customers, while at the same time being responsible to ourselves and our shareholders. and that will continue to be kind of the big picture as to how we approach these things and it could lead to more or if this could be the only one.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. This would be a little different than that. This would be payments in exchange for AT&T having certain rights to use our towers.
Jeff Stoops: Great. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us this evening and we look forward to getting back together in late October for our third quarter report. Thank you.
Jonathan Atkin: So I was interested in doing just to contextualize the AT&T MLA, how much of your revenues for kind of this year next year, the following year, can we be considered to be fairly locked in as opposed to usage based -- segmental revenue.
Jonathan Atkin: Overall revenue base for the whole company, how do we kind of think about how much is kind of a lock versus more the.
Jonathan Atkin: Got it. Yes, understood. And then maybe just give us some directional guidance around the trajectory around building new towers and ground lease and Eastman's activity.
