Jeffrey Stoops: No. No change to our guidance, but I would take their comments, which is that the second half of the year would need to be busier than the first half would be entirely consistent with our comments.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. I think it will be hard to get back to the 2013 growth rates, in large part because you're operating under a much lower revenue for tower base at that time. And if you kind of compound what's happened since then, it takes a whole heck of a lot more dollars per transaction to accomplish the same growth rate. I - and literally somewhere in between, Ric, which is still got to produce, I think of extremely healthy shareholder value creation.
Jeffrey Stoops: The pricing environment, Simon, continues to be healthy. Our customers are busy trying to meet some deadlines that they really want to meet. So they - that factors into all of the ways that we look at price. But at the end of the day, we're there to - for a very long-term, productive leadership on both sides. In terms of the other players and their impact on that, it really hasn't had any material effect. A lot of those sites that those folks are seeking are not in areas that we have historically been interested in. And in areas where they are, they are of a very limited nature. So really, it's a fairly optimistic environment for us at this point.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I would just add, wherever we are today coming out of the recent bank and revolver deals, kind of be the high watermark as we move through the next financings, which is Brendan said, are all going to be fixed rate.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. And I mean, the reason for the optimism, Phil, around the leasing is the projects and the things that are driving leasing today, for the most part, a multiyear projects that we would expect to continue through that 3-year time period.
Jeffrey Stoops: No. No. I think most people are relying on the belief that the government, which has signaled its intent and willingness to change the concession. It just happens to have gotten hung up. Nothings likely to get done until after the presidential elections. Although there hasn't been any real opposition, to my knowledge, to the concept. It's just not something that's going to get done until there's a new regime in place.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, it's a hard question for us to answer, Amir, because we don't do a lot of the small cells. And the level of activity that we're seeing today on macro spending is way up from a year ago. So kind of a hard one to answer, could it even more up than way up? I guess, but that's probably the best answer I can give you.
Jeffrey Stoops: One caveat to that, of course, is that a number of years from now we will be becoming a dividend payer as an obligation as a REIT, and that will influence the growth in AFFO per share as that obligation grows. But otherwise, which I’ve said is exactly right, we'd expect it to be a double-digit grower in a stable interest rate and FX environment.
Jeffrey Stoops: On the second question, David, I think we're going to respectfully decline to answer that. I will tell you that we are at a point where there are 4, and really only 4 variables at this point. It's the lease up rate, it's interest rates, it's the Brazilian reais and it is the multiple leve, which we repurchased our stock or purchase assets. I would like to come back to this after the presidential election in Brazil and probably when we get our full year guidance out for 2019 because prior to that, just becomes a daily exercise. I'm not sure if that's useful.
Jeffrey Stoops: No. I think you should view it as a one-off. We had an opportunity to pick up some quality assets, and we did.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, what typically happens when there is a de-commissioning of a prior technology is the entitlements get rolled into the equipment that's needed. So it will, at worst, typically from our perspective, results in some lessening, perhaps, of amendment rates while they swap out antennas or create some capacity for what's needed back. So that's really how it's worked in the past, Nick.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, our game plan, Mike, would be to be somewhere in the 6s, as we become a dividend payer because we'll start small and then grow the dividend from there. And probably, the one thing that we have not yet decided with [indiscernible] is whether as a dividend-paying company, will we feel the need to become an investment-grade company. And that ultimately will be the primary driver of our ultimate leverage positioning. But I could tell you now that we would -- as we move into a dividend payer, we'll move from the 7s to the 6s.
Jeffrey Stoops: We do think as we sit here today, and we don't want to get too far ahead on '19 guidance, but let's just say we think '19 should certainly be at least as good as 2018, how about if we say that? But problem, Brett, is when is the Fed going to stop raising short-term interest rates to which LIBOR has almost a perfect correlation? What is the Brazilian reais going to be 2020? It almost doesn't matter what the Brazilian reais is today. What is it going to be in 2020? That means everything to the $10 by '20. I mean, those are the things that are ultimately going to dictate where the final number comes out.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, MIMO antennas, we're starting to see very little. That means, to your point, there's no phones yet that - and I'm not even sure when they start to come out when the first handheld devices are really out there. So there's a long, long path left for activity in that area.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. On the - your first question, although where we're seeing it on the more traditional spectrum bands, is typically larger antennas, in some cases, with radios, in some cases, not. And where we're seeing that, you are getting increase pricing over a smaller package, and that's consistent with our history and how we approach the pricing of our towers base. In terms of the millimeter wave, Spencer, we have not seen or price a whole lot of that at this point so I'll have to get back to you on that.
Jeffrey Stoops: A lot of the confidence is driven by the stuff we already signed. So we signed a lot of leases and amendments that our either just commencing now or is scheduled to commence in the future. So a lot of it is based on stuff that is or already booked with minor amount based on the backlog that we got and expectations for signing. But most of it at this stage of the year, because we're so far through the year, is based on stuff that we've largely executed already.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. I think depending on how you're measuring. Remember, this is a full year over full year item so...
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. Well, we've had a lot more leasing activity in the first half of this year than we had certainly last year, particularly the second half of last year.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. I mean, we've seen material growth. I mean, we'll definitely go with the numbers afterwards to make sure we're on the same page there.
Jeffrey Stoops: On the churn question, we do not necessarily expect the churn on other items to increase, but just as a reminder, there is some [indiscernible] churn that is scheduled to take place in the fourth quarter. I think that's why you're seeing that there's kind of an implied, and that's what that is. But otherwise, the increase over the last couple of quarters is really due to just kind of just certain other non-big four type of tenants and the timing when those churn off, and we wouldn't expect anything materially change there. One direction or the other, that amount is fairly consistent with where we were about a year ago.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, there's more available internationally than there is domestically as we've seen and shown over the last couple of years. And yes, we have to take a look. I mean, our - we do have an appetite to grow the portfolio. We've had some great success internationally over the years. Our returns in Brazil over time have been great. We're ahead of plan on a constant currency basis. We're certainly not discouraged with Brazil and the big picture over one quarter. I mean, Brazil grew - it was probably our fastest growing market this quarter and probably for the first half of the year. So we would have an appetite, Matt. We would look at things case-by-case. We'd apply the saying discipline and methodology. We always do. We would apply a currency factor to the analysis and the ROIC and if it hit, we would - we'd be interested in moving forward. Now over time, we always are mindful in the overall governor for our capital allocation is the leverage, so we're not interested for any transaction that's going to take us for more than a temporary period of time above the 7 to 7.5. That's going to be much more of a defining point than a particular international market.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, El Salvador is a 4-carrier market, which we like. Millicom is the leader in that market. Tigo [ph] is their brand name there. So we have towers that I think are going to prove to be attractive to the other players there, particularly if they're interested in gaining at least the network of the market share leader. They're relatively low-lead tenant to towers today. I believe they are 1.2, may be 1.3 tenants per tower. A lot of upward growth opportunities there, a lot of opportunities to improve the margins through land purchases, which we've had with towers that we already own in El Salvador a great degree of success. So we're pretty excited about the opportunity.
Jeffrey Stoops: I don't know that I'd agree it's just AT&T, Colby. Over 20 years, the industry has been fueled by some big booms in technological, generational technological booms. And I would say certainly, the move from 3G to 4G was the biggest. And I don't know that 4G to 5G will be as big, not the least of which reasons is the law of larger numbers. But all through that - those periods, there's - people don't stop innovating. They don't stop improving radios and antennas, and you just keep moving and the law - it's interesting, one statistic that I've always heard is that the average life of an antenna in our customer's business is 3 years, and it's not because of weather. It's not because of the fact that it wears out. It's because of technology. So things have always changed, and there's always new and better stuff that our customers seek to deploying their network to remain on the cutting-edge and I don't really see that changing. So was that an inflection point? Or is it just a long, constant upward path? I don't know the answer to that, but I think it means there's always going to be things to do.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I think you'll always have to look at all, all paths of creating shareholder value. But FX, we could wake up after the election and we could be back at 3 0 [ph]. And we've seen last - remember last year, we were the beneficiary of favorable movements in FX. So those are cyclical type issues that, over time, our industry has weathered very well, and we've always been able to create value. So the playbook may change a little bit, but I think the basic playbook is going to stay intact.
Jeffrey Stoops: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you again on our third quarter earnings release.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, it's fairly small, but there was a little bit of a delay in terms of our expectations of timing. So it was a month or so, and you can actually kind of see that on our revenue bridge where you see the M&A internationally stepped down slightly. That's what it's due to. But doing that close today, it's now back on track.
Brendan Cavanagh: Simon, on the balance sheet question, we did end up just slightly ahead of our - or slightly above our range, in part, due to the FX actually coming in a little bit weaker. But it's our intention to stay within the range. We're comfortable at the high-end of the range, but it's really going to be driven by opportunities to buy quality assets or to buy stock opportunistically. So as we see those opportunities, we’re very comfortable staying at the high-end of the leverage range to do that.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean, we did obviously just do a bank financing that increased our floating exposure during this quarter, but it was our first floating rate debt that we raised in the last 3 years. And I would expect our next 5 or so financings to all be in the fixed rate markets. And so I think that our shift - that we'll see a shift in the mix of fixed to floating a little bit back towards fixed a little bit more, but 75% to 80% fixed is our ideal target.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. It's not been better in that regard over the last couple of years. It's this year and going forward that we expect it will - just based on the backlog that we built up at this point, we expect to see higher leasing results than what we anticipated when we gave that guidance or that target out a couple of years ago. But you'll remember at that time, we were thinking that if the leasing activity could stay similar to what we were seeing at that time, that we'll be able to get to the $10 number. But that also did assume that we would see relatively stable interest and FX rates. And basically, today's interest and FX rates, it's unlikely we would get to the full year 2020, even with the increased lease up that we'd expect to see over the next couple of years. But again, it's really a timing issue. It may just be a couple of quarters delayed from what we originally projected. We will ultimately get to the $10 number, just may not be by full year 2020.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, the – I mean, we have, portion, I don't know the exact - Brendan, I don't know if you do know the exact number of towers that are wireline towers that are subject to the concession…
Brendan Cavanagh: But then Oi has a contractual guarantee through, I believe, 2035 should something happen to the concession that would affect those particular assets.
Brendan Cavanagh: If we can get to a stable FX and a stable interest rate environment, it is absolutely a double-digit AFFO compounding business.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. First, on the churn question, David. I don't feel - I think the number you're using is based on the percentage that we gave. That's actually a same-tower numbers reflective of the trailing 12 months activity, but it is $16 million of remaining annual revenue that we have from those guys that we expect to churn off. And our projections just based on when lease term end dates are and when they can basically get out of the agreements is that, that will take about 2.5 years approximately to churn off. So that's where the 2 to 3 years comes from.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, I think, sometimes it comes in waves. But for the most part renewal dates are spread relatively evenly, so I think probably a little more in the next 12 months or so. But on average, it's not going to be materially different than prorating it.
Brendan Cavanagh: Mike, on the tower cash flow margin, there's a few different factors that affected that. Some of those had to do with certain non-recurring type items and also some of the assets that we’ve guided during the period that come on at lower margins and new builds that we've done as well. So as of those kind of get blended in, they help to kind of pull it down as well. So it's not really representative of any shift in trend or anything. I think you'll continue to see it grow on average on the base business over time.
Brendan Cavanagh: We increased the organic domestic by 1 million, that's right. I think if you look at the bridge, it's on the first page of the supplemental package, we'll be able to see the changes in there. So we have - one there and I think one on the non-organic M&A side for the domestic, domestic was up 2 and the international was down 10, but 11.5 was FX.
Brendan Cavanagh: Your number, Walter. We're saying that we had a okay 2017. We had a better first half. We're going to have a better second half. And right now it feels like 2019, we think, will look more like the second half than the first half.
Brendan Cavanagh: And then in term, we're not actually going to -- we're not going to parse this $10 by '20 anymore. It's four things, and we could do a variation a day. I'm sorry, but as of right now, FX and interest rates are making it very difficult for us even with a more rosy outlook for domestic leasing.
