Jeff Stoops: Yes. And on DISH, I would say that we do have an excellent relationship with DISH, and I would believe that will suit us particularly well for the future. But I would also guess, and this would only be a guess at this point, that there will be a fair amount of consideration on their part as to what they will want their network to look like going forward under the new firms, what has been divested from the Sprint/T-Mobile deal because it will look very different than what, I believe, their narrowband IoT network was going to look like under their prior efforts. So, there's got to have to be some time that goes by before I think you can have clarity on what DISH's exact plans are going to be and with the time frame is going to be.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we don't have any plans at this point to do anything beyond South Africa, which is like we decided to go into South Africa. It's our job to continue to evaluate every place around the globe, but we're not. So, nothing on the horizon today, but stay tuned. And as far as DISH is concerned, their leases are -- they have the regular terms. They don't have any particular outs for something like this, Colby. So, we'll have to see what this -- yes, I mean, this is a pretty big change. It's a different kind of network for them. So, we'll have to see what all this does to their efforts going forward. But as far as our guidance is concerned, there's really not anything that is left to be done operationally in 2019 that affects the outlook that we've given, given the lag between operational lease-up and the impact on the financial statement. So, whatever happens, we're very comfortable with the new outlook that we've put out.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. The M&A environment, Simon, continues to be competitive, but you can find if you're experienced and have a lot of tentacles out there, which we have both, good opportunities. We tend to focus on the -- we try to tend to focus on the highest quality site. The particular sites that we bought in the second quarter were Mid-Atlantic area sites; extremely tough zoning; very, very good high-quality sites that we think will enjoy very good growth over the years. Those are the kind of things that are out there. And we will be very, I think, competitive around those types of opportunities. Not everything out there fits that bill, so you have to be careful and picky, but there's enough out there for us globally to achieve the high-quality exclusive asset characteristics that we've kind of built the company on and we'll continue to seek over time.
Jeff Stoops: We do. We'll hit it this year, for sure, and I don't know why it wouldn't be a go going into next year as well.
Jeff Stoops: We're not going to cover the last one, Nick. That's got to be between us and the Fosters. As to the first question, the -- yes, they are staying on, and they have arrangements and build-to-suit relationships with all four of the South African carriers. So, this -- the beauty of this opportunity is that most all of these towers were built, and they were built for -- in varying amounts for the Big Four in South Africa. That will continue, and they've been running at a fairly high annual clip. So, we expect that the 900 goes to 1,000 and beyond here in the not-too-distant future. 
Jeff Stoops: Well, it really comes down to whether you're allocating capital. Are you building for them? Are you buying for them? Or are you simply leasing up space that you have available on asset that you've already spent money. That's -- and that's a wildly different outcome depending on which of those camps you fall in.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, on your second question, Mike, we are seeing more of the traditional REIT infrastructure investor. That investor typically looks for some kind of dividend. In fact, we have had a number of interested investors who previously said they were very interested but precluded from their internal policies and charters because we did not pay a dividend. But in each case, we made it clear that our bias at our internal policy was such that it was going to be a minimal dividend going or a dividend on the lower side geared towards maximizing AFFO that was left for other investment, obviously subject to our REIT requirements. And everybody seemed to be very happy with that because they understood that, that was going to satisfy the dividend requirement that they were looking for and also provide over time a very fast growing dividend. So, in large part -- not entirely, but in large part, what we did today was responsive to a lot of that new class of folks that you were inquiring about and we've been recently meeting with.
Jeff Stoops: We definitely have to consider that. As the payout ratio grows, that is another reason to start smaller because it keeps the payouts smaller for more years. So, that definitely was a factor, Spencer. We'll see where we -- where leverage ultimately comes in, whether it's higher or lower. Big factor there is where interest rates settle out, and interest rates appear to be headed lower again rather than higher. So, that's going to bode towards perhaps a higher six handle than a lower six handle. It's the same thing that we factored in before. But instead of before, where we had no calls on our cash flows, now we have the dividend call and then we back in from there. But the basic premise of a leverage capital structure as the most rewarding for equity holders, that hasn't changed.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I don't know that any historical consolidation is going to be instructed here because none have ever had the aggressive date-specific coverage requirements for the 5G service that are a part of the Sprint/T-Mobile transaction, the percentage of the population that must be covered within three years. So, I think there's going to be a lot of activity early on.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we haven't -- let's -- what you just suggested is not really a part of our outlook. What we believe has a very strong possibility is pension reform. I believe we're one vote away. And if that happens, we think that unlocks all kinds of favorable economic moves down there that will result not only in a strengthening of the currency against the U.S. dollar, which may weaken of its own accord, but also a favorable telecom regulation, which could be to the benefit of the entire wireless world down there. There's a number of things that are actually very favorable that are kind of right on the cusp of occurring down there, and it's already actually a pretty good market relative to where it's been in several years ago.
Jeff Stoops: I would just add that no matter -- I mean, the reals could improve by a whole dollar against the U.S., but the cost of operationally hedging your results down there, I don't know if that ever becomes economically viable. I know people would like to believe that, but I don't know of any company that's ever successfully done that. Go ahead Carol.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. Backlog is up from a year ago, but probably flat to six months ago. And tower climbers and other resources are short and at a premium and probably are somewhat restraining the pace of activity that would otherwise be able to be done.
Jeff Stoops: Great. Well, we appreciate everyone joining us and we look forward to reporting our next quarter's call. Thank you.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I'll take the churn question. On the domestic churn, there has been no change in behavior from anybody. We do expect on the iDEN side, most of that churn was fourth quarter event that happened October 1st of last year. So, when we report that, we're giving you basically the impact over trailing 12 months. So, next quarter and the third quarter, we'll show that one more time on a year-over-year basis. When we get to the fourth quarter, we would expect that it probably will drop to zero. In terms of the other non-consolidation churn, we've seen a slight uptick, but it's really a timing issue. We've -- we're still comfortable with our annual 1% to 1.5% churn range in a given period. It might be slightly higher than that. As you've seen in the past, it's also been slightly lower, but we're still comfortable with that being kind of a normal level for the coming years.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the leverage, Simon, what we have said in the past is that we would look to have something with a six handle on it. We actually have that today. We obviously reported 6.9 turns. I think it's really going to be driven more by opportunities to continue to add quality portfolio growth in share repurchases, but we would expect to still be close to our historical target range of 7% to 7.5% but probably more towards the lower end going forward.
Brendan Cavanagh: I'm sorry, Nick, I was just going to say we deal on our existing sites to evaluate obviously whether there's any remaining capacity when we're making that decision and who might be a potential user of that if there are. But for the vast majority of our sites, we're not leasing the last available space so it's not really a credit quality decision that we're making. 
Brendan Cavanagh: On the amendments versus new colos in the U.S., I think we mentioned in our comment what it was this quarter, which was in terms of the business that we signed up in the U.S.; it was approximately 80% of amendment. That is pretty high relative to where it's been over the last few quarters or actually over the last two years. Amendments have, generally speaking, always been higher over the last probably five-plus years than new colos, but it has gone a little bit higher in recent periods. And that's probably the highest we've had in a couple of years. So, we'll see, but we would expect to continue to see that kind of mix given the types of activity that our customers are involved in. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, based on where our guidance is set and the numbers that are sort of implied in the bridge, I'd assume you're talking about the same-tower growth percentage, it would imply that from the domestic standpoint that we will be fairly consistent with where we were for the second quarter during the second half of the year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, we don't -- we're not planning to fix anything more than what we've already done. For the most part, our floating exposure throughout our history has come through our bank debt, and that is not due to mature for quite some time. Depending on how rates move there, we would evaluate whether it makes sense at any point to refinance it. But for now I think you should expect to see it stay about where it is.
