Jeffrey Stoops: Thanks Brendan. We are very active in the capital markets during the second quarter. We repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock for $75 million on an average $38.59. We currently have $225 million remaining under our existing $300 million optimization. Stock repurchases continue to be an important component within our overall capital allocation process to maximize shareholder value. We continue to view them as a tool to be utilized opportunistically rather than systematically. As of the end of the quarter we have cumulatively repurchased seven million shares on an average price of $37.19 since we began our open market repurchase activities in late 2009. Additionally, we took several steps to improve our overall liquidity position and to further improve our debt maturity profile. First we extended the maturity of our existing $500 million revolving credit facility from February 2015 out to June 2016. We also increased permitted total secured leverage on the act of securing the facility from five times to six times. As of the end of the second quarter the total amount available to us under this facility was the full $500 million. Secondly, we obtained the new $500 million seven year senior secured term loan B. The term loan was issued at 99.75% at par and will bear interest at either the base rate plus 1.75% with a 2% base rate floor or LIBOR plus 2.75 % for the 1% LIBOR floor. The term loan will mature in June 2018 a year in which we previously had no debt maturing. The proceeds from the term loan were used to pay down the existing balance on the revolver and the remainder can be used for general corporate purposes including stock repurchases. Additional information about the term loan and changes to our revolver can be found in 8-K which we filed on July 7, 2011. We ended the quarter with $3.5 billion of total debt. We had cash, cash equivalents, short term restricted cash and short term investments of $305 million resulting in net debt of $3.2 billion. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 7.3 times. The same approximate level that it has been for the last seven quarters. Our net secured debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 3.3 times. Our second quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was a very strong 2.8 times. As of the end of the second quarter, our debt had a weighted average annual cash coupon of 4.7% and a weighted average remaining maturity of approximately five years. 86% of our total debt was fixed rated. We believe our balance sheet is in excellent shape as we have no material debt maturities prior to 2013 and we believe we have ample liquidity to meet our business plan and growth objectives. The $500 million we had available to us under our revolver combined with our cash, cash equivalent, short term investments and short term restricted cash of $305 million, gave us total liquidity of approximately $805 million as of the end of the quarter. Including anticipated equity free cash flow over the next 12 months we have over $1 billion of committed and available liquidity. With that I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. I think the reason that we may likely enter into a master agreement with Sprint where we have not done that previously is that the number of issues that are being addressed vis-à-vis the sprint negotiation are such that it essentially requires that it would be done in a master type format. And our prior course of action really has nothing to do with the fundamental view of master versus lease specific. It really is all driven by economics to us and the same will be true as we hope to move forward and see if we can get something done with the Sprint. But, really, the master concept versus lease specific is much more due to the number of issues that are being discussed with spreads.
Jeffrey Stoops: We are seeing all of that Simon, but what we are seeing in particular varies by carrier. Verizon still is mostly, but not entirely, focused on overlaying its existing network to be able to offer 4G service. AT&T is also now fully engaged in that, but also still self splitting and building out some additional capacity and then as you move into different folks such as a Metro. Metro given their particular spectrum position and the choice of offering 4G service through the same spectrum that they are offering 3G service is kind of more by definition a cell splitting type of deployment. So it really kind of varies across the board based on carriers, the spectrum positions and the technologies they are using, but everyone’s relatively pretty busy.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, there would be potentially a couple of different aspects to that and we need to keep things extremely general, because we don’t have an agreement yet. But there can be a non-cash pickup that might be faster and more substantive and then there could also be a cash pickup that would be driven by actually how much work Sprint really gets done this year.
Jeffrey Stoops: We are seeing Metro to be active, I wouldn’t put them in the same nor would I think anyone would expect them to be in the same category of contribution as an AT&T or Verizon, but they are out there doing things. And the microwave pricing, Ric, depends primarily on two things, whether the size of the microwave dish and whether it is a one half or a piggyback half where it comes in and then goes back out with a second dish. And that’s a pretty wide spectrum of pricing when you consider all those things and I’m going to give you a broad range. They go from $300 a month for a single small dish to well over a $1000 for bigger double installations.
Jeffrey Stoops: The first question Jason, you know, we are not opposed to network sharing, I think that’s what you are getting at with the question as long as it looks like the right economic deal for us and obviously has to be mutually acceptable to both parties. So, now we are not fundamentally opposed to that and that is in fact one of the aspects that is being discussed with Sprint. There is really no change on the new builds in terms of the anchor tenants, I mean, most of the new builds that we did in the quarter; actually more of the majority were in Costa Rica where our anchor tenant was either Telefónica or Oclaro, so pretty good credit quality there and that continues to be the case in the U.S. as well.
Jeffrey Stoops: We are seeing competition and the revenue trend will continue to grow, won’t be double digit certainly this year, Jonathan, may be on a run rate basis close by the end of next year but maybe not as well. Broadly speaking though, yes, we could get to 10% within say a couple of years.
Jeffrey Stoops: No, not in the markets where we’re building heavily because we’ve got certain deals struck with these folks, but kind of competition would impact any type of new activity outside what’s been contracted for. It's very similar to the way it works in the U.S.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, in Costa Rica, there is the existing incumbent which will also we believe would be a customer which is Esay (ph). They are also in the midst of an upgrade to 3G technology. So, there will be – when the existing build out is done, there will be three fully developed operating carriers down there plus we’re seeing some new markets entrants in the form of internet type players and other types of, I would say, smaller wireless providers. So it’s actually – it’s exciting market for us and one that we have a great deal of optimism for.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah, I mean it could happen in the fourth quarter, we would have to see more activity though than we’re seeing now, I mean, it’s not in our outlook and I wouldn’t want to even suggest to folks that it does end up in our actual 2011 results this year. It could, but it’s not anything that we are guiding anyone to.
Jeffrey Stoops: Most of the portfolio opportunities we are seeing are in the U.S. but not entirely. But well more than 50%. And in terms of our international focus this year, we are very open and actually looking for one additional market in which to enter, but we’ve got a lot of work to do right now particularly in Costa Rica to meet the build out rolls and the launch goals of Oclaro and Telefonica. So we have our hands full and it's working well, but we’re also devoting some time to looking for a new country as well.
Jeffrey Stoops: It's a good question on the first one. I’m not sure we thought that through in terms of classification. I think it's probably more of an amendment, but we’ll obviously cross that bridge more definitively when we get to it. And there is no – yes, we do expect or we would anticipate a large increase in the future of services related business, none of which is in our 2011 outlook.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, we certainly have enough liquidity. Our primary governor will be where we want to maintain a target leverage and right now we are comfortable with target leverage being where it is particularly given what we see are great opportunities in both the portfolio growth areas and stock repurchases. So, in other words, if we do a lot of portfolio growth we probably will be doing less stock repurchases and vice versa in any given quarter.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah, I mean those are all potential sources of growth James. The public safety idea gets a lot of discussion. But in terms of actual implementation we haven’t seen any signs of that just yet. Clearwire seems to be more holding kind of steady in terms of its network and not doing a whole lot at least with us right now, I suspect that has something to do with where that all comes out with respect for them in the Sprint Network Vision scenario. And we are seeing a number of additional types of local WiFi, WiMAX internet providers, we are seeing an increase in wireless backhaul providers, we are seeing an increase in interested activity from fiber providers, we want to install hubs in our compounds and we haven’t yet seen anything specific from the cable providers and particularly the cable consortium but they have a lot of valuable spectrum there and that I would anticipate over time something gets done with it.
Jeffrey Stoops: We can, can you call Mark back on that.Gray Powell – Wells Fargo Securities: No problem at all. Thanks a lot.
Jeffrey Stoops: David, just given the – I probably said way more than I already should about the Sprint negotiations, I’m not going to touch that last one. In terms of the margin, we don’t really see any real changes, I mean, maybe just kind of conservative swaggered SG&A.
Jeffrey Stoops: What we don’t see anything in the second half that’s material or even smaller than material kind of change in the mix and the margins, particularly as they roll in over time.
Jeffrey Stoops: No. I mean I fully – we appreciate given the complexities of what Sprint is trying to accomplish, why this has to be in the form of an MLA and I really haven’t thought about it from that perspective because I think we are headed down a path where we are likely to end up with something that obviously has been surely agreeable to both parties.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. It is something Mike that we kicked around here internally. We haven’t come to any decision yet. I mean, it is a little bit farther off for us than the other guys as you well said, but it is an issue that we are continuing to consider whether we get well ahead of a potential REIT conversion for ourselves by providing the REIT type data. So, stay tuned, we don’t have any decisions yet.Michael Rollins – Citi Investment Research: Thanks.
Jeffrey Stoops: All right. Thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to joining you again with our third quarter results. Thanks.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, the US pricing is probably in the 17ish times, maybe 18 times range or what I would call average high growth assets going forward, the kind of stuff that we’ve focused on. Internationally, the same assets, at least the stuff that we are interested in pursuing is running hundreds of basis points lower than that on a TCF basis. So, we continue to be attracted to that, again, for the right asset where our risk adjusted returns internationally will well exceed our returns on a US basis. On the new builds, the key for us continues to be building towers where over time on a portfolio basis you will average 1.5 to 2 tenants or better. All the towers that we build are one tenant on day one, but they generally will need to see some additional growth before our goals are fully met. So, and you get a fairly wide range between US and international on day one cash on cash, but it would be mid to high single digit day one returns, which obviously would grow materially with the addition of a second tenant.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. Yeah, Jonathan, margins do continue to climb every quarter and, you know, it’s function of a couple of things. Obviously as we add revenue growth through organic lease up we're adding close to a 100% margin in many cases so that helps to continue to see our margins pushing up. In addition we’ve done some things on the cost side to keep costs relatively flat, even though we’ve been growing the portfolio. The primary item there is the ground lease purchase program and how we’ve retired a lot of our ground leases and reduced that expense, which is our largest expense. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Hey Ric it's Brendan. On the CapEx side it's almost all due to some of the storm related damage. We obviously had some higher non-discretionary CapEx during the second quarter that was due entirely to some of the damage we incurred from the tornados and other significant storms during the quarter and some of the costs that will incur, the cash expenditures that will incur related to that will actually carry over into Q3 which is why there is also some additional increase for the balance of the year. There is some international maintenance expense too with some of the sites that we bought down there, that’s included in that guidance. On the cash taxes side, it's really not about the international markets. We have had a few areas in particular in Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, where we have seen our NOLs last a little bit faster and we’ve also had some timing shifts with certain states where estimated payments are made this year instead of being delayed to next year that kind of thing. So some of it's timing and some of it is recurring increase probably about half and half in terms of the bump up.
Brendan Cavanagh: It is not from the tenants. We do have insurance that allows us to recover a portion of it, but the increase that we’ve made is, in our guidance is beyond the insurance recoveries.
