Mark DeRussy: Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for SBA's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we will discuss on this call is forward-looking, including, but not limited to, any guidance for 2018 and beyond. In today's press release, and in our SEC filings, we detail material risks that may cause our future results to differ from our expectations. Our statements are as of today, April 30, and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statement we may make. In addition, our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures and other key operating metrics. The reconciliation of and other information regarding these items can be found in our supplemental financial data package, which is located on the landing page of our Investor Relations website. With that, I will turn it over to Brendan.
Mark DeRussy: Thank you, Brendan. SBA ended the first quarter with 9.3 billion of net debt and our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 7.3 times, right in the middle of our targeted range of 7 to 7.5 times. Our first quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 3.6 times. At the end of the quarter we had 235 million outstanding under our revolver. We were active in the debt capital markets during and subsequent to the first quarter with the completion of two large financings. On March 9, we issued to our tower trust 640 million of secured tower revenue securities at a fixed interest rate of 3.448% payable monthly. These securities have an anticipated repayment date of March 9, 2023 and a final maturity date of March 9, 2048. The proceeds of this offering in combination with borrowings under the revolving credit facility were used to repay in full our 2013-1C and 2013-1D tower securities as well as approved and unpaid interest. Additionally, on April 11, through a wholly owned subsidiary, we obtained a new $2.4 four billion seven year senior secured term loan. The term loan was issued at 99.75% of par and will mature on April 11, 2025. It bears interest that our election at either the base rate plus 1% per year or LIBOR plus 2% per year. We have typically used one month's LIBOR to determine our interest rate. The current interest rate under the term loan is 3.9%. The proceeds of the term loan were used to repay and retired our 1.93 billion of outstanding existing term loans to pay off the existing outstanding balances under our revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes. We're very pleased with this transaction as we were able to reduce our interest rate spread and improve flexibility under our credit agreement, while also extending our maturity dates. We were able to take advantage of a strong market to upsize this financing and raise an incremental 470 million of debt capital. This financing is supportive of our efforts to maintain our target leverage levels and maintain a level of 20% to 25% floating rate debt as we anticipate our next five or so financings will likely be with fixed rate instruments. Also, this facility will allow us to more efficiently use our international assets as collateral. In addition to the term loan, we also amended our revolving credit facility at the same time. The amendment increased the total commitments under the facility from $1 billion to $1.25 billion and extended the maturity date to April 11, 2023, lower the applicable interest rate margins and commitment fees and amended certain other terms and conditions under our senior credit agreement. Amounts borrowed under the revolver will bear interest at our election at either the base rate plus a margin that ranges from 12.5 basis points to 75 basis points or LIBOR plus a margin that ranges from 112.5 basis points to 175 basis points, in each case based on borrow leverage. As of today we have $100 million outstanding under the revolver, currently accruing at an interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.5%. Pro forma for these new transactions, the weighted average coupon of our outstanding debt is 3.8% and our weighted average maturity is approximately five years. As mentioned with our fourth quarter earnings release, on February 16, our Board of Directors approved the authorization of a new $1 billion stock repurchase plan replacing the prior plan. During the first quarter, we spent $38.5 million under this plan to repurchase 200,000 shares at an average price of $161.60 per share. Subsequent to the first quarter we spent an additional 261.5 million under this plan to repurchase 1.6 million shares at an average price of $164.82 per share. All the shares repurchased were retired. As of today we have $700 million authorization remaining under the repurchase plan. Share repurchases are an important component of our ability to continue growing AFFO per share. The company's shares outstanding at March 31, 2018 are 116.5 million, down from 121.3 million at March 31, 2017 and down over another 1.5 million shares in this month of April. With that I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark DeRussy: They are and I would say though that they're very greatly Nick. Wide variety of equipment loads are being requested. Given the wide variety of circumstances from which the sites that are being touched are coming from. And the averages are where we thought, but it's - the goalposts - the end zones are pretty wide.
Mark DeRussy: Well, first of all to be clear when we talk about growth rates, the same tower growth rate that we report is indicative of a year-over-year, so the number that we gave for the first quarter was growth that really represented the previous trailing twelve month. So as we move forward through the year based on what's happening now, which is an increased level of leasing activity compared to where we've been over the last year, we certainly expect to see that increase sequentially as we move through the year and we would expect to exit the year at a much higher rate. But in terms of isolated to an individual quarter, we're not assuming that it gets better than where it is today, but that it continues at a similar level to where we are now, so to Jeff's earlier comment, we're not stretching out on something that we haven't seen yet get signed up.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, hey Ric, it's Brendan. In the press release we actually did disclose some information regarding our Sprint and T-Mobile contracts including the stair of revenue that each represent for us as well as on the overlap site how much revenue comes from each. Just to give you those numbers quickly, on the sites where we have both Sprint and T-Mobile today, Sprint represented 5.9% of our total cash site leasing revenue and T-Mobile was 6.2%. In terms of the remaining terms, Sprint has on average approximately six years left and T-Mobile approximately three years left, but the range of those is quite broad, so in the case of sprint it's between one and thirteen years, in the case the T-Mobile it's between one and ten years.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, you left out a critical component which is the execution of the final document whether be an amendment or a lease and then the most critical element is the revenue commencement date, which can be as short as immediately upon an amendment to as long as the greater of a date in the future or installation, so that's really the missing link to your question Ric. But to generalize from - it's actually hard to generalize from application because there's a lot -
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, well, I mean that comment was specific to the organic growth component of it and while we've seen good activity and continue to see our application backlogs grow, there really hasn't been enough time go by where we could comfortably say we expect that to impact that number for 2018. So really the comment was just to kind of say, hey, it really hasn't been that long, but things are going well from an operational standpoint and so let's see how the rest of the year plays out.
Brendan Cavanagh: It's not materially different. There are times certain deals that we sign up where there are maybe more lenient commencements timeframes, but generally…
Brendan Cavanagh: Specifically negotiated as part of maybe a larger agreement, but otherwise they are basically the same.
Brendan Cavanagh: And, David, on the term loan, we have historically targeted that 20% to 25% range excluding rate debt and that is still where we are focused. But we are constantly evaluating whether or not that is the right mix. I would tell you a lot of that comes from kind of looking at the alternative. It's one thing that is to say, well, we are going to do more fixed rate debt when you have to look at what that cost of that fixed rate debt would be. In addition, there is also factors that go beyond just the interest rate which include the ability to collateralize for instance our international assets in the US here. The bank market is one of the markets that allows us to do that. And so it's a logical place for us to do a portion of our financing. Not all of our assets are well-suited for instance for the securitization market. So when we look at our different alternatives, we are looking for the most cost effective, but also the most efficient in terms of our capital structure and we'll continue to do that. And also bear in mind that we do have always the flexibility to fix some component of that floating rate debt through swaps or even through refinancing that debt because it is freely pre-payable after six months with debt from a fixed rate market if we see that as a better alternative.
Brendan Cavanagh: Not specifically. But obviously if they were to continue to accelerate at a fairly rapid pace that might affect the way we view it, but it also might affect our overall views on our leverage levels in totality, so all those factors would fit together.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. And, Brett, in terms of the concentration of the terms, there are some fairly well spread out. There are certain years that are more than others. I would say the bigger years are in the six and seven-year timeframe, so that's why the average kind of ends up there.
Jeff Stoops: We did get some nice average term elongation from that MLA Ric and that is in fact a hard obligation which will not be impacted by the news of yesterday.
Jeff Stoops: It's hard to generalize what happened with those deals and with this deal, given the disparate spectrums and the large number of folks that need to be migrated over. I think the commentary that was given yesterday that talked about really making sure they had all the spectrum available at all the sites that were going to remain before they started any decommissioning, I think is going to take it at face value. I think that is going to make this a longer process than what we saw with certainly with AT&T and Leap for example and then even the case with T-Mobile and Metro. But even in those cases it was several years after closing before you really started to see any type of termination notices.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I think we have to see ultimately what the configurations look like. To my knowledge today and I'm not a product expert, but to my knowledge there is no single radio unit and certainly no single antenna unit that covers the spectrum, covers the range of spectrum that will be deployed by the combined company, so you're looking at multiple units to cover that full array of spectrum and then if you start to get to the desired MIMO configuration on the antennas that actually could add quite a bit of weight and that - obviously depending on the load of things like that that will impact the price, so that there that there could be a wide range of about outcomes there.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, the Oi restructuring plan continues to move forward as intended. June is a critical date where I believe the debtors will make some decisions on whether or not they will continue to insist on Oi reaching an agreement with the government of the outstanding Anatel fines, so that's something that we're watching. People expect there to be a resolution there that will allow Oi to move forward, be capitalized and emerge and start more greatly investing in its network and obviously that's something that we're optimistic and hopeful for as well. In terms of the markets, Central America not every country, but it seems like at any given time one or two countries in Central America is hot bearing the region we continue to see very good activity in Ecuador, starting to see good activity in Peru, although relatively new in that country. We think Brazil's going to be good all year long. We're just generally continued to be very pleased all in all Simon with Latin America. And in terms of the other US things, while there's a lot of initial discussions with Dish and others, certainly the lion's share of the leasing activity this year so far I'm sure with respect to the remainder of year will come from the big four.
Jeff Stoops: Phil, I just wanted to say that's really consistent with our guidance approach of well reported as incurred and not projected.
Jeff Stoops: Not really. I mean we always assume that there would be a very healthy numeric sampling of small cells out in these networks and for us it continues to be a ROIC issue, Amir.
Jeff Stoops: They haven't changed. That's in our supplemental financial package of the bridge there of the domestic growth. Those numbers are the same. The only organic number domestically that we shifted was the churn which we actually reduced by $1 million from last quarter.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah. Well, in the bridge we gave an absolute dollar amount. Yeah, but we did give - given the same tower growth rates, we gave the churn rate, which is for the first quarter as compared to the first quarter of the prior year was 1.5% domestically which is basically indicative of the last 12 months. So that should be generally where we are although at the end of the year there is a little bit of item churn expected that may be slightly higher, but -
Jeff Stoops: No. It is from - it does include escalations, but any variance in it is really not due to escalations. It's due to having less leasing activity in the latter part of last year. So as mentioned in the prepared comments, that's expected to increase as we move through the year because we are obviously signing up more organic business now in the first quarter and into the second quarter.
Jeff Stoops: Still the goal, we are still striving towards that. The results through the EBITDA line and with the backlogs we continue to march towards that goal, Walter.
Jeff Stoops: Well, let's go through some of the headwinds and the tailwinds there. I mean the tailwinds have been I think through the EBITDA line are going to be really, really good as we see this operational activity. From the time we first put forth the 10 by '20, probably 100 basis points higher on interest rates where we assume things and we are three multiples higher I believe on our actual stock repurchases versus our assumed. So those are the two headwinds or about where we were on FX. So ahead on operations, a little bit of headwind below the line, but all in all that's still the goal and we are still confident of getting there.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we've kind of looked at that previously, Spencer, and that's what drove us to pursue international activity and that continues to be where we are today. And where our stock has traded that continues to be the preferred capital allocation in growing our FFO per share through that way is kind of our view of growth. Some folks want to see that growth on the revenue line. I continue to submit to you that the ROIC that we can produce by doing what we are doing is better and the value created for our shareholders will be better. I think our historical results have borne that out. So we will continue to do what we are doing, looking for good investment opportunities. But in terms of feeling like we have to find a new trick to grow the revenue line, we don't feel any pressure to be down at all.
Jeff Stoops: I think that would be the least applicable given the almost totally similar spectrum and technologies that those two companies had.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, multiples in general stay high or high, have stayed high which is why we are selective, which is why we will continue to most likely not invest all of our investible dollars in portfolio growth. And there remains a healthy bid both internationally and domestically and we feel we are, but you have to be very, very selective.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah. Looking back at the deal with Sprint, Dave, that was - it had many different components to which they had a term extension component. It had a network vision component. It had a LightSquared component which of course did not come to pass. It had - and then it had an iDEN churn component. So it was really the totality of all four that made that deal for us. So it's hard to say is that the right recipe going forward. There is a right recipe for sure. We've done these deals before and we would do them again. But it really is a very much of facts and circumstances type test. That was the right deal for us at that time based on those four variables and the agreements that we go through, in fact, the each –whether or not those circumstances will present themselves again. We'll see. But it's certainly something more amenable to and we would be very open too under the right circumstances.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I will take the last one first. I think there are going to be some opportunities. There are going to be in many cases in more rural areas which pose their own challenges, but I also do continue to believe, Brett, that there will be some terms and conditions challenges that go with that work as well.
Jeff Stoops: We have had some very interesting conversations with some folks who have taken those terms and then very disappointed at the amounts of money we will prepare to pay.
Jeff Stoops: I don't know. That's a very interesting question, Colby, on your last one. The combined Sprint, T-Mobile clearly wants to make great use of the 2.5G spectrum which everybody knows doesn't promulgate thus far. So that's my layman's potential answer. But that and a nickel will get you a cup of coffee. That's - so I don't really know the answer to that or maybe it's just there more nuanced view of the capacity, intensity requirements of 4 or 5G network that others will ultimately have to get to once they get to that level of thinking. And in terms of the 35000, it would be nice to see the detail on all that and whether the - some of that consists of Clearwire and Metro and iDEN and things that everyone already has kind of thought is going away anyway. I happen to think it does, but I'm not quite sure of that myself. But at the end of the day I think this is going to be much as prior integrations have gone and decommissioning except this one has the added positive offset of knowing that every single site that remains has to have potentially significant equipment attitude to satisfy the combined company's ongoing needs.
Jeff Stoops: I didn't say rural, I said, non-urban and it's basically the use of the MIMO antennas which was highlighted in the Sprint/T-Mobile call yesterday as the way to use the lower the non - given the millimeter wave spectrum a way to get to 5G. So we're starting see applications for that and so it is happening, what they actually talked about.
Jeff Stoops: No, if that was the impression - I said, that would be as we - we're going to do at least that given how much we've already done at this point in the year. So we have the opportunity to grow the portfolio more than what the low end of the range. We will surpass the low end of the range assuming we close everything we have under contract, which I've no reason to doubt that we will. And the only thing that will hold us back Batya is what I discussed earlier about price sensitivity and getting good deals.
