Mark C. DeRussy, CFA: Thank you, Ryan. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for SBA's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we will discuss on this call is forward-looking, including but not limited to, any guidance for 2016 and beyond. These forward-looking statements may be affected by the risks and uncertainties in our business. Everything we say here today is qualified in its entirety by cautionary statements and risk factors set forth in today's press release and our SEC filings, which documents are publicly available. These factors and others have affected historical results, may affect future results and may cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement we may make. Our statements are as of today, May 2, and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statement we may make. Our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures, as defined in Regulation G as well as other key operating metrics. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and the other information required by Regulation G can be found in our Supplemental Financial Data package. In addition to the Regulation G information, this package also contains other current and historical financial data. This is located on our Investor Relations landing page at ir.sbasite.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brendan.
Mark C. DeRussy, CFA: Thank you, Brendan. SBA ended the quarter with $8.6 billion of total debt. We had cash and cash equivalents, short-term restricted cash and short-term investments of $129.1 million. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 7.7 times. Our first quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 3.4 times. We ended the quarter with $20 million outstanding under our $1 billion revolver and we have zero outstanding as of today. At quarter end, the weighted average coupon of our outstanding debt is 3.9% and our weighted average maturity is approximately five years. During the quarter, we repurchased 507,000 shares of common stock for $50 million at an average price per share of $98.65. We currently have $650 million of authorization remaining under our stock repurchase program. Quarter end shares outstanding were 125.5 million. We have no debt maturities in 2016. Our next maturity is $550 million of securitization notes due April 2017. We believe the prevailing rates to refinance these notes in the securitization market today would allow us to further reduce our weighted average interest rates. We feel good about our balance sheet strategy, and our ability to refinance existing debt and access additional capital if desired. Our debt prices across our capital structure continue to reflect the stability in and attractiveness of our underlying business. Our leverage target remains in the 7 times to 7.5 times range. Our primary capital allocation focus is portfolio growth that meets our investment return requirements, which could be augmented with share repurchases at prices that we believe are below intrinsic value as we have done over the past several quarters. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark C. DeRussy, CFA: Jonathan, on the full-year guidance changes, you're correct that most of the change was due to FX. So, if you take the leasing revenue guidance, we increased our midpoint of that guidance by $11.5 million from the previous version. $13 million positive increase was due to FX, as we discussed. So, the net change otherwise was a reduction of only $1.5 million at the midpoint. In the first quarter, we beat – when you exclude the FX component of our outperformance in the first quarter, we outperformed by $4.2 million. So that leaves us basically a reduction that's a little less than $6 million for the balance of the year from what we were assuming previously. And that's basically all due to the slower activity levels we expect organically during the rest of the year from what we were previously anticipating. There's a modest amount of pickup from some M&A that we did, but that's less than $2 million. So, basically the changes the reduction in domestic organic activity.
Mark C. DeRussy, CFA: Yeah. Brendan is going to take the second one, but I said something a little different on the 600-megahertz. My point on the 600-megahertz is, with the news that came out Friday and the size of the spectrum being offered now kind of at the max. That may prove to be a bigger call on our customers capital than what folks originally thought or what they even planned for without knowing that the maximum was going to be made available. And the way that auction works now with the greater amount of spectrum being available, it actually could take longer to complete as well. That was the point I was trying to make.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yeah. In terms of the splits between international and domestic, we're really projecting ongoing revenue growth rate similar to where we are today. We feel conservative view on the next four years. And in terms of asset growth, it's probably two-thirds international, one-third domestic. Although, the asset growth projections and all of that, Jonathan, are really right at the low end of our traditional 5% to 10% portfolio growth per year. So, we feel it's extremely achievable goal that we put forth.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yeah. That's correct. Most of the reduction is due to anticipating in building less towers in Brazil. Many of the Brazil new builds that were expected to be completed toward the latter half of the year anyway. So, based on the progress or the pace of progress with our customers where we are right now, we're expecting that some of those sites will probably slip into next year, but because many of them were expected to be completed toward the end of the year, the impact on our forecasted revenues and TCF is relatively small.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yeah, sure. So, for the 8.0%, we would be basically around 6.5%, mid-6%s, and for the domestic, we would expect to be in the mid-5%s, around 5.5%.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And, David, on your other question, I think the words I used were historically modest, not necessarily historically low. But in either case, I think everybody knows that leasing activity has been depressed in terms of historical levels over the last year-and-a-half. So, we're seeing that because the carriers are focused primarily on upgrades at existing sites and capacity builds, not a lot of new sighting. So, I think, we don't believe that there's any impact from the Verizon towers taking market share. We haven't seen any evidence of that at all. So, I don't think that's a cause of this. And I think if you look across the industry, you wouldn't see any disparity in terms of what each of the tower companies are experiencing.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: I'll take the last one first. We did have a number of conversations and things, which, through our last call, gave us confidence that maybe the reductions from that client would not be necessary, but that's no longer the case, Simon.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: In terms of some of the other assumptions around the long-term, we are continuing to assume that U.S. escalators stay in the 3% to 3.5% range. We don't see any reason why that would change. And in Brazil, for example, we use a declining inflation rate over this period of time, down from where it is today. So, we actually think it's a fairly – you used the word base-case and if you were to see the document that we've prepared we call that our base case, but we do think the assumptions around it are very conservative.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Well, Brett, I mean, you're talking somewhere north of $1 billion certainly. So, I mean, at this stage that's not high on our list of considerations to wait that long, but it would be pretty significant.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: No. It wouldn't have to change other than our assessment of how best to maximize value for our shareholders. I mean, we have, for years, believed and particularly in this interest rate environment that our capital appreciation model of leverage growth was the way to go. The math continues to support that regardless of whether you're in a REIT tax selection or not, but we will. As we get closer, we'll be evaluating whether a lower leverage, higher payout yield model makes more sense for our shareholders than the leverage capital appreciation model. And that's the issue, that's the decision to be made.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yeah. It measured as a fourth quarter compared to fourth quarter of last year, the consolidated gross number was 8%, net, 6.5% range. On the domestic side, it was about 7.2% at the midpoint of guidance, mid 5%s, 5.5% on a net basis; and internationally, we would expect it to be about 13% both gross and net.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yeah. And then, Michael, on the question about T-Mobile, if you go back into the 2014 timeframe and earlier, they were just simply being outpaced by AT&T pretty significantly. So, their percentage wasn't necessarily increasing too much at that point. Recently it's begun to increase some, but the other factor is that we signed with them an agreement that allowed for a much higher escalator for a period of time. And when you book that on a GAAP basis and those percentages you're looking at are GAAP based, it straight lined in. So, you don't actually see the revenue contribution from that increasing over time, but you are seeing some increases if you look at the last so many quarters, you'll see that they're actually picking up. I think they're up a full percentage point from six months ago just based on organic new leasing activity.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think given the fact that we need to see something material between now and the end of the third quarter for it to impact our full-year financial results, Phil. And the fact that the 600-megahertz auction looks like it may be bigger now and last longer based on the reports that came out of the FCC on Friday. We're guiding to steady revenue growth between now and the end of the year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No. I think the comment that Brendan made was directed to new builds. Actually, the lease up activity has been fine and steady. So, we really are not projecting any material changes between now and the end of the year in terms of the organic picture in Brazil. Now, we would agree we think it could be a lot better if the economy were better down there, but we're actually doing just fine in spite of what is, as you said, a very tough economy.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, in our case, there's not a lot of lost flexibility because we already are operating as though we are a REIT today. So, from an operation standpoint and some of the administrative headaches that go with it, we're actually already set up now to deal with those. It's really more just about using those NOLs while we have the flexibility to do it. It's about some state tax implications that we might incur if we were to convert because we'd have taxable REIT subsidiaries that today are consolidated within our entire reporting structure. So, there would be some, while very small some negative tax implications if we were to convert earlier.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Jonathan, we actually did go into it, the TowerCo deal, with the understanding that there were sites that if we were not able to add second tenets, we would decommission those sites and eliminate the costs associated with them. We actually have been able to do that over the last couple of years, many of them in advance of the termination date that took place in October. So, we did realize a number of savings there. There are some others that were still doing that on, but that's been in, kind of, building in our numbers over the last couple of years.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. The expectations are slowly changing, Jonathan, because we're walking away from probably more deals in the U.S. than we do. There is a fair amount though of product out there that it's available, and we'll continue to pursue it and only pursue it to the end when we see prices that make sense for us over both the short-term and long-term period of time. I think there is a little bit still of unrealistic views of reality from some of the sellers, particularly those that have the single tenant towers because while the carrier activity is pretty darn good around amendments, it's slower on brand new cell-siting as I think everybody knows. And that, some folks who are building these towers still are unwilling to accept that, but those are not the ones we're buying.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: David, at the risk of disappointing you, this is Jeff. I'm going to answer the Brazil question, because I was spending a lot of time with our Brazilian team on it. Right now, Oi is pursuing an out-of-court restructuring, which would leave our involvement in our contracts unchanged. We have not been asked to opine, we've not been asked to participate in this process. And if it is successful, there's no changes for us other than we have a financially stronger customer down there. So, we are rooting for that to occur. If it doesn't occur, Brazil has two types of bankruptcy, judicially. The first thing I talked about was an out of judicial process. The two types of bankruptcy in Brazil judicial are essentially very much the same as the U.S. Chapter 7 and the U.S. Chapter 11. If Brazil or if Oi pursues a judicial remedy, we're very confident that it would only be in the restructuring side of things, which, again, based on the laws down there, they would not be able to terminate our operating leases. So we feel extremely good about how we're going to come out of this Oi debt restructuring process, whether it's out-of-court or in-court. And then I would add that just like in the United States, if, in fact, the judicial process turns into a Chapter 7 liquidation, that would be the scenario in which we could lose our leases. We don't expect to see that even in the slightest.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Amir, I think it's entirely your first premise. I think we're just at the point now, and we were very clear with this on our last couple calls that our initial guidance assumed sequentially increasing activity levels. And we haven't seen that from end of fourth quarter now to end of first quarter, and because we effectively only have four months or five months to go, that can impact our full year results. At this point, we're just going to guide to steady activity. But in terms of all the stuff that still needs to be done, and we think will be done in some period of time, we remain very confident about that.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think you should consider it as a mix. And our assumptions around that, and first of all, it's over $10 a share. Assume that we stay levered, it assumes some continued devaluation over time in the Brazilian reals. It assumes some capital allocation towards new builds, portfolio growth and augmentations and other things, but it does include a healthy slug of that capital allocation to share repurchases.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think long-term growth – I mean, in the last two years, Mike, I think we've gone from a 20% compounded AFFO per share world down to a mid-teens world, and that's the world that we see going forward. And again that's with fairly non-heroic assumptions around it. I think when you parse down the operating leverage in our business all the way down to the AFFO per share line, and you look at our continued use of leverage at even assuming increasing rates, but not wildly increasing rates over that period of time, that's how you get there. So, the biggest change is, from two years ago to today are several percentage points of decline in assumed organic growth rates. So that's kind of our views have changed over the last couple of years. In terms of carrier behavior, hey, look, our customers are fighting for every dime. They're in a very competitive world out there. They're definitely, as they always have, paying attention to expenses. So, they fight for every last dollar, but we're good partners. They need what we have. We understand what their needs are, and we meet somewhere in the middle and we continue to do good business. But, yeah, our customers are focused on expenses, absolutely.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Our current forecast say that we will be E&P positive sometime during 2017. So that would be correct if that holds true.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. That's the part it's still to be determined. In our earlier comments, Brett, assume that we would convert somewhere around the time that we did have positive E&P, so that you don't have an additional drain on the capital structure, but that over $10 per share in 2020 does not assume at this point the commencement of a dividend between now and then. So, that's something yet to be looked at.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. We continue to target 7.0 times to 7.5 times. We're only above it because we believe our stock has represented extremely strong intrinsically valued opportunity. So, you should see us get back to our target range by the end of the year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I don't see it that way. What I see over the last two years, 2015 and 2016 is a world where our customers have a lot of calls on their capital. I believe it was $45 billion of AWS through spending last year and now in light of the 126-megahertz of 600 spectrum could be that much this year. You had other things that some of our customers were doing. And at the end of the day, I believe their top priority in addition to growing their business is to maintaining their dividend. So, they're prioritizing things. And they've concluded, I think, that their highest priority for the time being is to densify their networks, which densify doesn't mean just small cells, it means amendments to all of the macro sites. And that's where the capital is going, which I find very logical in light of where they happen to be and the amounts of money that they have available to spend without impacting their credit ratings or their dividends. So, I would disagree with you there a little bit, Colby.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It is because we don't think, I mean, they're not going to be able to decommission things that quickly. So, yes. The answer to that would be, yes, but then we'd have to read that with – that is not anticipated in that plan. I don't think it would prevent us from getting there, but it might impact the growth rates going forward in the United States.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Some of those have come in, Nick, but the backlogs just haven't come in above that. We needed backlogs to continue to grow, and they've actually been very, very steady, but some of those things that we thought could happen did, but the backlog still are stable and don't support that tick up in activity that we had originally assumed that's going to occur.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we have a lot of capital. We have an undrawn revolver and then we have our organic AFFO that we generate. So, we have tremendous liquidity. And, you're right. And to your point, the primary governor at this point is our target leverage range. So, as we move through that, and EBITDA picks up, and we could actually have a tremendous boost if we see continued improvements in the FX translation rates. But that will largely dictate how much of that liquidity we will spend. It's not a liquidity issue as much as it is just staying around our long time leverage targets.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think they would react well if you kind of take that through to its logical conclusion. But if you do that, you're really giving up the opportunity to use historically low cost debt to grow the company and particularly to buy your stock back at what I think will prove to be extremely attractive pricing, particularly as we move past 2016 and people start to see what the numbers look like once we get rid of the iDEN churn and the other three or four items that we mentioned, which all will look better in 2017. We think we have some pretty unique opportunities right now that will be maximized if we continue to maintain the capital structure that we have.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: And thank you everyone for joining us this evening, and we look forward to reporting our second quarter results. Thanks, Ryan.
