Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I mean we obviously haven't done anything in the first two months or we would have told you about it that was largely a function of where we ended the year at 7.6 times. We'll go a little higher than that maybe for the right opportunities, which we did I think once or twice last year, but the 7.5, 7.6 quarter ending leverage is really where we're targeting to be during this period of time. So, obviously, we didn't do any in the first two months, but you certainly ought not to take that as an indication of where the rest of the year is going to go particularly when you kind of model in our stated goals of keeping the balance sheet leveraged at 7 to 7.5 times looking out our EBITDA guidance and what our availability of capital will be.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, Jonathan, this is Jeff. On the FirstNet, we continue to anticipate an early to no later than mid summer award, I believe the only reason it's being held up so far is there was a challenge to the process, which I do believe is working self-through. We believe they're going to want to go pretty quick at that point. And at this time while we haven't seen the final specs yet, we do believe that these specs will consist of adding lines and antennas that the existing rad center to whoever the partner is that gets picked for the project. And that will be sectorized, so you’re looking at three lines, three antennas type thing. There is still some talk out there that the deployment would come in the form of a separate rad center. While that would be better for us given the amount of tower capacity that would take, we're not putting any stock in that until we actually see what's coming out exactly. And regardless of what I just said in the timing, none of that is really in our guidance for 2017. In terms of 5G, there's obviously a lot of talk about that, and not a lot is known for sure. We've talked to a number of folks though both at the equipment side and at the customer side and there's not been anyone who thinks that the millimeter wave spectrum is going to be utilized outside the urban markets. So we believe that just like 4G which rolled out nationwide, 5G will be two and it will use the macro sites to do that probably with spectrum that may exist today. And certainly not exclusively the millimeter wave type spectrum that you may see used more exclusively in the urban markets. And we do know based on everything we've heard that to achieve the gains and quality speed latency and all the other things that 5G will bring that it will require new radios and new antennas even if existing spectrum is utilized. So that's what we believe today and we expect as time goes on to have more specificity around that.
Jeff Stoops: So I think you're going to start seeing increased network stress. I don't think anybody would or could argue otherwise with that. I mean one of the things that will happen with the unlimited plans is people will be less inclined to even think about transitioning over to WiFi when its available. So you have a lot of – you have a lot more spectrum or a lot more capacity run through the cellular networks. Now as it has always been in our industry, Mike, the question will be where do our customers want to invest the money and how much money do they have to invest. I don't think there's ever been any issue about the operational needs for continued network investment, but they run businesses as we do and you know you have to justify the investment. That's really the bigger issue in my opinion as opposed to will the operational needs be there, which we think are absolutely clear. So on the small cell side, there's – we've seen absolutely no overlap in our business from a negative way. We actually have leased out some small cell spaces on our towers at the 60-ish foot level, which is not an area that we've typically used all that is great. So, operationally, we've seen no overlap and no cannibalization. But again you may have issues where carriers depending on the area. We'll deploy more money in one area for small cell and more money for macro in a non-urban market. But keep in mind we've never really been an urban company. So the architecture is not changing where we are. And we’ve not seen any indication that our customers are bringing products and speeds to urban markets that they're not eventually going to bring nationwide.
Jeff Stoops: Sure, yeah, so actually if you look at one of the new slides that we included, which is the first slide in the supplemental deck that we've posted on our website, its a bridge of our 2016 leasing revenue to the midpoint of our 2017 guidance, but we've broken it down into not just consolidated numbers, but also domestic and international. And so if you look at the International, there you'll see the contributions that are being made or that we assume will be made in our guidance from each of those categories in new leasing activity: the escalators and the churn. And I think if you look at that you'll see that the escalator pieces is the bigger component driving the growth that's roughly 6.5% on a same tower basis off of that core base of revenue. And a lot of that is carried by Brazil and the fact that inflationary rates drive escalators. The churn is basically almost nothing. We show about $1 million year-over-year down and that's really a vestige of some smaller items, but really there's no churn to speak of. So we expect to continue to see pretty steady activity there. The leasing activity from an operational lease up standpoint in the fourth quarter internationally was very strong. It was stronger than our third quarter, so we've seen some steady improvement. And we expect to have a fairly steady year year-over-year for 2017 over 2016 from that standpoint.
Jeff Stoops: Not internationally. I mean domestically you're going to see a big drop off in the Metro, Leap and Clearwire churn as we move through the year, but we think we've talked about that quite a bit.
Jeff Stoops: And on your fixed wireless question, Colby, we absolutely can make use of towers provided they're in the right locations.
Jeff Stoops: You mean for the – for almost all of the non U.S. dollar denominated revenue was CPI based with some floors. In basically in South America, so we've got about 17% of our revenues come internationally roughly 5% are of those are in Central America and Canada, all of which have fixed escalators on the tenant leases. And then almost the rest of it is almost entirely Brazil, which is – and Ecuador which is CPI based.
Jeff Stoops: Just for clarification because we’re really forecasting pretty flat growth from a lease up standpoint on the leases and the escalators in terms of the activity that we've seen recently. If you're comparing this to full year 2016 to full year 2016, it is down a little bit because of a little bit higher organic growth that we experienced in the middle of 2015 that carried over an impact of the year-over-year growth. So if you're going back that far, it would certainly be a slight step down in the organic lease up, but the rate of growth that we’re assuming in terms of leasing activity and therefore the dollars added are pretty flat with what we’ve seen here recently over the last six months or four months – I’m sorry four quarters last year. So that’s to be relatively flat. The escalators on the international side though are definitely down from where they were because the Brazil escalation rates, the CPI rates, were substantially higher than they are today. So that piece is down. But otherwise, I think, it should be relatively flat.
Jeff Stoops: No I think there’s an adequate cushion Nick, I think, you basically have lived through it these last two years. I mean we really don’t see under any likely circumstance reductions in levels of operational activity from where we were last year and then the last half of 2015. So I don’t, I mean, theoretically, yes somebody has to pay for all the operational needs in the network, but I don’t think we’re at a point where you really have to question whether that’s going to happen certainly to the degree that it’s been happening over the last six quarters. But we would like to see tax reform and net neutrality and whatever you can see that would bring, we’d like to ARPU go up for sure. I mean it does, I think, we have a good feeling where that money would go. we think it would go back into the network.
Jeff Stoops: Well our pricing structure is such that relatively every single lease and every single amendment that we do we have open and full pricing availability, so you would have that ability on any piece of new business to take into account inflation if you didn't think the escalator, need, ever if you thought it needed adjusting. Actually on that point and I think that's a good one which is why we think the escalators are appropriate where they are we may very well see a point in time where CPI, peoples [ph] perhaps slightly ahead of the escalator. So I think looking forward the escalators and not the fixed escalators in our industry look pretty reasonable. In terms of other things that we might do our expenses are pretty well fixed other than our SG&A and that’s such a low percentage of revenue that I don't think that's going to be a material issue. But it's really pretty much on the new leases and the new amendments where we would be able to address that.
Jeff Stoops: We thought when we said guidance Walt that we would just carry over existing activity levels and not produce anything above that until we actually booked it.
Jeff Stoops: Yes we're evaluating it, we like the end building aspect better as we think it could be more exclusive. But we are taking a look.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, I mean if you look at what's still out there to come, the AWS3, WC assets first now assuming that we see some of that to some of our revenue this year, it should sure that some of the operational activity. At this point we're seeing most of that in the four, believing most of that will come in the form of amendments.
Jeff Stoops: Yes the MLA that we did not do at that time we looked back with the feeling that we definitely made the right decision because the amount of costumer activity that ultimately happened was well beyond what was contemplated in the proposed MLAs. But having said that, we're very open to MLA's provided that they come with the right financial terms and conditions and that we have a reasonably matching view of the future as our customers do.
Jeff Stoops: Well Mike we would take leverage up to a point where we could delever back within about a year, that's always how we've approached that. And I would also say while we haven't issued equity, I believe since one in 12 we did so then and I think it was to bring positive impact to our shareholders. So if we thought the deal was good enough, we would not be first to issuing equity. And on your second question we were on a public company for the benefit of our shareholders who create as much value for our shareholders as we can. We've done that for 20 years now or may be 18 years we think a great success as an independent company, we think we have a very good path to continue value creation in the $10 or more than broker share by 2020. But at the end of the day we have a fiduciary duty to maximize near-term and long-term value for our shareholders.
Jeff Stoops: We appreciate your time this evening and we look forward to reporting our 2017 results as we move through the year. Thank you.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, yes. And that that is also you should reckon that is consistent with how we've done it throughout our history. So part of the goal here was to provide a little more of the detail behind those same tower growth calculations. So now you can take the leasing activity, the escalations and even the churn and you have to abate on which those percentages are calculated.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. So the summary they're all down draft because they're all items that make up total revenue, but we exclude from core recurring cash leasing revenue. The managed and non-macro is almost entirely our managed rooftops and lease – sublease business that we've had for many, many years. We have about 500 or so revenue producing rooftops that we managed that’s the majority of that particular item. The other miscellaneous items is kind of a mix of a variety of things includes cash basis revenues out of period revenues where we maybe get paid for something and recognize it in, in a particular period, but it relates to six months or something. So it's not really representative of that quarter's revenue terminations fees other miscellaneous fees that we might collect from tenant is that kind of stuff. And that can vary up or down a little bit in any given period. So we feel that it's appropriate to exclude that because it's not really representative of a recurring type item at least on those particular sites.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes that's being removed because although we do get paid that money, these are all real revenue items, but because it's more of a one-time event that doesn't recur we remove it just like the miscellaneous items in order to give you a true view on what the organic growth rates look like.
Brendan Cavanagh: John, on the FX question, your spot rate today is around 3.11 or so in Brazil that’s the bulk obviously of our FX impact. We've assumed an increasing rate throughout the year that average is 3.32. So the difference if we had the spot rate throughout the balance of the year would be approximately $12 million of revenue and somewhere around $7 million or so on the TCF and EBITDA lines.
Brendan Cavanagh: In general, Jonathan you should look at the – you should assume that the non-U.S. dollar denominated revenues are CPI based and the U.S. dollars – I mean that's within 1% of being right on the money. So in Brazil, yes there is some branch sharing. Nextel is looking to do some ranch sharing with Telefonica. And TIM and Oi have done some ranch sharing although it does not appear to be pervasive at this point.
Brendan Cavanagh: We continue to operate the company as a leverage capital appreciation story and we want to growth the assets. So the answer to your question is really it depends. And we would do either one of those if we saw that the right growth opportunities would follow the purchase just as we did when we first went into Brazil with the Vivo transaction.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes may be you are looking at the total numbers, certainly in that case if you look at the breakdowns that was what we were trying to show, I think, in the bridge as what the different components are that are contributing to our growth year-over-year. And you can see that there are certain items that are certain items that are stepping backwards, there’s non-cash item like straight-line revenue, but we’re also assuming a decrease in some of the other items, most of the other items that are stepping down are a reduction in the augmentation of the amortization – a reduction in the amortization of augmentation reimbursement is a big chunk of it. And then we’re also assuming a little bit less on some of those miscellaneous items that I discussed earlier like [indiscernible] and termination fees that kind of stuff.
Brendan Cavanagh: I would say our goal would continue to be invested all in portfolio growth, but I suspect we will not and you will see additional stock repurchases this year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well I can't pick to what they've assumed our assumption is that things stay flat in terms of the leasing activity that we've had over the last year or so. That’s the driver of this number for us if we do have activity that goes beyond that and it starts to contribute to our financial results in time this year then this number will go up or if it doesn’t, if it stays flat, this will be, I think, about where it comes in.
Brendan Cavanagh: Richard we're expecting that it would be fairly consistent with what we've seen over the past year, so predominantly from amendment.
Brendan Cavanagh: Circumstance yes. So we obviously have had steady operational leasing levels throughout 2016, which basically means we’re signing up or contracting for consistent amount of recurring cash leasing revenue per tower each quarter. But the growth rate is down really because of timing between executing these agreements and when the revenue starts to hit our income statement, as well the fact that this growth rate changes that are over the truck trailing twelve months. So in this case the decline in the reported revenue growth rate from Q3 to Q4 was due to higher operational lease up in Q2 and Q3 of 2015 and what we had for instance in Q2 and Q3 of 2016. So basically you have higher lease up in the middle of fifteen at your financial statements in the fourth quarter and 2015, so the growth from Q3 to Q4 2015 was higher than the growth from Q3 to Q4 2016. And so as you kind of roll forward an extra quarter and you drop off, what was actually a bigger growth quarter that’s the impact.
