Mark DeRussy: Good morning, everyone -- I'm sorry -- good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for SBA's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Brendan Cavanagh, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Marc Montagner, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we will discuss on this call is forward-looking, including, but not limited to, any guidance for 2024 and beyond. In today's press release and in our SEC filings, we detail material risks that may cause our future results to differ from our expectations. Our statements are as of today, February 26, and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make. In addition, our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures and other key operating metrics. The reconciliation of and other information regarding these items can be found in our supplemental financial data package, which is located on the landing page of our Investor Relations website. With that, I will now turn it over to Marc to discuss our fourth quarter results and 2024 outlook.
Mark DeRussy: Thank you, Marc. We ended the quarter with $12.4 billion of total debt and $12.1 billion of net debt. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 6.3 times, which is below the low end of our target range and near the lowest level we have seen in decades. Our fourth quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was very strong at 5.2 times. During the fourth quarter 2023, the company entered into a $1 billion forward starting interest rate swap, which will swap one-month SOFR for a fixed rate of 3.83%. The swap has an effective start date of March 31, 2025, which coincides with the expiration of our existing $1.95 billion notional interest rate swap. This forward starting interest rate swap agreement will expire April 11, 2028. Subsequent to the fourth quarter and on January 25th of 2024, the company issued a new $2.3 billion secured term loan B under its amended and restated senior credit agreement. This matures in January of 2031. The new term loan accrues interest at SOFR plus 200 basis points. The existing $1.95 billion interest rate swap will remain in effect until expiration on March 31, 2025. The term loan was issued at 99.75% of par value. The proceeds were used to retire the company's 2018 term loan and to pay related fees and expenses. Also subsequent to the quarter, on February 23, 2024, the company further increased the total commitments under the revolving credit facility from $1.75 billion to $2 billion. We continue to use cash on hand to repay amounts under the revolver. And as of today, we have a $70 million outstanding balance under our $2 billion revolver. The current weighted average interest rate of our total outstanding debt is 3% with a weighted average maturity of approximately 4.1 years. The current rate on our outstanding revolver balance is 6.4%. The interest rate on 97% of our current outstanding debt is fixed. During the fourth quarter, as we previously discussed on our third quarter earnings call, we repurchased 235 -- I'm sorry, 234,000 shares of our common stock, $46 million at an average price of $198.27 per share. We currently have $405 million of repurchase authorization remaining under our $1 billion stock repurchase plan. The company shares outstanding at December 31, 2023, were 108.1 million. In addition, during the fourth quarter, we declared and paid a cash dividend of $91.8 million or $0.85 a share. And today, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a first quarter dividend of $0.98 per share payable on March 28, 2024, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 14, 2024. This dividend represents an increase of approximately 15% over the dividend we paid in the fourth quarter. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Brendan.
Mark DeRussy: There is the possibility to do that. We have done this in the past. This hedge only represents 50% of what our actual outstanding debt is. So there could be room to increase our or hedging along those lines as well. But with respect to any type of timetable, David, no, there is no timetable. We're just going to keep an eye on the market and act appropriately if we decide that that's the thing that we need to do.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. So Rick, on the leverage side, we're at 6.3 times mostly because we believe that throughout the last year, the best use of our capital was into paying down that floating rate debt that we had with some of the highest cost debt in our structure. And we didn't necessarily see opportunities that we thought were a better use of capital. but we're comfortable at a higher level of leverage if we see the right place to use that capital. That may include some amount of stock buybacks, but it also obviously would include quality acquisitions if we see that opportunity. So really, what we're doing is, we're retaining flexibility as it relates to our balance sheet to go in whichever direction we think produces the best result. We don't feel that we have to stay at this level, but if we do, that's fine too. On the M&A front, yeah, it's one of the aspects of what we look for when we're looking at a new market or even at opportunities within some of our existing markets where we're perhaps not a market leader in terms of our position is to be a leader, if we can in terms of our size and importance to our customers. We used to just assume that we look at all opportunities that are available throughout the globe, frankly, as they come available, and we consider that among a number of other factors where we're looking at that. I can't really speak to anything specific that we're looking at, but there definitely are opportunities out there.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. The time frame from signing something to when it actually gets into revenue is still pretty consistent with what it's been in the past. Obviously, it's a little bit longer for a brand-new lease when we sign that. That's usually a good six months or more on the amendments, it's typically shorter, closer to three months, but it depends on the specific circumstances. So that's pretty consistent with what it's been in the past. In terms of the pacing throughout the year, our projections, if you look at our bridge in terms of what we've put forth as contributions, and I assume you're asking about domestic specifically. But domestically, that number should be a little bit more front-end loaded today because it's based on activity that we've seen throughout last year and that's kind of rolling over. And at this point, we're not necessarily forecasting a material pickup in activity. But to the extent there is that pickup in activity, it's mostly going to impact next year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. On your first question, there's no specific plans to exit anything -- to exit the data centers or anything else in particular. But I will tell you that we are applying the same lens to everything that we do as we kind of evaluate these various things, whether it's international markets or its other product lines. And we look at that through a financial lens and what the future can be, opportunities to grow it, what are the synergies with our base core business. I mean, ultimately, we're a tower company, how do things fit in with that. As we go through that analysis, we may come to the conclusion with something that we should exit it, but we may also come to the conclusion that we should grow it too. So at this stage, it's premature to say that we would make a decision one way or the other, but you should assume that we're looking at each of our holdings through that lens. With regard to Brazil, we did actually -- I don't know if you recall, Jon, but last year, we announced about a year ago at this time that we had entered into an agreement with TIM related to the Oi consolidation and it actually pulled forward some of the churn into 2023 associated with that consolidation, but it dealt with a number of other issues and extended agreements out. So we already have something largely in place with Tim. In the case of Claro, there's currently nothing in place, but we're constantly in discussions with them and it may or may not lead to something, but we're talking with them about what would be best for them and for us.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. It basically means your relevance in the market to your customers, which generally means the size and scale of your operations. So the percentage of the portfolio that you represent for the larger, most important customers in that market. When you are at a level that is frankly immaterial to their network needs, your ability to drive additional business and to negotiate terms on new opportunities is just not as great as when you're a more meaningful partner. So that's really what I mean when I talk about the size and scale. As it relates to new markets, that would be a consideration, obviously, before we go into the new market, what's our position going to look like in that market. So it doesn't mean that we would not go into a new market, but we would consider that factor as one of the factors when we're thinking about it.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, yeah, it could. Obviously, we're just above $40 million now for this year. So if we don't see any pickup as we get to the second half of the year, I do expect that the run rate at the end of the year today, that's implied in our guidance would be slightly below $40 million. So it’s possible. I think though some of this is lumpiness in the way that things come in under our AT&T MLA agreement. So the fact that it's a little higher in the first part of the year and a little lower in the second half of the year could be something we see next year as well.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. On that item, David, I mean, really the thinking was that we sort of took half of it and created some level of certainty given that there's some instability, obviously, in what interest rates will look like. And we've seen -- we've all seen over the last few months, expectations of when interest rate cuts are going to happen, move around quite a bit. So for us, we basically ensure that a portion of that debt, we would have some stability and certainty on it. And it locks in basically at much lower rate than exists today. So if we let the other piece flow, I think we can have a good natural hedge in that case. On your other questions on the use of cash in our guidance, we do -- because there will be cash that's obviously accumulated, part of it first goes into paying down the revolver, of course, what's left outstanding on that and it covers some of the discretionary spending that is implied in our guidance for deals that are under contract as well as new builds, the items that are basically covered in our discretionary CapEx guidance. Anything excess is assumed to be invested at about a 4% or so interest rate. So that is implied in our net cash interest guidance, some interest income on that. And then I think your other question was the M&A versus buybacks and the timing. I mean, we -- there's a variety of things that we're constantly looking at. And the timing of M&A transactions, you don't have as much control over. Obviously, we have complete control over buybacks. And so -- to some degree, we have to balance the capital that we have available and that we may or may not need. And so sometimes we can jump in earlier. If we have a clear vision as to what's going to happen and other times, we have to hold back a little bit and see how things play out. So I hear what you're saying, and we obviously believe our stock is a good buy at this level that we've got to balance that against all the different options in front of us.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. So, Mike, the numbers that we typically report on, we report on because we think they're the most important. I think the number one metric in our view here and with our Board and frankly, with many of our investors is AFFO per share because it represents that amount of actual free cash flow that is available to be returned to shareholders in some form or fashion, whether that be reinvested into the business, or be paid out as a dividend or be used for stock buybacks, whatever the usage is, it's effectively what's available at the end of the day after everything has been paid for. And so that's the metric that we focus on most of all. Having said that, obviously, the next few years, there are some challenges to our AFFO per share metric, largely because of two things that are not new. Interest rates, we've done an excellent job over the last many years locking in very low-cost debt, but the market is what it is. And at some point, you have to refinance at least some of that debt. And so you're going to see higher interest costs that weighs on that a little bit. And of course, the Sprint churn, in particular, that is kind of out there that we know we have ahead of us, and we've scoped for you as to what that looks like. But outside of that, the real goal, frankly, is to see that number go up over an extended period of time. This is a business that is a very long-term business at its core. We have very long-term contracts. Our relationships are long term. The assets are long term. And so we look at how we're going to maximize that number over an extended period of time. As a public company, it can be challenging because you're reporting every single quarter, and so it gets scrutinized every quarter, but the nature of the business is long term. So we try to take that long-term view on how we're going to grow that number out over a period of five to 10 years. And I think we'll be well positioned to do that. The other metrics though are very important as well. Obviously, growing site leasing revenue, growing adjusted EBITDA shows that we're able to find continued returns on our operations, but really AFFO per share is where I focus most of my energy. And then I guess your second question was about the upgrade percentage for 5G. We're a little bit over halfway in terms of upgrades to our sites for 5G, but that is different among the different carriers. Some are much further along and others are below that number. So we still have a pretty good runway. I think we're looking at the next two to three years to get to where they've upgraded all the sites they need to.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, the M&A market is still quite competitive. In the US, in particular, because there's such a limited number of assets available, they're very competitively bid. So we continue to see price points that are very high. Internationally, that is also true, although I would say we've seen a little more moderation with the increasing cost of capital in terms of international price points. But the interesting thing about that is what it's resulted in is not necessarily deals being done at lower prices in many cases, but frankly, deals not getting done at all where there's sort of a disconnect between where seller expectations are and where buyers are willing to pay. I think you'll start to see some of that shift over the course of the coming year, particularly if the interest rate environment remains elevated. In the case of DISH, yeah, they are certainly a component of our assumptions for our leasing growth for this year. They have -- they do have the deadlines that you mentioned, and we've had ongoing conversations with them, and we believe that they will be attacking those obligations aggressively. So we do have some amount of growth in our model associated with DISH. But I would say it's a relatively small percentage of the total.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. I'll take the second one first. The 281 aren't necessarily all closed at this point. They're either -- I think a few are closed, but most are just under contract at this point. And about 10% of those are in the US. The remaining 90% are located throughout our existing markets in half a dozen different countries that we're already in. In the case of the way we're thinking about the strategic review, it's really -- it's not necessarily emerging markets versus developed although that can be a factor. It's a focus on how we maximize our position in those markets. So we have positions in emerging markets that are very strong because of the strength of our role and our existing relationships with the strongest carriers in those markets. And so if we can enhance that in places where we don't have it, then I think we would be comfortable with the markets regardless of whether they were necessarily developed or emerging markets. However, I think developed markets do offer some aspects of quality that we would find attractive if we can find the right opportunities, things like strong tower siding, regulatory regimes, certainly strength of the wireless carriers in the market and a relative balance to their market share, stability of the currency, stability of the tax regime, things like that would be things that we would find valuable. Because at the end of the day, sort of the value proposition of a tower company when most people look at it is this expectation that you have a long-term, very stable cash flow stream that is going to grow both steadily over time. And sometimes if you're in places that don't have some of those attributes I just mentioned, you can introduce a certain amount of volatility that we would be looking to obviously try to move out of the mix and focus more on that kind of stable growing cash flow stream. So I think we're open to shift in the type of market, but I think the markets that we're in have opportunities to improve our positioning and that's what we're looking at.
Brendan Cavanagh: It's something that I would expect us to be working on throughout this year, but there are also factors that are outside of our control, things that we would like to do. That may take some time to figure out whether the opportunity is actually exist. So I think it will be an ongoing effort. But the real point -- and this isn't some wholesale change just to kind of reiterate that. It's not like we were doing something totally one way before, we completely shifted. This is more of a refinement of the approach that SBA has historically taken. We've always -- I think you know us to have always focused on quality, financial returns. All those things are still the same. What this really is, is kind of digging in a little bit deeper on some of our current holdings and looking at where we're underperforming, what are the root causes of that and what can we do to address that? And if we can't -- if we don't feel we can address it, then we would look at it like Argentina and say, "Hey, this we don't think we necessarily can fix so we'll adjust". So again, it's really just a refinement of what has been our long-standing policy.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. The services revenue, we actually, in our outlook, expect it to slightly increase, but to be relatively balanced throughout the year. On the colos versus amendments, if you're -- I don't know if you're asking about the actuals of the fourth quarter, where it was more -- we've seen more of a shift towards new leases, but I would expect as we get into this year, you'll see amendment activity again be the lion's share of what we do.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. It was -- it represented about $1 million of EBITDA and a little over $2 million, about $2.3 million of revenue on an annual basis.
Brendan Cavanagh: So on holistic MLAs, I think that is a -- when we talk about a goal of trying to ensure that we have stabilized our cash flow streams and results, one of the ways you do that is through enhancing and improving customer relationships. And that can be done in part through master agreements. We obviously signed one with AT&T last year. We've signed others in the past with each of our customers along the way. So I would expect we will continue to make use of that, assuming that it's the best structure for what our customers need to get done and SBA is able to achieve a certain amount of certainty and length of commitment as part of those agreements. But each of those will be determined on an individual basis based on the needs of the customer and what we need. Again, the buybacks versus M&A, yeah, I mean, we are -- we're not necessarily sitting here saying we've got all this cash we're ready to spend on buybacks. We are -- in fact, we still have balances out on our revolver. So I don't feel like we've necessarily been in that position. We have historically been very opportunistic around share buybacks. I would expect that to continue to be the case now. But individual acquisition opportunities, particularly of size, may influence our timing on when we would buy back our stock if we otherwise saw it as an attractive investment. So that's where we are, and we'll see as time goes by. But just because you don't see us buy back our stock doesn't necessarily mean that we don't see it as a good value. It means there may be other factors we're considering.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. I can't tell you exactly with precision sitting here, but I'm sure we can follow up with you. It is largely based on what's already been signed up to date. I'm sure it's somewhere in the three quarters range of the number, but maybe even more. So we'll follow up with you, Brendan, separately on that.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. So I mentioned it briefly in my prepared comments, but there are a number of markets that we're in where we have consolidations taking place, in particular, in Brazil where you had the Oi wireless consolidation with the other big three carriers there as we kind of work through that. Last year, that was a big factor. It represented roughly 40%. It was just from 10% by itself, associated with that consolidation, there's one item. That is probably going to be a continued driver of some level of international churn over the next few years. But we're working through negotiations with each of our customers. And as we do that, we're kind of pricing this long-term relationship, long-term commitment where we've got stability that we can reintroduce into the relationship, but allow them to get through the efficiencies that they need to achieve as a result of the combination of customers that's taking place in the market. So it's a mix, but Brazil will probably be the biggest just because it's the biggest market we have with the most revenue.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, I probably can't answer that in this forum, Walt. But we do have ongoing conversations with them about all different things that they do that we do that might fit together. So -- go ahead.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, it's probably coincidental to some degree. I don't think you'd see us go above 8x at any point in our history. But now that we've got this -- we've got a pretty big cushion given where our leverage has come down to. So I don't really foresee that ever being a number that we approach.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, what -- I mean, really what gives me confidence, but we'll see how it plays out, its history. I mean, every time we've seen the cycle of activity, it's ultimately gotten to the suburban markets, the rural markets. Those dense urban centers really were never tower markets to begin with. So it's not really been a factor for us. Anything that's getting resolved with root tops, that's a very limited tower market. So I'm not sure it matters that much to us.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. With regards to AT&T FirstNet, for the most part, I would expect, based on my understanding of everything that is expected to happen there, that it would have limited upside for us from an amendment or upgrade standpoint, the opportunity set would be more based on a need to densify where they needed to actually have new lease agreements at existing sites or possibly even new tower builds. So it's really a new site leasing opportunity to the extent that there is an impact, but I do not think there's much of an amendment impact potential for us. With regards to the M&A question, we would -- generally speaking, I would say we would prefer independent tower company towers as opposed to carrier owned towers, usually, we find that they've been developed with the mindset of co-location already in there, and they are operated and maintained in a way typically that is better than what you find with the traditional carrier sale leaseback. But having said that, we've done both kinds of deals, and I think our what we bring to the table is our expertise that allows us to kind of improve those operations. Sometimes there's greater opportunity for improvement when you buy things that haven't been run quite as well. So I guess it just depends on the individual opportunity.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, great. Thank you, everybody, for taking the time, and we look forward to reporting to you next quarter.
