Brendan Cavanagh: It spread out over the term of the lease agreement that is signed up in connection with. So, typically those leases are five years if it’s an amendment, it might be over a slightly lesser period of time.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, we continue to renew 00% or better of our leases as they come due. So we continue to, we really haven’t seen any change in that at all Jonathan. On the view about the comprehensive agreement we’ve said this now several times, that really the only reason that we have entered into this agreement is because it was the only way to kind of deal with so many different moving parts and in fact some of which were desperate concepts but all came together to be viewed as one kind of relationship with our customer. So it should not be viewed as signaling any change in our long-term view, but really the only practical way to deal with this many different issues with this one particular customer. And in terms of our remaining Nextel exposure, it drops every quarter. I think it’s 6 to 7-ish percent now and not all of that will be lost over time.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, most of them, the substantial majority of the 704 are in Central America. The rest would be in the United States and the cash expenditure we’ve kind of spread between Q4 and Q1 of 2012.David Barden – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Q4 of ’11 and Q1 of ‘12.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, we don’t have a specific divestiture model that has been run through there. We think by the time, the deal would be completed you would be the middle of the year and you’d have in fact very little if any impact on 2012 results we would think it wouldn’t have any real impact at all until 2013 even if then, depending on what task they choose to take. But so the bottom line answer to your question is we don’t expect much impact for our 2012 results.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, it might be slightly additive, but it’ll also be replacing other things that have still not fully turned off like AT&T Cingular or Santanio Centennial, or the tail end of Altel, Verizon selling all kinds of – just as other things are rolling out.
Brendan Cavanagh: It is a steady number that we’ve kind of worked around in terms of a negotiation with Sprint, but we are not going to get into the exact details of that.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, we have the escalators are between 3% and 3.5% on a gross basis that’s not net of churn. Churn is a separate item but it is netted into the 9% growth calculation.
Jeff Stoops: The remaining current term.Jonathan Atkin – RBC Capital Markets: Right, understand. Thank you very much.
Jeff Stoops: Actually, that’s all just stated for us now, because all along our contemplated arrangement with Sprint would not only be the leasing side of the work, but also the services. So, until we kind of reach the overall agreement there wasn’t a lot, but now we expect things to open up there materially. And because of that reason there is really no incremental cash benefit assumed in our fourth quarter outlook from Sprint. It all starts in 2012.
Jeff Stoops: About 1.5% and we’ve had two years now of a portion of that coming from Verizon, Altel. We actually are pretty confident we are well through the lion share of that. There will be some of that in ‘012 but that’s in our numbers.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, they do. They do. And it’s not all and it’s kind of case-by-case, but there will be some pass-throughs of ground rents in some cases.
Jeff Stoops: Well, that would certainly be the goal and I think we are going to study American’s definition which I think was first rolled out kind of now and like to see what Crown does and we’ll do the same thing. But I hope when I say the same thing it’s truly is the same thing.
Jeff Stoops: No I think, I think you can analyze the cash out the door pretty well by looking at our Q4 CapEx guidance.David Barden – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, perfect and then just a second and apologize to broach the subject, but we are coming up potentially in a month Clearwire has an interest payment coming up and there has been a lot of debate in the industry about what the significance of that interest payment is and kind of what Clearwire has been working on as its potential options for dealing with that. Just as a representative tower company I know that there has been a very robust history between the tower companies and companies that have struggled in the wireless business, but are you making any particular preparations of doing anything special with respect to that company? Thanks.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah in every case where a company has chosen to reorganize through a chapter 11 process they have renewed senses without exception, every one of their leases with us, because that is the business they are reorganizing around. In those cases where the business was liquidated which goes back to the 2001 and 2002 period, Chapter 7 you would lose those leases. But in every case, where the business was reorganized around a debt restructure all the leases were renewed.David Barden – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Perfect, all right. Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Stoops: It is all cash. It is multiple transactions. We will be entering Guatemala as a result of these transactions in addition to adding towers in the rest of our already existing markets of Panama, Costa Rica and El Salvador. And we’ll have to stay tuned on the stock repurchase side Clay as we’ve try to point out we have ample liquidity and if we decide to stay capitalized on a debt-to-EBITDA basis the way we have today, we have a lot of additional investment capabilities that could go towards stock repurchases or portfolio growth are in our likelihood both.
Jeff Stoops: On the margins, Jason, it’s not just spread these you have to peel out the whole $30 million to appropriately calculate the margin and I would add two comments to your view we have a larger contribution expected in 2012 from services which is a lower margin business. And we also have a bunch of relatively new built type towers that we are adding to the portfolio. I’m not sure whether you are focused on the tower cash flow margin or the adjusted EBITDA margin. The adjusted EBITDA margin, I think somewhat grow and it’s our cash flow margin should grow some perhaps not as much as the adjusted EBITDA margin. On the land deals, we look at those things and I guess for a price we would find land under other folks’ tower attractive. We have simply just not made that decision to go that route when we would, because we would land under other folks’ towers we have to kind of view really along the same lines as additional portfolio growth or stock repurchases and we’ve simply seen in our particular case better opportunities with the latter.
Jeff Stoops: Well, Metro is a little unique or at least different than, say AT&T or Verizon as they are moving forward. In AT&T and Verizon’s case, it is new spectrum is being deployed as on overlay. So it’s entirely amendment driven until they get this done. Metro is of course deploying LTE in the same spectrum. So it maximize that spectrum it works through cell split. So that’s all very logical, Simon and does it necessarily reflect industry-wide trends as much as I do believe it reflects Metro’s specific issues but having said all that, we have seen some business from metro and we expect to see some more in 2012.
Jeff Stoops: Well, it’s happening a little bit now. But I think you have to – if history is a guide and I think it will be here. You will need to see them get through substantially all of their technology upgrades, so that they can accurately and correctly say that they are offering these services nation-wide and then you begin the cell-split.
Jeff Stoops: No, that’s the time period in which we have assumed for purposes of calculating the straight line impact.
Jeff Stoops: On the price disconnect, I do think the prices will begin to converge and I do expect to see that more in 2012. They haven’t done that quite as much in ‘011 which is one of the reasons why we’ve allocated more capital on a proportionate basis than historically to stock repurchases. And on the land, we have done an analysis, we have literally above a half a percent of land under our towers that is out in the hands of third parties to the best of our knowledge and that is amongst a bunch of desperate owners. So we feel like we are in excellent shape in that regard and as you can tell from our results, we keep working the land side of our business every quarter.
Jeff Stoops: On the renewal we are not anticipating any material change in the level of the rate in 2012 versus ’11 versus ’10, versus ’09 for that matter. It’s always been around 99% renewal rates and we think as well that we were seeing. In terms of the AT&T Verizon activity, what happens historically is when a carrier moves through with a new technology upgrade they will launch that and roll that out a nation-wide basis and then depending on activity levels, they will cell-split and in-fill with new tenancies. The difference is, you’ll get similar revenue contributions of a third to a half of new tenancies as you amendments. So it’s a volume difference in terms of number of sites touched, but over time, it’s actually worked out that the contributions have been fairly steady during periods of both new technology rollout as well as in-fill and cell-splitting periods.
Jeff Stoops: We are happy with where it is and there really is not a conversation about taking it up, because we think where we are right now is the right place to be.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, so the incremental is what’s netted of the churn, not the escalator.Michael Rollins – Citi Investment Research: Great, thanks very much.
Jeff Stoops: Well, first and foremost, we will be watching the 2013 May maturity date. That focal point is in part the reason for like answer to Phil that we are not really looking to take leverage up as we head into that refinancing obligation and we will watch what we spend and what our refinancing is going into that brand. But that obviously will be a primary determinant of exactly where leverage is as we head into 2012.
Jeff Stoops: We continue to I think have an business that’s ideally suited for secured financing. We are with a very steady business and therefore it is very suited to the covenants style lending that you see there and an exchange for that you get great rates and it’s on a relative basis great rates and so we like that, you should assume we will continue to do as much in that market as we can and that’s a combination of the securitization market and the traditional term loan A and term loan B market. And then over and above that, we’ll be looking at the various options for unsecured financing.
Jeff Stoops: Great. So we will end the call now. I want to thank everybody for joining us and the next time we talk, it will actually be 2012 and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter results. Thank you.
