Brendan Cavanagh: Thank you, Mark. Good evening. SBA had a very strong end to the year with fourth quarter results near the high end of our outlook for all key financial metrics. Total GAAP site leasing revenues for the fourth quarter were $493 million, and cash site leasing revenues were $492.8 million. Foreign exchange rates were a $3.5 million tailwind to revenues when compared with our previously forecasted FX rate estimates for the fourth quarter. They were, again, however, a significant headwind on comparisons to the fourth quarter of 2019, negatively impacting revenues by $17.7 million on a year-over-year basis. Same tower recurring cash leasing revenue growth for the fourth quarter, which is calculated on a constant currency basis, was 4% over the fourth quarter of 2019, including the impact of 2% of churn. On a gross basis, same tower growth was 6%. Domestic same tower recurring cash leasing revenue growth over the fourth quarter of last year was 5.7% on a gross basis and 3.4% on a net basis, including 2.3% of churn. Domestic operational leasing activity or bookings, representing new revenue placed under contract during the fourth quarter, was at the highest levels of the year. We saw continued increased activity levels with T-Mobile during the quarter, and our domestic application backlog continues to grow. During the fourth quarter, amendment activity represented 88% of our domestic bookings, with 12% coming from new leases. The big three carriers represented 94% of total incremental domestic leasing revenue signed up during the quarter.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Rick, so if you look at our bridge for 2020 and 2021, we've got about $40 million of non-organic revenue coming in. I would say, the majority of that, $35-ish million of that, is coming from PG&E.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. It's within a couple of million dollars, because there's no -- the key thing is obviously the ground rent. They own the majority of land or have rights to it, so there's really no ground rent expense at all. So the margins are extremely high on this. So the vast majority of the revenue drops through to the bottom line.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Rick. So we've already -- I think we announced on our previous call that we've already received some non-renewal notifications from T-Mobile. And just to give you some numbers, for next year, 2021 being next year, that represents about $4 million to $5 million of the impact to our revenue loss. In addition to that, in our outlook, we expect, based on when leases come up and communications we've had already, that will probably be somewhere - an additional $3 million or so from them. As we look out over the future years, right at this point, we're basically measuring it based on where we have overlapping sites and what the timing is when those leases come up. That puts the majority of the terminations in terms of their financial impact for us in 2025 and 2026. We will see probably about 30% of the total exposure over the next three years.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. We have, just to be clear, Nick, I mean, we have plenty of capacity to continue to do typical levels of M&A and buybacks and still be within our target leverage range at the end of the year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. Yes. Well, I'll take the last one first. On the PG&E piece, it does step up a little bit during the year, but it's relatively small, David. I would expect it to not be significant steps up. There are escalators that are built in, and we would expect a modest amount of new lease-up. Obviously, we just brought these sites into our portfolio. So there will be some step up, but it will be generally run rated at the same pace. Of course, the first quarter will obviously be materially lower than the other quarters as we only have it in our portfolio for half the quarter. But on a run rate basis, it will be very small step up throughout the year. On the international churn side, the $10 million is definitely not the new normal. There are some specific things that are driving that number up. I do expect it, though, to be elevated probably next year as well. It's hard for us to say exactly what the number will be because we are in the midst of discussions with the carriers, where there's been some consolidation as well as the other customer where we've had some work with them to try and help them through some issues that they have. So I do expect that there will be additional impact next year, but the exact amount remains to be seen. But eventually, we'll get through those issues, and I would not expect to be at that level long-term.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Amir, so our outlook for '21 does assume a pace of activity that is increasing throughout the year, so it's definitely a little bit slower is our assumption here at the beginning of the year, and it picks up in the latter half of the year. That's consistent with our comments we've been making around C-Band and the DISH MLA, all those things will certainly drive more leasing activity in the latter half of the year. But even then, the impact of that to our financial statements will be limited because of the timing of signing up new agreements to when they actually start to recognize revenue. So I don't -- it will step up, I believe, throughout the year, but I think you'll start to see the benefits of that increase next year or late this year.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the tenant mix for PG&E, the vast majority, almost all of the revenue comes from the big 3 wireless carriers. There is some Sprint overlap, which we obviously included any exposure to that in our underwriting assumptions. It's not particularly material, where we have both T-Mobile and Sprint on the same site, and the average remaining term for those tenants is about 7 years. So there's quite an extensive time -- runway left on that.
Brendan Cavanagh: On those sites, for this year, we're not really expecting to see any Sprint T-Mobile churn this year. So our numbers that we gave you on our outlook don't include anything for PG&E.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So the $4 million to $5 million that we've already been noticed on, almost all of that is on overlapping sites. The remaining $2 million to $3 million is predominantly overlap sites as well.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, it depends on what happens with those leases. There is a potential under our deal with them that they would transition those sites to their new architecture, in which case, it would just simply be an amendment, depending on what the change was there based on the original lease. If they're actually going to cancel a lease altogether and not use that site, then it would show up as churn.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Spencer, I mean, it certainly will be lower in the first part of the year, the first couple of quarters. We definitely expect to exit the year at a higher rate, not really prepared to say exactly what that is, but at a rate that is starting to ramp back towards where we've been in the past. Obviously, we're kind of at a low, you can tell by looking at our charts, the trajectory of where it's gone to. And we've talked a lot, I think about having a slower year than anticipated last year. That certainly affects what we report, for instance, in the first quarter and second quarter of 2021. But based on our expectations for the increasing activity in the latter part of the year, I would expect that we will exit the year in the fourth quarter at a rate that is higher than the average that's implied by our guidance, and it will build into next year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean, Brandon, it's hard for me to put an exact number on it. But our backlogs today are much higher than they were a year ago at this time. I can't give you a specific percentage on that. And obviously, the makeup of the backlog has a lot to do with how that plays out in terms of its financial impact, but they're definitely up. There's a lot more applications received.
Jeff Stoops: Thanks, Mark, and good evening, everyone. We had a strong finish to 2020 with solid financial and operating results. The fourth quarter was our best quarter of the year in terms of organic leasing activity and services results, and we added a number of high-quality assets to our portfolio. We produced $2.49 of AFFO per share, or $0.01 short of an annualized rate of $10 per share. Our AFFO per share for the quarter represented material growth over the prior year period and demonstrates the value creation capability of this business. We also continued to invest in our company through material share repurchases, buying back 1.7 million shares in the fourth quarter and we did not slow down as we moved into 2021. Since year-end, we have signed up and closed on our large and exciting transaction with PG&E, repurchased an additional 0.5 million shares of our stock and signed up a master lease agreement with DISH. All of these activities will have long-lasting positive implications for SBA. We've demonstrated our ability over the years to find specific targeted opportunities where we can add assets at accretive prices and bring our expertise to bear in extracting and maximizing value. We're particularly pleased with the PG&E transaction. We've added a large number of high-quality, exclusive locations in Northern California to our portfolio at what we believe is an attractive price. We believe our experience and operational expertise will allow us to maximize the potential for wireless use of these assets for the benefit of both our wireless carrier customers and PG&E. With regard to our domestic leasing business, our customers are all turning their attention toward their 5G network investment plans. The significant investment in the current C-Band auction is evidence of the critical role that mid-band spectrum will play in the deployment of next-generation networks. And as a result, the importance of macro tower sites in the next wave of network investment. We believe it has been well settled that the primary use of C-Band spectrum will be on macro sites outside of urban markets.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I do think we can get -- I don't know if we can get to double digits, but I do think we can get to upper single digits. I think what's happening this year is, if you think about it, you got a couple major carriers who are rumored to be heavy into the C-Band auctions, which means that there's going to be a lot to do. And if there's going to be a lot to do, you know there's going to be a lot to do, and you might push off what you can do today until tomorrow. And then you have one carrier in the name of DISH, who's already told you very clearly when they're going to start doing things, it kind of makes -- I think it's pretty clear as to the pace of things and the timing of things in 2021, but then it sets up for a very, very attractive 2022, particularly over 2021 comparable.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And obviously, we'll be well suited to talk to DISH about any of those sites that T-Mobile decides they no longer want.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. We really have not included any C-Band revenue in our 2021 guidance -- leasing guidance and the same with DISH. Now there certainly are arguments and optimism that, that could change, and things could happen where we do realize that, but it's not in there today, Jon.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we've received quite a bit of information already, which we've been able to share with you on our outlook. But we're not -- we don't know that we've received at all.
Jeff Stoops: But we've had -- I mean, based on the timing of notices and things, I would tell you that I think we have the lion's share of the information already at this point.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. We continue to have a number of opportunities that we're pursuing to actually move forward and tie. What we're focusing on, Jon, is the areas around the data centers to work on the direct ties between true mobile edge at the tower site type facilities, which have direct connections back, and we've got a number of different things that we're working on there. And we would just ask you to stay tuned there because we think there continues to be a lot of exciting opportunities and things that we can do there. But I think it's…
Jeff Stoops: It is a number of leases. It is not -- it is -- if you could look at it as one because there are certain dollar parameters that we've agreed to per lease, but it is a minimum site.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we do have some time breaks in there. So there are -- it's a little more defined than that. But -- so over the life of the contract, before all the commitments are ultimately due, but there -- it's not only until the end are they due. There are some due for a long time.
Jeff Stoops: Well, it means we don't have to rush, but we would like to be at the high end of the target or below by year-end. But that statement gives us quite a bit of flexibility.
Jeff Stoops: I think the key answer to your question is, are you going to rush to do it in 1 quarter? Or are you going to wait until the end of the year to preserve maximum flexibility? And the answer is the latter.
Jeff Stoops: Based on the firm commitment that we have, the answer is yes. So I guess the answer to your second question is yes.
Jeff Stoops: No. I think T-Mobile is doing just as we thought. They're very busy, very active, very deliberate, very, very -- they're a force. There's -- it's all very busy, and we see a strong year ahead for them.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. In terms of whether this opens up a new source of relationships between tower companies and utilities, David, I mean, I think it remains to be seen. It's not the first. There have been a couple of other transactions between tower companies and utilities. They were not involving any of the publics, however, so this might be the third. And this one was fairly unique in particularly as to its geographic location, but we'll see. We've actually had more than a couple of inquiries. Utilities have very different primary considerations that they have to think about and it has to fit bearings, but we found certainly, in the case of PG&E that it did, and I'm sure that those characteristics could be met again. And because it's never the primary, and frankly, can't be the primary focus of a utility company to make tower leasing top of mind or the number 1 thing they think about, there's always going to be an element of improvement that can be an arbitrage there for the benefit of everyone. So we'll see. We'll see.
Jeff Stoops: On the Sprint T-Mobile piece, it was $4 million to $5 million is the number based on what we've already specifically received notices on. The incremental $3 million is an estimate that we've included in our outlook in churn assumptions that we put forth in our bridge, for instance, that's not yet been specifically noted to us, but we are estimating based on what we see in terms of the timing when those leases come due. The 299 lease -- or sorry, sites that are under contract from an M&A standpoint, the vast majority of those are located internationally, but they're spread out. There are some in, I think, the biggest country is South Africa, but there's some throughout Latin America as well. And your first question is on the growth rates. Yes. I think the question was about net. And we're thinking -- we believe that there is an opportunity to see that go back up to mid-levels, above 5, I guess, you could consider more than mid, but we think there's opportunity with all the growth that's out there. The biggest challenge, frankly, on that, Colby, is really about the churn, the Sprint T-Mobile churn. I mean, if you figure that in, that's certainly going to weigh on it. But if you put that aside, there certainly is an opportunity from the growth set that's in front of us.
Jeff Stoops: There's a small number of sites. So the total purchase price is about $973 million. We've closed on $954 million of that, so the vast majority of it. There's some number of sites that have certain specific issues that have to be addressed, but we expect them to be cleaned up in the next 6 months, and those sites will just close later.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I think amendments will always play a big role, Brett, because they're the most efficient and I think economically beneficial for our customers. And then I think existing structures will get colocation because the existing regulatory regime tapers that. But yes, there'll be some more towers still. There's no question, not only because of the spectrum propagation, but because, I think on a perhaps totally unrelated reason, there's going to be a fair amount of emphasis on closing the digital divide and just bringing broadband to everyone, which is clearly going to require that some more towers get built.
Jeff Stoops: I think it has to depend on the facts and circumstances. I believe that wherever you can get a true tower, a macro site that always gives our customers the most bang for their buck, but I do believe you will see this spectrum used in conjunction with small cells as well in areas where you just don't get towers. It doesn't mean those areas aren't going to be served, they're going to be served by alternate architecture.
Jeff Stoops: And in terms specifically of DISH, while we could see some leasing revenue, there's none really contemplated in the guidance and very little contemplated in the services revenue guidance. Although, again, depending on timing, it could be better.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. Brazil has had a couple of issues that have been impacting it, the overhang of the Oi transaction, which is working itself through, which we think, long-term, will be favorable. For us, it looks like TIM will get most of those -- well, not most, but the predominant amount of those assets with Claro next, and then Telefonica the third or the last lease amount, which bodes well for us from an overlap perspective. And then obviously, they've had their issues with COVID. So as those things settle out, Brazil is actually expected to have quite a material jump in their GDP moving from 2020 to 2021. So as those things kind of play themselves out, yes, we do expect Brazil to get back to its best growing self.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. We've got pages and pages and legal fees and legal fees that we’re addressing at that point. The structure of the deal, the regulatory posture of where we sit versus where PG&E sits well into this deal, I could spend quite a bit of time with you on that, but I could also just say we're covered.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. There are not many tenants per tower on the 28,000 today. I don't think they've ever frankly been marketed. The -- on the existing ones, I think I mentioned in my prepared comments that we have approximately 900 tenants, a little more than 900 tenants across those roughly 700 sites. So it's been a totally kind of carriers have had to seek out the appropriate PG&E folks to -- which is the way it works with a type of relationship, which is why we think we could bring additional value. And to be honest with you, I can't hazard a guess on the 28,000, but I can promise you it'll be something.
Jeff Stoops: Well, if you -- if we saw those type of dynamics as you described, that would bear in favor of stock repurchases if we saw more opportunities like PG&E, it would.
Jeff Stoops: Canada has 3.5 gigahertz tentatively scheduled for June. South Africa has an entire suite of 5G spectrum tentatively scheduled for next quarter. Peru has a big one for later this first-half, Chile, Colombia and Brazil. In terms of the money being spent, Simon, I see that and I read that -- I have to assume that our customers know exactly what they're doing, I'm sure that they do. And for that spectrum to have value to them, it has to be deployed. I don't know exactly what the cost will change for them. But ultimately, it's going to have to get put out there. And that's kind of all we can work with. And whether it's 1 quarter, 2 quarters or 3 quarters difference, in the overall scheme of the value creation for us, it really doesn't matter.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I'll take the last one first, Mike. The answer is no because of the -- notwithstanding how close we came and how proud we are understanding and projecting the operating components of our business, we -- at least through the AFFO per share line, we found that the movements in interest rates and FX were beyond our prognostication capabilities. So we have declined to do that just as of yet. In terms of the amount of potential CapEx that we could spend, I mean, I don't -- I could tell you we can all get to it fairly easily by looking at the EBITDA contribution that is in our outlook. And then if you bought some things versus bought some stock back, and you ended up with 7.5 times net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA, that would produce an amount of capital that would fill in your answer. And I don't know if that's how it's going to end up or not. It will depend on whether we choose stock repurchases or acquisitions or whether, in fact, we actually choose to end the year at 7.5 times. We may choose not to do that. And whether we do choose to do that or not, we could continue to depend on whether we see a very -- continue to see a very benign interest rate environment and whether we continue to feel as optimistic as we do today about carrier activity ramping as we move to the end of the year and into 2022.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I mean, over time, that would come down. In the moment, it would be because we found things that based on everything I just talked about, we thought it would be very value creative, we took advantage of it this year rather than letting it go by.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we've been there actually before. If you go back a couple of years ago, we were below 1%. But our historical range is typically between 1% and 2% right now. We're towards the higher end of that. And I would expect that there'll be times in the future where we're higher and times where we're lower, but it tends to fluctuate based on what's happening with specific carriers at specific times.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. So Tim, on the DISH question, I mean, you say anything different on terms, well, it's actually a very different network. It's kind of the card from the whole full cloth and a clean sheet of paper. So no amendments, it will be brand-new installations of brand-new cell sites, different kind of equipment. So it's very hard to compare. It's just different. So I'm not quite sure what you're looking for in terms of comparing what the DISH terms and particularly rates are compared to, say, an AT&T, a Verizon or a T-Mobile, it's just different. In terms of CBRS, actually, we are. And it's where it's showing up more and more frequently is as a solution to governmental, municipal and school district providers as an elegant and cost-effective solution to bridge some of these digital divide issues that we've all been reading about. And these are some things that we've been participating in and actually are quite a bit excited about. Again, not material this year in terms of financial contribution, but technically and certainly from a community perspective, very exciting.
Jeff Stoops: There are probably a lot of mutually beneficial outcomes that could happen there, Brandon. I don't think I want to negotiate with you over the earnings call.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. It's unlikely, Sami, because our estimates contemplate pretty much -- the only thing that they can do, there may be small differences, but if it's going to be different, it probably would be slightly lower.
Jeff Stoops: No. We actually look everywhere, but we only act where we think it's clear that we can create substantial value relative to the cost and the risk of the investment and we will continue to look broadly and widely and probably act narrowly.
Jeff Stoops: I would say it's a little bit less pricy, David, but it's still pricing. We have to be very disciplined and very careful and understand what you're buying. And you have to start with the premise that it's only in the United States that you have the tax shield provided by the REIT architecture, which everywhere else, you're a taxpayer.
Walter Piecyk: Hi, Jeff. On past calls, you and I have had these kind of dialogues about like timing of orders versus revenue and like how long it takes to execute. So just curious in terms of C-Band. Shouldn't you, by the end of the second quarter, have orders? If we -- if you should be able to get any type of revenue in calendar 2021, I mean, if not even by the end of this quarter. Can you just refresh our memory on the timing of that? Because the reason I ask, obviously, because Verizon is out there telling people, I think historically that, "Oh, yes, we can get C-Band built really quickly." And I think we have to back up to those days and actually see orders that's like 9 months, maybe more from when they would be activated and generating revenue for you? And prefer not to talk about a customer, just you can submit AT&T or T-Mobile or whatever. You know what the question is.
Walter Piecyk: Okay. So if we're to believe the ability to light up a C-Band market, then we should be hearing from tower companies, whether you or someone else C-Band orders by June 30, is that fair? Okay.
Walter Piecyk: Got it. So that doesn't give us any sense on timing. It's just like he told you, we'll put up X thousand sites at some point over the next Y years.
Walter Piecyk: And then just last question. Have you seen -- another one of my favorite topics, have you seen any initial deployments of massive MIMO antennas? I think there was some issue in terms of ramping up production with certain spectrum bands. Maybe that has to wait for C-Band, I don't know.
Walter Piecyk: Got it. So -- I'm sorry, I guess I should be more specific. I think there might have been issues in terms of the MIMO antennas having ported for C-Band, but I guess it's -- why would that be occurring until the auction is over. So I will reserve that question for a future quarter. Thanks, Jeff.
