Ric Prentiss: Thanks, Jess. First, Jeff, congrats. Grandbabies are fine. I know you’re going to have fun with them as I am and Brendan, looking forward to working with you in your new role.
Ric Prentiss: You bet. Two questions, if I could. First, as you think about carrier spending for wireless, obviously, they need to make sure there is revenue and demand out there, what do you all think are the most exciting 5G applications that are coming? And when do customers actually start to get what 5G means? So that’s the first question.
Ric Prentiss: And then more boring question for the second one. How should we think about the site leasing revenue growth pacing into the years in kind of the front-end loaded versus rear-end loaded. And it looked like that have a couple of major revenue items for other, $12 million in the U.S. and $8 million for international. So maybe unpack that a little bit about what those are.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, I think that is the seminal question, Rick. And I think, to be honest with you, I can’t name a 5G application that exists today that is kind of in the got to have category. And I think that’s what the whole ecosystem of wireless is waiting on. And when that happens, and I believe it’s a question of when, not if, you’re going to see a heightened sense of needing to invest and make sure that the competition doesn’t get too far ahead. But until that comes along, I think it’s sensible for our customers, particularly ones that have some promises to the Street on free cash flow and things like that, I think, to moderate. And based on all the commentary and what we heard from Ericsson yesterday, I mean that’s what’s going on.
Jeff Stoops: We still see several or more than one, let’s say, picking up. And really, it’s just the delta between what decelerates versus what accelerates. But they are not all moving, I think. As you know, they are not all equal in terms of their build-outs and what they have accomplished. So the ones that are furthest ahead are likely to have more on the deceleration side, and the ones that still have a long way to go will be accelerating.
Jeff Stoops: In the aggregate, yes, with respect to certain individual U.S. carriers, I mean we know that there will be some acceleration in 2023. But again, the guide is to the aggregate, not just an individual carrier.
Jeff Stoops: Well, with the revolver, you have a guaranteed return 6%, right, to pay that back. And the corollary to that is a 16x, at least on today’s AFFO accretion, a 16x acquisition or stock repurchase. We’re always going to be stock repurchases, Phil, and it’s really a question of picking the right time against the right cost of debt capital and that may – there may be very well opportunities to do that this year and we will do that. In terms of acquisitions, I do think the market is starting to narrow the gap a little bit, but there is still a gap. And if we see opportunities like we did Tanzania or GTS, we will take a hard look. But we’re very financially-driven. And something we will have to look better, short, long, medium term than repaying our revolver. I mean we do think that interest rates will come down over time. We are going to be betting on the side of the Fed that they reduce inflation to 2% over time, and we know what effect that will have on interest rates. And when that plays itself out, we will have put ourselves in a great position to access incremental debt at prices that will be much more accretive to what we’re doing, and we’re happy to do that and wait for that time.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. You’re – what you said about how we’re thinking about leverage is absolutely correct, Simon. This is a period of time that we’re tactically steering – and we may not. We may see an acquisition tomorrow that looks much better than paying down the revolver at 6%. And if we do, that’s what we will do. But if we don’t, the natural result of the cash flows that we generate will be deleveraging, but it will only be temporary until such time as we believe incremental debt at the prices then available will create additional value, and that’s what we will do.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And actually, if you’re speaking today, Simon, we actually think that we’re a little bit less than that on the aggregate for all three. So there is a lot of work left to be done. But it ties into the question Ric asked me first that is the – what is going to cause the carriers to really spend everything this year to get there, and I think we have to see the killer 3G app that is going to provide the impetus to do that. I said 3G app, 5G app.
Jeff Stoops: No, no. And if you look at what we’ve done over the last 10 years on that metric of portfolio growth, I think we’re north of 10%. So it’s not every year necessarily. This may not be the year that we do that, but we did 15% last year. So I think overall, our views around portfolio growth and leverage have not changed.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I mean rates versus multiples. If you look at any kind of traditional economic analysis, there should be a relationship between one and the other. We didn’t see a lot of that over the last couple of years. As rates have gone up, multiples really did not drop the way they should have had, at least using our math. That’s starting to change a little bit, and we will have to see. We will have to see whether the amount of private capital on the sidelines will long-term push returns down in the acquisition market across the board. We’re not prepared to invest with those returns. We’ve got higher goals, and we pick and choose. And so far, I think we’ve been pretty pleased with the capital we’ve invested versus the return that we’re seeking, but I think it remains to be seen.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I think the way we think about leasing, Michael, is there is a lot of work left to be done on our assets domestically and internationally to deploy 5G, multiple years’ worth of work. But ultimately, whether – how far that goes and at what pace will depend on how much and how fast carriers want to spend money. So we – it’s going to – we’re confident it’s going to occur. It’s just a question of when and at what pace. But the physical work that is yet to be done is tremendous. There is just a lot left to be done. Now I guess you could take the – because if you were a naysayer, you could take the position that, well, they are just never going to deploy all that spectrum that they spend all that money on, but that seems to be a bit forward. So, those are the guardrails that we are looking at. And right now, and this could certainly change based on pickups in activity, that we are going to have a very strong 2023, where the first half is weighted more heavily than the back half. And in terms of build-to-suits, we are pushing that business line, both in the U.S. and internationally. We continued to be financially-driven in the investments that we make in that area. So, not every build-to-suit is necessarily, at least in our view, an appropriate return on capital. But we are going to seek out and try and take all the ones that we think do fit those goals.
Jeff Stoops: We are looking for 9%, 10%, 11% cash-on-cash returns, and that’s not every opportunity that’s out there.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. But I would echo you ought not assume that that’s going to be the same pace of increase over a multiyear period, Brett. Thanks.
Jeff Stoops: I mean they are clearly part of the cycle of wireless deployments over the last 20 years, Nick. We actually – we are looking at charts – internal charts today about the pace of activities on a quarterly basis, and this period of time really was some – one of the longest that we have seen going back to before the 3G to 4G upgrades. So, it’s not unusual. And deep down, there is two things that our customers really care about. Are they losing ground because there is some kind of great competitive pressure coming from somewhere, and what’s their free cash flow, and what did they promise the investment community. And what I think is going on now is simply a balance of that. But I would steer people to the comments we made earlier about this being a temporal thing because the physical amount of work yet to be done to bring 5G, at least to our assets, there is still a lot left.
Jeff Stoops: And in terms of the political landscape, Lula obviously took the presidency, but the Bolsonaro group took the rest of Congress. So, you have what you have similar to the United States, which is a split Congress. And when that typically happens, it’s the same that occurs here, which is it’s very hard to get anything done there materially. And that ultimately, I think endures to the benefit of existing businesses. So, we don’t – in the current landscape, where you have that kind of a split representation, we don’t anticipate anything material coming out.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. In terms of M&A, I mean we continued to take an opportunistic approach to new markets. We will go into a new market based on our demographic and operational analysis as well as country stability, risk, taxation, currency. So, with certainly some exceptions that we would never look to go into under current circumstances, any country that we are not in today is a potential opportunity. And Tanzania is doing very well. Tanzania is ahead of our internal projections and the modeling that we did at the time of the acquisition. It is a dynamic country that is growing, and we are very optimistic about the future in Tanzania.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And in terms of the fixed wireless, we believe what our customers say that it basically is a product that results from excess capacity that currently exists in the network after at least where they have deployed a lot of mid-band spectrum. That really just works off the existing macros bat yet, so we haven’t seen anything that we would clearly and particularly identify as incremental. Although there have been some reports where microwave, millimeter wave spectrum would be broadcast off the macro sites to help with the fixed wireless initiative. We hope that comes to pass, obviously, but we haven’t seen that happen just yet.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And I would just add, and this comment goes throughout all the comments. We have been careful with our guidance and with our commentary not to get ahead of our customers. I mean ultimately, the answer to your question is how much money they decide that they are going to – we are not going to change the amount of money they are going to spend. They are going to spend what they decided they need to spend under the current competitive capital and other dynamics.
Jeff Stoops: Thank you, Eric. And thank you everyone for joining us. We look forward to advising you on our progress in 2023 as we move through the year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Ric. So the pacing this year, we would expect will be higher growth in the first half of the year with a slight step down in the second half of the year. That obviously is dependent somewhat on how leasing activity goes in terms of signing up new business here in the first half of the year. But the first half is pretty much locked in for the most part based on the success of the leasing activity we saw at the end of last year. I mean your second part you were breaking up just a little bit. I think you were asking about the other on international. Is that...
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So it’s a variety of things. In the case of international, there are some increases to pass-through expenses, which is the main driver. And then in the U.S., it’s a mixed bag. There is some other, what we kind of call, cash basis revenue that we’ve assumed will come in the first half. So it’s things like that. That’s really just our estimate of the year-over-year change as opposed to an absolute change as the business gets a little bit bigger, those things tend to grow.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, we’ve got decent visibility. As I just mentioned to Ric, generally, we expect things to be declining in terms of the growth rate from the first half of the year into the second half of the year. The mix varies by carriers. We had a couple of carriers that were extremely busy last year. We expect them to still be busy this year, but perhaps not at the same pace. So I think that’s probably the main driver, those that are picking up and will really just be dependent on the timing of when we see that accelerate. So I think if you look at last year and you look at the pace at which it increased throughout the year, it’s probably a little bit more of a modest decline this year than it was an increase last year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. And then on the carriers adding mid-band only half the sites, I can’t speak to what the others are talking about. I think it’s our belief and expectation that they will add it to the vast majority of their sites. That comment may have been related to where they are today, which parity. And there is still a long way to go, I think, is the overarching message here. A lot of our sites have not been touched yet. But based on backlogs and communications with our customers, we expect that, that will come over the coming years.
Brendan Cavanagh: And then Greg, on your services margin question, our outlook assumes a slightly lower margin for services work this year, and that’s based on primarily just a slight shift mix – sorry, shift in the mix of whether it’s construction or site act type of work. So the construction stuff is usually a little bit lower margin, also a mix on the type of work and who we’re doing the work for has some impact. But from a big picture standpoint, it’s a fairly small drop from what we had last year, and we will see how it shakes out. If it ends up being the same, we will have slightly better results than we projected.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. And that’s a multiyear. Year one will obviously vary depending on the specific situation. And frankly, Mike, that is the analysis around new build opportunities is not that different than it is for M&A, where a lot of these opportunities are competitively bid like the M&A deals are. They are just competitively bid with typically with carriers handing out those opportunities. So, we do our best when we are able to find strategic opportunities to build, but the volume there is obviously less. On the build-to-suit opportunities, we are making a financial decision. So, we would certainly like to continue to boost our portfolio numbers, but it’s all about the financial returns, and so we will be selective there just like we are on the M&A market.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Just so on the – I will do the dividend one first. We have pretty significant NOL still. I believe the number is somewhere around $585 million of NOLs as of the end of the year. So, that gives us a decent runway, and we should be able to keep our percentage of AFFO at a manageable level. And although it will grow certainly each year, if we continue to grow our dividend at the same pace we have been, I still think we have got many, many years left based on how we model it out. On the SG&A side, going forward, we did include certain bigger increases in our outlook that are largely around inflationary-type costs. Most of our SG&A is people-related costs. And on average, we are giving bigger increases to people this year than we have in past years. Just cost of living is increasing, and also to be competitive in the marketplaces that we are in. So, it’s mostly that, there is nothing in particular, I think to call out on it otherwise.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean there are some other things. There are some other business commitments that are part of the agreement as well, and there is a variety of smaller things. But the main gist of this is some accelerated discount to their leases, long-term commitments across the entire portfolio, including non-Oi related agreements and some future business commitments.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. The international leasing revenue cadence should be fairly balanced throughout the year. Unlike in the U.S., when we talked about a decline, that’s really U.S.-related. Internationally, we would expect it to be pretty steady throughout the year. And then on the other – I am sorry, the other carriers in the 5G auctions. Yes, I mean we are – those auctions have put spectrum into the hands of these carriers. With the consolidation now of Oi, it’s going to – we believe it’s going to actually be positive long-term. Once they kind of get beyond these synergies, there is some work to be done here in this first year or 2 years post merger. But I think as they get beyond that in order to compete as we believe they will now much more on network quality and 5G services, we expect that to be a big driver of leasing growth going forward. And just as it happens here in the U.S. and in other markets, the need to put that spectrum to work is the only way to get that investment to pay off. So, we believe there is a lot of opportunity longer term now in Brazil as a result.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. On the last one, the tick-up is really actually just a timing issue in terms of collections because of the year-end. It’s as simple as where the holidays fall and where payments were made, plus there were some services-related AR that we expect will actually come down over time.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the domestic churn, the timing, which is all Sprint, T-Mobile merger-related is truly just timing. We expect that the total amount that we will incur will be the same as what we have kind of guided to in the past. We just think it takes a little bit longer to get some of that done, but we don’t expect any changes.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. That’s in the right ballpark, Brandon, in terms of where we would think that we will exit that sort of what’s assumed in our $72 million number. That is in that range. What would swing it in terms of what happens after that is really dependent on what happens in terms of new bookings signed up during the second half of this year, the pace of that. If it’s ahead of our pace, it’s not going to have much impact on our assumed pace, it’s not going to have much impact on 2023, but obviously, it will drive what happens in 2024. So, it’s a little early to be able to talk about that, obviously, but the biggest impact is going to be based on what’s happening in terms of new business we are signing up the second half of this year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I think that it’s really a function of how many of our customers are hitting on all cylinders at the same time. It’s usually just concentration more than it is anything else. Our biggest lease-up periods throughout our history have come when all of our customers have been busy at the same time. Usually, that’s the biggest driver. If you have them do it over time, it just basically spreads it out more, but it doesn’t necessarily change the total. So, that’s probably the biggest answer. I mean obviously, there are other things that are out there that are more specific. I mean DISH has certain obligations in 2025. That of course, could be a driver to activity levels with them. T-Mobile’s got C-band spectrum that’s clearing at the end of this year as well as 3.45. They haven’t really deployed any of that. So, there is a variety of specific things that you could point to by carrier that could be drivers of accelerated activity at a given point in time, but that’s really to be seen in terms of the timing. Ultimately, though we expect all of those things to drive incremental business to our site, it’s just a question of when that happens.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So, on the international escalations, the dollar amount is flat. The CPI was certainly elevated during 2022. We are projecting it to be lower in Brazil, which is by far, our largest international market in 2023. But it’s – while it’s lower next year, the timing of when those escalations take place has an impact. So, some of the higher escalations of ‘22, some of that benefit carries over into 2023, and our assumed lower rate obviously then offset some of that benefit. Plus, we have a little bit bigger base of business, of course, with the GTS acquisition in particular. So, when you put it all together, we ended up with basically about the same dollar amount of growth impact, but we are assuming that the CPI rates come down year-over-year. So, that’s offsetting what you might otherwise see as an increase. And on the discretionary CapEx, there is a small amount of contracted M&A in there, which we actually disclosed how much is under contract in our press release. But the balance of that is made up of assumptions we have made around new builds, around data center upgrades, around some DAS networks that we are investing in, basically everything else. The only thing that we don’t include in there is an assumption around M&A because it’s obviously lumpier and hard to identify what that’s going to be sitting here today. But the rest of our discretionary investment plans, the guidance kind of reflects those assumptions.
