Jeffrey Stoops: We've seen great activity. We're ahead of plan, and there's a lot of demand in terms of application backlogs.  And in terms of that story, Ric, that relates primarily to the lower wood poles, the ones that are closer to the end user as opposed to the high-power transmission poles that are the ones that were really are part of our transaction.  So we don't see a lot of issues related with that. But if, in fact, there are poles or assets that were part of our transaction, there's a fairly elaborate -- if anything should happen to those in terms of being no longer needed or used by PG&E, there's a fairly complex set of rules that deal with that. So something that we're covered on and feel very good about. But for the most part, it's going to be the shorter wood poles that they're talking about. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. It's very different, Ric, when you're not doing small cell fiber work where it's more common that your customer contributes a large amount of the initial CapEx upfront, then you amortize it into that amount. I mean, that's never really been a big issue in the macro tower side of the business other than just the regular augmentation stuff, which is -- we don't foresee any material changes in that. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. In terms of the T-Mobile-Sprint question, Simon, T-Mobile is very organized and very, I think, ahead of what people thought in terms of their network planning. So there's a lot of crisp communications going back and forth. But I don't know that it materially has changed our prior statements on what we expect in terms of decommissioning. And we don't have any additional news on the uptake of the potential Sprint sites. But I would just say that T-Mobile is very prepared in their work in this area.  In terms of Oi, I believe the latest is that we're not expecting anything until at least the fourth quarter of this year, maybe into next. And our prior statements in terms of our exposures to both -- or to all 3 of TIM, Tigo and Claro, those have not changed. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. I think there's always an opportunity. The question is does it represent the terms and the financial returns that we're looking for. I think the universe of opportunities would allow us to do more. 
Jeffrey Stoops: No. We didn't work with any of the AMT guys in South Africa, Phil. This is Steve Marshall and Hal Hess and Steve Harris, guys that I've known forever. And worked very closely with Steve Marshall at WIA. So that's really just through the industry, this all came together. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. I mean we've modeled in some upgrade CapEx and some refurbishment CapEx, but talking about material numbers there as well. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, the last one is an easy one to answer, Mike, and it's DISH. Because DISH is coming online in the form of entirely new leases, and they're very busy. So that's the answer to that.  In terms of the second quarter, we achieved results that were ahead of our expectations. We did have some fairly robust expectations, but even those were exceeded by the level of second quarter activity.  And in terms of the growth rate going forward, I don't want to get too specific other than to say it's going up. 
Jeffrey Stoops: I would say that the ones that had kind of step function changes in their levels of activity were DISH and Verizon. And the Verizon story is very understandable. It's coming off the C-band auctions, their public statements and our MLA with them. 
Jeffrey Stoops: It's not proprietary. It's 5 years-ish. Might be a reason why it gets accelerated a year or extended a year, but that's generally the time frame that we're looking at. 
Jeffrey Stoops: The answer to your last question is yes. It is mostly all on our towers, which is why we have the confidence we have.  And in terms of your first question, Brett, there will be some leases in there. But for T-Mobile, Verizon and AT&T, it's going to be mostly amendments. And for DISH, it's going to all be new leases. 
Jeffrey Stoops: No. We wanted to come down off the 7.6%, and we came down quicker than we thought. And by the time we knew that, we were blacked out. 
Jeffrey Stoops: It will be a slight ramp. I don't know if I would call it a big ramp. we can walk through that number... 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. In terms of the services margins, I mean, our services business is comprised of 2 distinct offerings. One is site acquisition, zoning, kind of soft work; and then the second is construction. Construction typically produces about half the margin of site ac and zoning. So the mix between site ac, zoning and construction is what drives the margin. And the margins have actually been, based on the type of work being provided, historically strong compared to QR experience.  In terms of next year, I mean, we'll give you next year's guidance when we get there, but there's no reason why the services business, because it is primarily on our own towers, should materially slow down. It's going to reflect leasing activity. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Really more of the latter. I mean C-band came out quicker. DISH came out quicker. T-Mobile continues to be extremely strong. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Our work is pretty well spread out, David. I'm not sure exactly how they geographically define those comments you made, but we're seeing a fair spread to the geography. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, yes. Went into various acquisitions, also some new builds. We mentioned, we built about 100 sites during the quarter, so the total CapEx was up for a number of deals. The deals -- if you're asking where the deals were located, it was a mix. They were mostly deals in the U.S. in this quarter. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, AT&T is relatively steady. Did not have the same change in velocity that some of the others that we mentioned did.  And the FirstNet stuff, I think we are past -- well past the halfway point, but not close to being finished. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. I believe, and I just heard this today internally that we've now gotten our third contract for a true mobile edge computing site, so that would give us 2 data centers and 3 or 4 mobile edge facilities. So moving forward, but quite a bit of ways away for reaching that materiality point you referred to. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. The Paradigm folks were responsible for bringing the deal to us, Colby, and had a long relationship with Airtel in Tanzania with their former employer. So that's why we're where we are. I don't think we're disclosing the exact split, other than we are clearly the majority owner in all facets.  In terms of the AT&T-DISH deal, it doesn't really change DISH's requirements with the FCC, which is for their own fixed network. Arguably, it could impact their growth beyond that to just roll on AT&T's network. But we'll have to see. I mean, pruning never is the first economic choice. But I mean, it certainly hasn't in any way impacted DISH's case out of the blocks here in 2021. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, the number of opportunities internationally is high. Prices are high. You need to be very selective. I don't know that we will be able to do a bunch of things like we're doing in Tanzania. I hope we can, but I don't know that, that will be the case.  In terms of capital allocation, generally, we continue to believe our shareholders are best suited by a "lower dividend, higher dividend growth strategy". Gives us the most flexibility, produces very good growth numbers. So that's what we will continue to pursue there.  And given our access to capital and interest rates, we will look to stay fully invested within our target leverage range, whether that be portfolio growth or stock repurchases. 
Jeffrey Stoops: So far, so good. We really haven't seen any issues on the labor side. I mean the fact that we maintain a sizable in-house crew gives us some flexibility there.  And in terms of the equipment side, we've not heard any issues around our customers delivering the equipment to the sites for installation. Now we read about all the same semiconductor issues that you read about, so I guess that could change, but it has not manifested itself so far. 
Jeffrey Stoops: There'll be densification. But just like every generational upgrade, you go first to your existing sites because that's the quickest, the best bang for your buck. So this is happening exactly like it always does. 
Jeffrey Stoops: The last part of your question is based on what they would bring to the table and mostly operational context as opposed to capital, at least so far. And in terms of -- there are certainly ones that are off-limits, either by choice or by legal necessity, places like Cuba and China. I mean, we're just not allowed to go there.  And then there will be others where the analysis of the risks outweigh the rewards. In a country where you have very little rule of law and you have the potential for nationalization of assets, those are not going to be markets where we're most excited about. 
Jeffrey Stoops: We look at all kinds of things. And when you get into markets in Africa, most of the work is not around the assets as much as it is around political, regulatory, tax, government. And we spend a lot of time and taking a lot of resources before we make those decisions. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. And in terms of the new-builds in Tanzania, we're committed to build hundreds of towers over the next 5 years. The hope is we increase that.  I would point to South Africa, which we -- which is now, I believe, over 1,500 towers, most of which were built. So there's a lot of opportunity there, and we will continue to press it in those areas where we think it's going to provide great returns. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, we're looking for towers that, ultimately, either with the first, although that's more unlikely, but with the second get to a 15% cash on investment yield or higher.  I want to thank everyone for tuning in today. And stay tuned, and we look forward to the next time we're together with third quarter results. Thank you. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Ric, to this point, obviously, nothing has been material enough to do that. We do always back out -- we've previously identified when we haven't consolidated something. Obviously, the JV piece of the AFFO per share. But it's something we'll look at. If it becomes material, we'll highlight it for you guys. We just haven't had any, really, to date. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean I don't think so, Ric. The things that would drive it up is obviously more augmentation activity of the towers, which is certainly possible, given the increased amount of activity in general that we're seeing. But the offset to that is that as we have longer terms to our leases, particularly the Verizon MLA, which we talked about last quarter, and some of the new agreements that come with longer term, that tends to stretch out the period over which you're amortizing and actually reduces the amount.  Plus just -- it's a factor of which towers are getting hit, whether work needs to be done at the site, how much cost is being reimbursed, all those kind of things. So I don't expect it to actually move up materially at any point in the next year or 2. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, that's the total purchase price, the $175 million plus a few incremental costs. So that represents everything. So it wouldn't be materially more than that. I mean down the road, we'll have to see how things... 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. The JV, Phil, is specific to Tanzania. There's no obligation to do anything alongside them going forward. So there's no commitment as far as that goes. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Mike, from a growth standpoint, we certainly expect it to be mid- to high single digits in the future given what's going on now. So yes, when you're talking about going out a lot of years, obviously, we're getting bigger and bigger, so you have to add that many more dollars to make that happen. But given the activity levels today, I think as we get a year or so out, you'll start to see us return to levels that are similar to what we've reported in the past when we were busier. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. We expect it to step up sequentially each of the next 2 quarters, but certainly, the fourth quarter would be a bigger step-up is our expectation based on the timing of when this -- the stuff we're signing... 
Brendan Cavanagh: They're getting stuff activated in Q3 as well. So I mean, it's a mix question, Walt, but they're busy in activating stuff in both -- we expect in both quarters. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. It's increasing. I mean, certainly, the lease-up has been a little bit better just recently, and we expect it to be better as we move through the year. I don't know that I would agree with your characterization, though, so we should probably talk about that separately. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Batya, on the Sprint churn piece, it's expected -- we had, I think, what we reported last time was about $1.7 million or so in the first quarter. We expect the full year to be somewhere between $8 million, maybe $8 million to $9 million or so for the year, the fourth quarter impact. And this is, again, on a full-year, year-over-year basis. Will be a little bit bigger because, obviously, there are some of those leases that are going away as we move through the year.  In terms of next year, right now, we still think maybe $30 million to $35 million or so is appropriate. I have to hedge a little bit only because the timing of when we get notice is, what they specifically decided to do, is a little bit of a fluid situation. But based on what we know today and lease expiration dates, that we think that's a reasonable estimate. 
Brendan Cavanagh: It's roughly -- well, this includes the other third parties, so I don't know the exact breakdown. But the total leasing revenue that's contracted is about 67% in U.S. dollars, when you exclude the pass-through stuff. 
Brendan Cavanagh: I don't have the exact number for you, Brandon. It's materially higher, I can say, generally. But we can actually look for something to maybe put a percentage increase or something on that for you after the call. 
