Mark DeRussy: Good morning and thank you for joining us for SBA second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we will discuss in this call is forward-looking including but not limited to any guidance for 2012 and beyond. These forward-looking statements maybe affected by the risks and uncertainties in our business. Everything we say here today is qualified in its entirety by cautionary statements and risk factors set forth in last night’s press release and our SEC filings which documents are publicly available. These factors and others have affected historical results, may affect future results and may cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement we may make. Our statements are as of today, August 3, 2012 and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statement we may make. Our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures as defined in Regulation G. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other information required by Regulation G has been posted on our website, www.sbasite.com. With that, I will it over to Brendan to comment on our second quarter results.
Mark DeRussy: Thanks Brendan. SBA entered the second quarter with $4.1 billion of total debt. We have cash and cash equivalents, short-term restricted cash and short-term investments of $109 million resulting in net debt of $4.0 billion. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was seven times. Our second quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 3.3 times.  We were very active in the capital markets during and subsequent to the second quarter. Several of these second quarter events we've already reported and discussed. In April, we issued 5.25 million shares of comment stock to fund the equity portion of the Mobilitie transaction. The cash portion of the purchase price was funded with the $400 million bridge loan and the balance from a draw on our revolver.  Also in April, we redeemed a $131 million of principal at each of our 8% and 8.25% senior notes with proceeds from an equity offer and equity offering in the first quarter. In May, we obtained a new five year $200 million term loan which was issued at par and bears interest at LIBOR plus a margin that ranges from 2% to 2.5%. The proceeds from this loan we used to pay down announced outstanding under our revolver.  Simultaneous with the term loan A we amended our credit facility to increase the committed availability under our revolver to $700 million and to extend the maturity date out until May of 2017. In July, we issued $800 million of senior notes due 2020. The notes were issued at par and bear interest at a rate of 5.75%.  Proceeds from these offering were used in part to repay the full Mobilitie bridge loan and to repay all amounts barred under our revolver. Also in July we priced the $610 million offering of Secured Tower Revenue Securities. These securities will be issued at par and bear interest at 2.933%. We have an anticipated repayment date of December 2017 and a final maturity date of 2042.  The proceeds in this offering are scheduled to close August 9 will be used to call the remaining $244 million in principal outstanding of over 8% senior notes this month at a price of 106 pay a portion of the cash consideration in connection with our pending TowerCo acquisition and for general corporate purposes.  As of the end of the second quarter and pro forma for our July 2 debt offerings, our debt had a weighted average annual cash coupon of 4.4% and a weighted average remaining maturity of 4.6 years. We've reduced our weighted average cost to debt by 20 basis points and extended the weighted average maturity by six months in just one quarter. 86% of our pro forma total debt is fixed rate.  In the second quarter, we did not purchase any shares of our common stock. We currently have $150 million remaining under our existing $300 million authorization. While stock purchases continue to be an important component within our overall capital allocation process, we continue to view them as opportunistic rather than systematic.  We are very pleased with our balance sheet as we ended the second half of 2012. Pro forma for July debt offerings we have long-term financing in place for Mobilitie transaction, $700 million in committed capacity under our revolver, approximately $500 million in cash and committed financing for the TowerCo acquisition. The current capital market is very favorable for the Tower industry and we expect it will continue to provide us with diverse and attractive sources of capital. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark DeRussy: Yes, they are US towers. And on location CapEx trends I think, Brendan correct me if you see it differently, but I think the trends are good. We don't see any material increase there and particularly keep in mind that we report gross numbers but actually have over the last couple of years had more than 50% of that cost reimbursed to us by the tenants whose activity requires the augmentation. 
Mark DeRussy: Great, I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you next time. Thank you.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the DAS assets Jon we are probably going to keep them and work to improve their efficiencies, so we got to work with ExteNet on that and at some point I would expect this to sell those assets to ExteNet as well. In terms of the rank order, I think AT&T was number one, but not by a whole lot over Verizon right and then Sprint was third, but all in very material amounts of activity And I think that’s going to continue to roll through the rest of the year with the possible exception that Sprint may rise in the rankings as the Network Vision amendments really start to accelerate.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I mean we do intend to continue to access the securitization market. I mean one of the things that we did is we kind of got our unsecured higher costing debt refinancing out of the way with the 5.75% senior notes although on an absolute basis that was a wonderful rate. So the future financings post TowerCo, we positioned to be to fit within the secured buckets that we look to fill and you can assume that some of that will be in the CMBS market. Well, I don't know if you can assume it or not but that's certainly our intent. The TowerCo assets are in great shape. We are actually taking steps today, working with TowerCo to begin securitization readiness stake from those assets and we feel pretty good about our ability to tap that market again post transaction. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, it's not that big, just $25 million and it accrues interest to 10% and it’s got some healthy terms for us which are designed to give ExteNet the incentive to not leave it out there a whole long time.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the guidance change, what you said is basically right. We are adding to our full year guidance about $5.4 million to revenue in Tower cash flow and EBITDA from the inclusion of the DAS assets that we are keeping, that’s about $1.8 million per quarter for the three quarters; obviously we already got that benefit in Q2 and then the remaining $3.6 million for the second half of the year. The balance of the increase is primarily from organic growth, so if you look at site leasing revenue we have increased the midpoint there $9 million less the $5.4 million from the DAS, the balance of that, the $3.6 million is all organic growth, because we’ve signed a very little in terms of new acquisitions. And the same would apply if we got out of Tower cash flow and EBITDA obviously, we did a little bit better on the EBITDA line in Q2, in part because we have a better than expected services quarter as well. But all that baked into increase, so you have got $12.5 million on EBITDA, only about $5.5 million of that is from DAS, the rest is all organic growth.
Brendan Cavanagh: Okay, yes Chris there is with regard to the straight line, there is an upside to the GAAP revenue for Sprint based on timing of when they actually commence those amendments because while it’s in our numbers today, it’s in there at the latest possible date if they are allowed to commence on such that to the extent that they commence some earlier, you would have a pick up. Although albeit a smaller pick up then obviously if it weren’t there at all. And then secondarily to the extent that they are to sign amendments at greater rates than the minimum that they are obligated to that obviously also has a positive impact and we are seeing some of that in the early going at this point.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, there will be additional deals, Kevin. I don't know that, that will be material. I suspect they won't, but we will continue to stay active in the mom and pop market and continue. You know we have some additional capital that were interested and prepared to spend, but nothing material while we close TowerCo and work leverage back down to our target range.
Brendan Cavanagh: You know, we like market a lot and what we've done so far in Central America is all dollar denominated. So we like that too. So I think the answer is yes. I mean we like those markets. There are other markets that I think we could like as well, but that’s certainly an area in which we are interested in finding good additional investment.
Brendan Cavanagh: It is and again that was really more of a goal to ourselves, you know, something to shoot for. You know, our international business is growing a lot actually on an organic basis, faster than our US business but with both mobility and TowerCo, it's kind of – it's been pushed back a little bit on a pro forma basis. But, yeah that’s still a number that we’re interested in getting to.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the 19, I'm embarrassed to say I don't know exactly where they are. They are US towers spread around the country. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I will agree with that. I mean we are seeing more of our sites being touched because of the greater amount of amendments and as a result in some cases we are seeing a little bit of an uptick generally in augmentation CapEx to accommodate the additional equipment. But we are having greater success in terms of recovering those funds from the carriers that are actually causing those augmentation. So on a net basis we are actually doing better.
Jeff Stoops: Well a lot of it is IT related and movements of data files and making sure that data that comes over is organized the way that we run our company and that process is well under way. There will be some additional field operations, people added. We tend to run that side of our business based on a certain tower count in the geography.  Obviously our tower counts are going up quite a bit and we will probably add a few more sales people around those assets. But those positions are already in the process of being filled and things have gone smoothly so far and we expect that to continue.
Jeff Stoops: No. Combined all of our AT&T, Verizon and Sprint sites, less than 25% of those and in rank order who has amended the most is Verizon, followed by AT&T and then Sprint in third place.
Jeff Stoops: All those are high on our priority list for the right terms and again we don’t have a religious opposition to MLAs, it's all about what's best for SBA, both today, looking out the future financially. So we're open and in dialog and you know, will take some resolution, you know, happens here in the not too distant future.
Jeff Stoops: And on the future investment question David, once we get back to the high end and working our way down on the labyrinth, the high end of our target range of 7.5 times and below, we will once again turn our thinking back to capital investment which has always been a choice for us between portfolio growth, which is our bias and then stock repurchases if those look to be better the old spin or portfolio growth opportunities. So no change in how we will think about things; just really a question of when we get back to that level and I think it’s now going to be sooner than we thought given how well we performed in the second quarter and what our expectations are for the second half of the year. 
Jeff Stoops: Well, the formal consideration was heavily negotiated in terms of their desire for additional equity issues, our desire for good financial return, where the senior lenders of ExteNet would want to be, so all those things; now even though we’re been already investor there, you can assume it was a robust conversation. And in terms of the value, we’ve never really disclosed how ExteNet is doing on how to start that now, although I will say that based on those multiples, our value of our ExteNet investment is above what we’re carrying in on [that approach].
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, it is; although it may or may not be addressed as part of a holistic agreement with T-Mobile, it’s still on the table; but there is a lot of built up, first of all we’ve been a little busy this quarter, T-Mobile has been a little busy, so you know, we have all those opportunities still ahead.
Jeff Stoops: It would all come down to the issue of whether or not new equipment was necessary to transmit that 2.3 GHz level and I don't know the answer yet on that change. That’s pretty new news for us and we're just starting to understand that but it becomes a fairly simple answer to your question. If new equipment is required than it would be necessary for AT&T to come back and talk with us. If not, they would not have to.
Jeff Stoops: We are seeing from AT&T and Verizon some new tendencies which gives us reason to continue to believe in our base belief which is the driver behind Mobilitie and TowerCo that once the LTE initial roll out is completed there will be capacity infill in cell-splitting. It will be, we will take a variety of forms both macro sites and small cells. There will be plenty of macro sites and we are already seeing some examples where capacity needs are emerging now and are being addressed with new tendencies.
Jeff Stoops: We will provide some more color on that when we give our full year guidance in our next call Simon. I mean we are getting larger. We will continue to invest. What will be the governing factor and this is how we come up with the statements that we have in about 5% to 10% portfolio growth.  We will be where we want to continue to leverage the business. And if it continues to be in the 7 to 7.5 times range which I feel is appropriate today when most of that investment can go towards portfolio growth with good growth assets. From that we will fall out a number of towers. And that's kind of how we will talk about it in, so I can't really speak to the five to 10 today but this exactly how we will calculate and speak to that issue. And in terms of international versus domestic, we are going to continue look in all those areas, we are having great success both domestically and internationally with lease up and customer activity. So we will take a wide view of where our additional investments will go.
Jeff Stoops: On the TowerCo debt accretion we have done better in our two recent financings than we thought. We actually thought we would do a blend of around 5% between high yields and secured in actuality it was 4.1%. So we did a lot better and actually of course that should have a benefit to the TowerCo accretion, that you mentioned something about having a lined up some more debt, we really don’t have anymore debts lined up. We have a committed bridge facility in place that bears interested LIBOR plus 350. So when roll it all together our matched debt against that transaction will be well below 5%. And in terms of the revenue growth, we only have MLA with Sprint and as we sign up amendments, we've straight lined the revenue so it is all in there and that was the reason why we had a GAAP revenue pick up, but we only recognized the AFFO impact when we actually begin to cash revenue recognition. So we actually do have a lot of additional runway based on where we think that 25 or its actually, its below 25% where we think that number is added, as you look at the impact on cash AFFO.
Jeff Stoops: And on the MLA versus lease extension question Chris, we have again only signed an MLA with Sprint and in connection with that, we did extend leases and I think our average with Sprint CDMA sites is around nine years now. The other three guys average three to four years and they run -- their leases run in the traditional five years with five five-year renewal option cycle. 
