Jeffrey A. Stoops: The amendment new cell site split internationally is probably 90-10, 90% new cell sites, 10% amendments, I think reflecting the capacity or -- excuse me, the coverage built stage that a lot of those markets are in. We see them as being several years behind maybe as many as 5 to 10 years behind the U.S., in terms of their development but proceeding on exactly the same path. So we're pretty excited about years to come of good international growth.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we really don't have a DAS portfolio. We chose several years ago to be active in that space through our investment in ExteNet, of which we're a sizable minority holder. We sold slightly more than half the DAS assets that we bought from Mobilitie to ExteNet, which Brendan mentioned, and I think we announced the closing of that. So that's how we invest and stay active through the DAS side of things. And we're extremely pleased with how ExteNet is doing, and how that portion of the world I think is going to be -- continue to be an important part of wireless infrastructure.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. First of all, our hearts go out to the people up there, whose lives are still dislocated, and we know there are many. Thankfully, we have no employee issues, other than difficulty in getting around. We have no reported material damage to our towers. There's a lot of power out that prevents cell sites from working, because the battery backups have all run out by now. Our obligations, and we're working hard to do this, is to make sure that our customers have access to the site, cleared roads, ability to get to their equipment and get them up and running. And we feel very confident that we'll be able to do that very quickly. So having said all that, again, while the Sandy thing is a heartache for so many people, we don't really see it having any material impact on our business.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: And yes, we do expect to try and securitize some of those TowerCo assets in DAS financing. I mean, DAS financing is -- let me say that our first choice at this time would be to do that financing through a securitization, although we certainly left ourself room and have the structural capacity to do it in the bank market as well.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No, I mean we're working to position the company to retire all that in cash, because we believe that the cash that we'll be able to access through the debt markets will have a lower yield than our shares on an AFFO per share basis. And the result and impact on long-term AFFO per share leads towards cash settlement. Now we'll balance all that against leverage and what other portfolio growth opportunities that we have at the time, but we kind of always think about positioning the company to settle these things for cash, Rick.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, Jonathan, the new assets are actually seeing a little more cell splitting, which is what we are -- we're contemplating and banking on. It's not yet to the levels that we expect in years to come as 4G becomes -- the coverage gets built out and then they go back in for capacity, but we're encouraged by the amount of activity that we've seen so far. So you're going to have a higher new cell splitting mix of added revenue on the new assets. In terms of international, we continue to like the Western Hemisphere. But we are open and looking all throughout the world for the right opportunities, as we look to grow the company. But I would have to continue to say that the Western Hemisphere continues to be our bias.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, on ExteNet, Jonathan, we continue to like our investment and continue in general to have a desire to increase our investment. The note that we took back from ExteNet in the sale of the DAS assets is convertible, should we so choose at the time, if ever that they decide to go out and raise additional equity, and we structured that for exactly that reason. So if the world continues to move in the direction that it's moving in terms of DAS and small sells, we will continue to have an interest in expanding our relationship with an investment in ExteNet. In terms of the iDEN, it's a bit unclear to us, because Sprint has the ability to power down its equipment and yet leave the equipment on the sites for certain periods of time. So we don't actually know whether certain item sites are still transmitting or not. We do have rights to perform the services work, to take that equipment down. We haven't done much of that in 2012, and we have some of that in our guidance for 2013. But in terms of what our numbers reflect and whether we have a numeric path to actually confirm or check how much of Sprint's iDEN network is actually powered or not, we can't tell you.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, we have -- as part of the deal that we cut last year, we have a specified runoff of iDEN termination rights for Sprint, and we have included in our guidance $5 million to $6 million of that revenue loss in our 2013 outlook.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I think carriers plow right through the year end and go pretty hard right out of the gates in January, based on where we see the projects and what we know of their goals in terms of getting this 4G stuff done. I think it's going to be more equally weighted all through the year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, I'll answer the second one first. We are seeing instances where folks who we have entered into an MLA with have come back, and are seeking to install equipment outside or above and beyond the parameters that we agreed to, which results in additional leasing revenue for us. And I do think we'll continue to see that and perhaps even more of it in 2013. In terms of M&A, there has been a number of large deals done this year in United States. There remain a couple, less than a handful, of I think, legitimate opportunities for north of 1,000 towers. I think there's somewhere between 5 and 10 -- between 300 and 800 towers. And then there's a whole still a bunch of smaller M&A opportunities in the U.S. and still a lot of towers being built specifically for later sale to companies like us. So I think our growth in the U.S., Simon, will be -- come from a greater numerosity of transactions, but I do think there'll still be plenty of growth opportunities left. I think the odds of the bigger deal, if we find one we like and if actually move on one, might be international.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: That's a good question. And I think that points out the difference, of course, in the noncash GAAP straight-line results from the cash. The way the T-Mobile deal was struck. The seasonality's not going to matter, because it's now kind of a locked in increase based on increase escalators, which have already started to kick in. On the Sprint MLA, the seasonality would not impact the GAAP revenue, but it would definitely impact the TCF. And I would encourage everyone, as we've now entered into some of these transactions where the GAAP and the cash impacts differ, to pay most close attention to our TCF numbers, our adjusted EBITDA numbers and our AFFO numbers, all of which are cash based. So see, an up or down first quarter wouldn't impact the GAAP recognition on those 2 contracts. Perhaps it would impact the cash reports, so watch the cash.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we're starting to book leases and amendments now. So it's already factoring into the consolidated numbers. But as I mentioned earlier, we expect -- the best is still yet to come as we move on an industry basis through the initial 4G coverage builds into capacity. You're starting to see incremental revenue in our results from those new assets in the third quarter.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I think it's the latter, which is so much activity right now, but we see that level of activity continuing through the rest of this year and all through 2013. So -- I mean, we feel pretty good about the strong services numbers, at least, through the end of next year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we don't see any signs of that, but if it were to occur, pause or a stoppage by either by AT&T or Verizon would change things. Not just given the magnitude of the work that they've been doing, and we expect that they will continue to do, we don't see any signs of that, however.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Where additional things may come from? Clearwire has started to do a little bit around their 4G conversion. But it's not in numbers that we think materially at this point as going to impact 2012 or move the 2013 outlook. DISH is waiting on the FCC. They have folks in place that are starting to think about how they might roll that network out, but it's all really on hold until they hear from the FCC. And public safety's really just getting started. They've had a couple of requests for information that have gone out. I know PCIA, which represents the tower industry, has commented on that. So it's all moving in the right direction. I can't really tell you when it gets to the point of material impact in our numbers. But when we get there, I'll let you know.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, that was one idea that was submitted, kind of the shared -- kind of almost the LightSquared idea, with respect to Sprint's network that they had last year. I don't know that it's actually locked in, that they're going that direction, David. I will have to see. I mean, if there were elements of sharing either on the ground or on the tower with existing carriers, they'd have to strike that deal with those folks first. It is a concept that we've wrestled with and dealt with before in the context of Sprint and LightSquared. But in terms of do we have anything yet that approaches kind of financial certainty around what that might look like, the answer is no.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, the iDEN churn is $5 million to $6 million, plus 1% to 1.5% of unallocated churn, because that's kind of where it's been over the years. There's nothing more -- there's nothing else in the churn numbers. So in terms of the revenue -- I mean the problem with the -- if you're working off the GAAP numbers, Kevin, it's going to be impossible to figure out, with all the puts and takes with the GAAP versus the cash. Keep in mind that as you recognize cash revenue, particularly under the Sprint Network Vision contract, which will increase TCF and adjusted EBITDA, it actually lowers the GAAP revenue. So that probably is what you're seeing. And I would suggest that maybe after this call, you get Mark and Brendan on the line, and we can walk you through all that. But if you're basing your analysis off the GAAP revenue, it's not going to be the right picture.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Great. Thanks, Lola. We appreciate everyone's participation on the call today. Look forward with strong finish to the year. We'll speak with you in 2013. Thanks.
