Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Ric, we have included some impact from FirstNet in our guidance because as we mentioned we've seen some actual executions of amendments already that obviously influence the amount that we're expecting to report during 2018. We also have some FirstNet amendment applications in our backlog that have influenced our expectations. But it is expected to build throughout the year, and I think that you'll see the majority of that impact towards the latter part of the year and into next year.
Brendan Cavanagh: It's in to the extent that there are specifics but there is the commitment is over a period of time to sign up a certain amount of business, but the timing of that is not absolute. So depending on how that flows in it could be different than what we've assumed.
Brendan Cavanagh: No, not directly baked into the MLAs. We were -- as we gave you a number each quarter as to what we saw the total potential impact from Metro/Leap and Clearwire specifically, some of that was based on our estimates and our view on which sites they would be keeping and which ones they wouldn't be. And as we've gotten renewal notices on some of those or they haven't terminated them, as renewal dates have come up, that's obviously affected it. And then to some degree on the Clearwire there was a little bit within the MLA where we saw certain sites being upgraded that we previously thought might go away so a little bit of that. But most of it was just leases being renewed that we would have otherwise expected to be churned off.
Brendan Cavanagh: We had about four years. I mean there was the old MLA that we did a few years ago that had extended some terms --
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, it just as a refresher on that number first it is a -- it is really representative of the trailing 12-months activity because you're comparing the fourth quarter in this case to the fourth quarter of 2016. So everything that happened in between their impacts it. And so as we start to move into the first part of the year, the influence of what occurred during 2017 also is kind of carried with these first few quarters. But we would expect by the end of the year to see that number increase based on our expectations, based on the backlog that we talked about, building we expect to see a lot more of lease-up taking place, so by the time we get towards the end of the year that that number will be higher in terms of the gross leasing number. On the churn piece, we do expect that to continue to step-down. We have a small amount of iDern churn in the fourth quarter of next year that may impact the fourth quarter, but we do expect to be otherwise below 2% on our same tower churn numbers, primarily due to a drop off in the consolidation related churn.
Brendan Cavanagh: And just maybe one thing to add is that that our expense base is largely fixed. The majority of our expenses are also tied to fixed escalators, that's our ground leases and obviously given our large margins there's a limited expense base. So we won't see kind of an increase in our operating expenses at a time when we're not able to increase our revenue base at a similar rate.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, I think we would expect it to be steadily increasing throughout the year. We're not expecting like material drops. And the reality is it's not that volatile the activity levels and so as we continue to see our backlogs increase we would expect to see our leasing revenue also increase. So I think it will be relatively flat here in the first part of the year based on modest activity in the second half of 2017 and then starting to increase in the back half of the year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So on the tax assumption, we -- it's actually in our press release if you look at kind of the walk down of guidance it's in the back for each of the specific items, it shows a range of $17.5 million to $22.5 million, so $20 million at the mid-point, that's for total taxes and that's up $3 million to $4 million. I mentioned international specifically and that's just really because as we get bigger internationally we generate more taxable income. So that's part of the reason that that moves up. On the LIBOR assumptions, we are assuming an increase in LIBOR, but it's somewhat modest, it's about 25 to 30 basis point move up throughout somewhat evenly throughout the year, so it's moved a little more dramatically than that in the early part of the year. So we'll see whether that assumption holds or not but that is the assumption. And then your other question was the M&A versus the stock buybacks and certainly as the stock becomes more expensive, I mean really what we're doing here is we're making decisions as to how best to allocate capital and trying to get the best return possible. So we're looking at all of our options in front of us, if the return on the stock buybacks isn't as great as it was before relative to the M&A opportunities before us that may mean more M&A. But I think if you look at the last couple of years, you've seen us do a pretty good mix of both and I would expect that to be the case going forward.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, I mean it's something that we're evaluating all the time and I think there are opportunities to do some things, but we'll just stay posted, and we'll do what we can to minimize those costs always.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the M&A question obviously everything that we've closed to-date is clearly in, so the highline deal, the deal that we mentioned that was in Peru and Colombia those are of course in. And then, everything that's under contract, we also included, but there is some variability to that because we've had to make certain assumptions around timing of when those might close. So in the case of the biggest item which is the Millicom deal in El Salvador we have included that in our guidance, and that's why our discretionary CapEx is where it is, and we've made certain assumptions around closing of that in tranches throughout the second half of 2018. But the timing on that could shift earlier or later and would have some slight impact on that, but anything that's not signed up under contract is not, there's nothing included.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, I'd rather not give a specific number but I will say that we expect it to be higher on average than the average growth rate that we would assume for the full-year, because we do expect it to grow throughout the year, sequentially. So we definitely would expect to be leaving the year with a higher rate than the average that we've implied here for the full-year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, the churn in 2018, basically half of that is associated with Metro/Leap and Clearwire consolidation. So it's about 2% of the assumption for full-year over full-year about 1% of that is from those guys.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, on the first question, the activity, as Jeff mentioned, was a little bit lower in the fourth quarter. We have seen it increase as we've come into this year. So the first few months our actual activity which we're describing as applications coming in and signings of new agreements has definitely picked up, but the timing of that, the influence through the financials of course will be delayed. So I think the first quarter definitely is impacted or is expected to be impacted a little bit in terms of revenue recognition by the slower executions in the fourth quarter. But again based on what's happening now in terms of signings, we feel good that as we get into the latter half of the year that will see some positive uptick there.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, we did do one with Sprint, Ric. We have done -- we did one previously with Sprint, we've done one with T-Mobile. So it's certainly not out of the question. But as to whether we will or not I would just kind of leave that one alone and we'll see what happens. I mean we're not religiously or fundamentally opposed to it, it just has to be the right deal for both parties.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, it's a multi-year agreement that isn't really granular in terms of quarterly commitments. It's more of commitments over the whole term of the agreement. So to Brendan's point it will depend really on timing.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. So far for us, it's mostly amendment and it's a wide range of equipment needs because now AT&T has a very wide range of existing equipment loads throughout its network. So I really can't generalize and say, it's, three radios, three antennas, six radios, six antennas, it’s really very much diverse across the board. But in our case, it looks like it’s going to be primarily amendment.
Jeff Stoops: Well, there was, no, MLA with Sprint previously. So every -- all the leases with Sprint were on their own terms which, I think averaged --
Jeff Stoops: So this does not apply to all of our Sprint leases, it applies to a substantial and we're not going to give you total granularity on this because we're not supposed to per our agreement with Sprint. But we do have for the leases that this does apply to we have multi-year extended terms and there are certain amendment 2.5 commitments and also new co-lo commitments over a period of time that Sprint has agreed to. So by the end of the agreement, there will be a certain amount of business that they will have obligated themselves to and that can all be accelerated by when they actually agree to do that, but by the end of the agreement we know that it will be there because that is the drop dead date on the obligation.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, I mean there are a lot of different puts and takes, Nick, but the single most or at least the one point that the agreements that we have willing to enter into have all shared is equipment specificity.
Jeff Stoops: It's all -- all the equipment entitlements are all laid out very clearly that's the one constant in the now three master leases that the SBA has entered into.
Jeff Stoops: Well, if we see, inflation meaningfully higher, I think the vast majority of the likely reason will be greatly improved economy which we believe would translate into improved spending, a better consumer. And that's all going to help us on the organic growth side. Obviously we're going to have pricing ability on any type of new asset on any type of amendment. One of the benefits of the way we do business is we don't have any agreements in place now. But for this one with Sprint which was somewhat limited in its application. So we do have kind of cart launch ability to price new types of activity. Where we would continue to be limited is on the renewal where the agreements do are dictated by the existing escalator in place. So we turn our attentions towards managing more on the expense side and dealing with things potentially on the financing side to manage all that. But I --
Jeff Stoops: We have, always, I think been very clear that we intend to stay through this path to $10 or more of AFFO per share fully invested to our target leverage ranges of 7 to 7.5 times. And if you look at our guidance, and you run those numbers out, you'll see that we need to invest more capital to do that. And we've also, I think been very clear that additional stock repurchases are very large component of getting to that $10 or more of AFFO per share. So we intend do some more capital allocation expenses.
Jeff Stoops: I think the macro business will consume the vast majority, Brett. But clearly there are real estate opportunities that will be small cell oriented that are exclusive in nature that are definitely worth pursuing and those are the ones that we are looking at and looking for and actually have with you.
Jeff Stoops: The things that we're looking for tend to be more one-off and more very asset specific and not really suitable for competitive bid. I think by nature you don't have an exclusive asset, that's how it's created. So there's a vast variety of different assets out there that are going to come into play here and some of them are going to be good. And actually, we do have a few, I mean we haven't really talked a whole lot about it, because it's not very material at all, but we are doing exactly some of that business where we think it's a very exclusive asset.
Jeff Stoops: No change on the escalator, Amir. And on the other, no real changes that in any material way impact our business. I do think over time that our customers in their never-ending quest for different cheaper lower options, may find the occasional alternative here or there, but I really don't think it will ever prove to be anything material, and I think it will always be subsumed within our, what we believe will be ever shrinking churn assumptions.
Jeff Stoops: Not necessarily. I mean if you look at what we've done over really just since our last earnings, you can see a heavy bias of capital allocation towards M&A. It's really very opportunistic in where we see the greatest opportunity for long-term value creation. There was a period of time where we saw that in share repurchases. The last time where we saw that in share repurchases, the last four, six months or so we've seen that in M&A. So I really can't give you one-way or the other there. But what I can tell you is that we do intend to stay leveraged absent some huge jump beyond, well beyond where we are today in interest rates. We do intend to stay levered in the 7 to 7.5 times range and use that investment capital for either M&A or share repurchases and we continue to have the bias towards M&A where we could find the right opportunities.
Jeff Stoops: First question was about DISH in guidance, there's nothing specific in there related to DISH at this point. The international churn was related to primarily one unique situation in Latin America, one customer that is not going to repeat itself.
Jeff Stoops: Small customer and actually could get worked out and we defer not to name it at this point. The M&A market continues to be very competitive. We stop and we start and we're opportunistic around our capital allocation because it is very competitive and I don't think that's going to change, given the desirability of high quality tower assets. But there are good opportunities out there. We're pretty good at ferreting them out and we will continue to look to do that, but it is competitive. Now I think you had one more question and I --
Jeff Stoops: Well the highline deal in Brazil low maturity, good revenues skewed towards TIM and Vivo, high quality towers. So that is a little different characteristics from our Oi concentration in Brazil, gives us a nice diversification which was one of the leading attractions there. Then the Millicom deal which we just did was really a little bit different again, very immature towers, we had somewhat of a structured transaction where we arrived at a price based on the rent that we agreed that Millicom would pay. We arrived at what we thought was very attractive price per tower given that market and we know that market very well because we were already the leading tower company in that market. But high quality towers, Millicom, is the leading provider in that market. So we know we're getting very good locations and it should be good opportunities for the other three players in that market to co-locate. So every one of those deals has a little bit of a different twist and turn and that all has to play into the analysis and decision making.
Jeff Stoops: There continues to be -- we continue to be primarily a western hemisphere focused company but we will look in other areas and we will see good opportunity and good value creation where it presents itself.
Jeff Stoops: I would just add to that, Dave, that for any M&A deal, you have to hit the minimum investment requirement, and then, it was only after that that you really had the choice between stock repurchases and M&A. So once you hit that minimum certainly the increased stock price allows for a potentially greater bias towards those M&A opportunities that otherwise qualify.
Jeff Stoops: On your second question, Mike, we haven't really kind of reduced that to a quantifiable number, but I would say your peak potential would be materially higher than certainly what we are expecting in 2018, and way, way, way higher than what is currently in our guidance.
Jeff Stoops: Well the Oi approval has set out certain terms which require a certain number of bond holders to convert and there's a certain amount of equity that needs to commence, so there's certain things probably that still needs to happen for everything to come out and Oi to resume operations kind of totally outside of the plan. But to have gotten this far and have a plan that is now out there and actionable and people are working on it is certainly a tremendous success and a step in the right direction. In terms of how much is left on the -- I mean that we can -- why don't we offline kind of help you figure out going back to triangulate back into 7 to 7.5 times EBITDA because that's going to get back to where, how much remaining investment capacity is left.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we're still in the relatively early innings for the 600, because there's still a fair amount of clearing that has to occur and the equipment is different, generally larger antennas in every instance new radios so that is always going to at least the way we structure our contracts is going to require an amendment where we have additional revenue opportunities. Now depending on how many radios and how many antennas, Amy, that's going to obviously dictate the final pricing, but it is going to be an opportunity, a revenue opportunity for us in every case where our towers are hit and I do believe we are in the early innings. It was a fair amount of progress made early on. I had to get T-Mobile a lot of credit. They're extremely -- they're all over this, they're working, they have a great plan. They're working hard. They execute extremely well, but there's still a lot of stuff that has to be done on the clearance side for them to get to the rest of it.
Jeff Stoops: Thank you. And, Operator, that's all for us and I'd like to tell everybody thanks for joining us and we look forward to our next call.
