Jeffrey Stoops: It's interesting. We've had -- there are two schools of thought among our shareholders. There is the spread it out evenly approach and there is the maximize the NPV approach or the maximize-out-the-returns over time. And I don't want to get too far into how things will go. That will be a one or two or perhaps something of that in the middle. In terms of T-Mobile, I mean they're smart guys. They're looking for the best results that will be a mix of financial certainty, financial results, speed and all the things that they need to do to really play for the big picture, which is the race to be ubiquitous 5G.
Jeffrey Stoops: We are here and ready to go for Dish. We've worked with them for years now. They're a very good customer and when they say they're ready to go, we are ready to go for them.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I don't think that commentary is inconsistent at all with what we're seeing now in terms of increasing applications and backlogs. So I would say that that's consistent. In terms of international, I think given the types of populations that are being served in South America and South Africa. I think, Batya, you're going to -- it's going to be largely dependent on where the virus is and what stages of lockdown and economic activity you're going to see in those markets.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. Yes, I mean, what people should take from our commentary is everything is pretty much exactly like we thought. It's just 90 days to 120 days behind where we thought it would be. And then in terms of your first question was, yes, we do expect opportunities to come out of that. I mean, fixed wireless, it's got -- in certain areas; it's going to be better for macro sites than others. I mean, some of the applications are more existing poles and not necessarily towers as much as some of the cash stuff was. But we do see opportunities there. We think that there is going to be some added benefit from there. And all of these programs, which this unfortunate COVID-19 thing, so much highlights the need for increased spending and broadband rural connectivity. We will see some incremental benefits from that in the years to come.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, that's -- your last question, Mike, is really the business model choice that needs to be made, which is one of -- there is basically three options for us, which is to be just the basic landlord and run out the pad and the -- basically the improvements and the connections. The second will be to take the middle ground and own the shell and the infrastructure, but let somebody else own the active electronics and operate them; and then the third is run the whole thing. And that's really what the data center ownership and operation is designed to allow us to when it really comes time to make that decision to be in a position to do. The other thing that we have learned is that for the folks who will be at -- and this we've learned since over the last year and it was one of the impetuses behind this recent -- our second data center purchase, is that for all the folks who are going to be customers at the edge, at the cell site, they all need and will be coming from some other larger data center repository. So, the -- it's really quite interesting how the connectivity needs to work where large storage goes to moderate size and then ultimately out to the edge, so the ultimate edge. So, the data center connections to the ultimate edge are going to be very important, and that's part of what we're working on here as well. And we want to make sure we understand and have that capability operationally down. And whether in 10 years we own these data centers, more or less, I can't tell you, but we will understand what the relationships are between the absolute edge, which is what ultimately will be our forte and the data center aggregation points along the way that will be necessary to make it all work.
Jeffrey Stoops: Brendan, I'm going to let you handle the Oi stuff. Colby, we'd rather not let leverage continue to come down, especially given the cost at which we're accessing debt and the growth that we have. We'd rather be out investing in our -- in new assets first and portfolio growth second. But we're not going to do stupid expenditures. I mean, that's always been the motto and the course of action here. So, there is a lot of things out there that we continue to look at and will be looking at, certainly enough to meet our minimum 5% portfolio growth. We certainly have the liquidity more than plenty there to accomplish that. And it is our goal and belief that we will get there, but it's got to be the right stuff.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, we're going to hard. We're going to work hard to do that. That's certainly our first choice. I don't have it in the bag today.
Jeffrey Stoops: That eight years was the mobile. We didn't even -- I mean, we didn't even work into that calculation, the wireline.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I mean, we were slightly better. I mean, you're looking at $1 million or so in the quarter of probably reduced SG&A due to things like that, but it's not overly material.
Jeffrey Stoops: Indoor. Yes, we continue to move along in that area and add a couple properties every quarter, which doesn't sound like a lot, but it's a steady growing business. And it's a much more difficult business in many respects, because it is absolutely a custom one asset at a time business. But we are very encouraged by what's going on in the CBRS auction, I think it topped $1 billion today and that means there is, from what I understand, wide interest. And I think that's going to be very good for that business.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. And on Dish, Dave, I mean our comments haven't changed. Dish has publicly said that they're doing a lot of planning and prep work this year and very little capex and spending. And we've said the same thing and there is no Dish in our guidance. But we have great relationship. We talk to them all the time. We do a lot of planning and we think we're going to, over the years, be a big help to them and a good partner to them. And it will start first with probably services on the site acquisition side of things, but we think it will certainly morph to and turn into leasing business.
Jeffrey Stoops: I was expecting when the merger was completed that they would hit the ground running in terms of applications and activity. And that -- and I was mistaken. What they chose to spend their time on was synergies and integration and getting the Dish deal done and all things, in hindsight, made tremendous sense for T-Mobile and had to be done and that's basically what has happened.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I'm not going to answer that because it will -- I don't know what it will do to the stock. I will answer the question the following. Brazil continues to be a country that has tremendous opportunity. And we're so far ahead of our operational plan there. This is all about FX in Brazil. And everything else is great. And if you look at where the things that you mentioned are and how they have affected FX in Brazil, it's been a one, two, three punch between the President down there and the pandemic. And I guess what people have to, I guess, come to a referendum on is, is this the way it's always going to be in Brazil? Is it always going to just depreciate at these kinds of levels? And if it does, then history will say that we made a mistake. It's that simple. I don't believe that. I don't believe that the economy, the people, the huge demand for wireless services, the fact that they don't have the -- they have to do all the things that made us an investor down there in the first place. And I don't believe the currency is going to continue on a one-way trip to Palookaville. And that is how we think about Brazil.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, we clearly expect to be higher at year end than we are today. But remember, our growth rate is a trailing 12-month metric. So -- and it was -- it has weakened since Q3 of last year. So, you need to expect to see that. But in terms of backlogs, we expect the end of Q3 to be better than end of Q2 and the end of Q4 to be better than in Q3.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, it's not significant. It's basically what happens when you take 90 days to 120 days' worth of activity and push it back, that's the impact on the fiscal year.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, they're coming in as expected. And remember that we did have experience with this for a while with Sprint.
Jeffrey Stoops: Great. Well, we appreciate everyone dialing in today. And on behalf of all of us here, we wish everyone stay safe, stay healthy and look forward to our next call in three months. Good bye.
Brendan Cavanagh: Colby, on your question with regard to Oi, first of all, in terms of bad debt reserves, we didn't book any material bad debt reserves in the second quarter. And then from a getting paid standpoint, they continue to pay us the full amount that they owe us. So, no issues there.
Brendan Cavanagh: Hey, Nick. It's Brendan. So, from a ROIC standpoint, we're not breaking out that information specifically, given the different maturity levels of those portfolios. But I can tell you some general directional information about it, which is -- some of it may be obvious, which is that the domestic ROIC is obviously higher than the consolidated 10.2% number that we put out, while the international was lower. But some of our more mature international markets like in Central America have current ROICs that are in the high-single digits. And in the case of certain countries like Panama actually exceed the U.S. So, the more mature markets that we've been in have been -- performed very, very well. The less mature South American markets typically have ROICs that are in the mid-single digits. We've had obviously some FX headwinds that have weighed on the Brazil numbers a little bit. But on a constant currency basis, that's up north of 9%. So, we expect, as we kind of get into a little bit more normalized time period in terms of currency, that, that number will actually show very well. So it's all gone pretty well in our markets that we've been in for a while.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So some of -- almost all of the Oi leases are leases that we acquired through leaseback scenarios. They average varying terms, but they're all quite long. So when you look at Oi mobile as a whole, the average remaining term is a little over eight years on those leases. And then we have some Oi fixed wireline leases as well that are actually north of 25 years. So, between the two, it's an extensive long time left.
Brendan Cavanagh: David, on the churn, just as a point of clarification, obviously those percentages are same-tower percentages, so they're representative of a trailing 12-month period. I think you saw a little bit of a step-up in that a couple of quarters ago. And it's really the same thing that's kind of in there that's affecting. So, we're slightly above our historical 1.5%, 1.7% and it's due to a variety of miscellaneous things. It includes a number of smaller customers that are modifying or shutting down kind of older technologies. We have a number of sites that were never on air. So, in some cases, they're not being renewed, plus there is actually still some legacy consolidation churn as well related to old vestiges of old mergers, including Verizon-Alltel, AT&T-Centennial, and all kinds of things that you've probably long forgotten about. So, it's a mishmash of different things.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Brandon, it's not -- it's not necessarily specific to T-Mobile. Obviously, most of our guidance is based on stuff that we've already signed up. So there is a portion of that includes T-Mobile, although they've been slow as we've talked about in the last few quarters. So, its contribution to the incremental growth, organic growth is limited. There is still some amount of T-Mobile contribution to our full-year organic growth number that we are including in our guidance based on activity that's happening now and we expect to happen through the balance of the year. But given the delay, it's usually between signing and commencement of revenue. It's relatively small. So, it's -- I guess if they did absolutely zero and they stop today, then there would be conceivably some minor amount of risk. But given the pace at which they're operating, that's just not likely to be the case. So we feel good about our guidance.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. So, I'll answer the second one first. We do expect it to -- we expect actually the third quarter and the fourth quarter will probably be very, very similar to each other, but they will be the low point. And obviously, they will be lower than we reported for the second quarter, which is implied in the full-year number. So you should assume somewhere probably the gross number will be closer to 5.5% or high 5% range in each of the next two quarters domestically. And then on the T-Mobile piece, the way that it was guided to previously assumed that they were active in the second quarter in signing up new leases and amendments. And given that it's in the second quarter, we expected obviously a number of those, particularly the amendments to convert to revenue producers before the end of the year, which obviously would have contributed to that growth number. The fact that there has been some delay there pushes that activity toward the latter half of the year and significantly reduces the amount of the impact of this year's financial statement contributions.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, I mean, that basically represents the reduction, the $3 million reduction that we put in our numbers.
