Brendan Cavanagh: Thank you Mark. Good evening. SBA had a solid start to the year with first quarter results ahead of internal expectations for most of our key financial metrics. Total GAAP site leasing revenues for the first quarter were $505.1 million and cash site leasing revenues were $504.5 million. Foreign exchange rates were generally in line with our previously forecasted FX rate estimates for the first quarter. They were however a significant headwind on comparisons to the first quarter of 2020, negatively impacting revenues by $12.6 million on a year-over-year basis. Same tower recurring cash leasing revenue growth for the first quarter, which is calculated on a constant currency basis, was 3.6% over the first quarter of 2020, including the impact of 2.4% of churn. On a gross basis, same tower growth was 6%. Domestic same tower recurring cash leasing revenue growth over the first quarter of last year was 5.6% on a gross basis and 3.1% on a net basis, including 2.5% churn. Domestic operational leasing activity or bookings representing new revenue placed under contract during the first quarter was modestly lower sequentially than the prior quarter. But on the heels of our newly signed agreements with Verizon Wireless and Dish, we have seen substantial increases in our domestic new lease and new amendment application backlogs. These backlog increases are supportive of significant increases in domestic operational leasing activity throughout the balance of this year. During the first quarter, amendment activity represented 77% of our domestic bookings with 23% coming from new leases. The big three carriers represented 86% of total incremental domestic leasing revenue signed up during the quarter.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Hi Spencer. It's Brendan. We did certainly expect and included in our original guidance an increasing amount of leasing activity throughout the year. The backlogs are supportive of that. And the big question mark, which we did mention in our prepared remarks, it's just simply the timing of those applications turning into signed agreements and then the next step of the signed agreement getting dates at which the rents would kick in. And so we have got certain assumptions we have made around how that's going to play out. It certainly will be increasing as we move through the rest of the year, but that was already assumed. So to the extent that we are off at all and it is a little bit faster, I guess it could be higher. But I think as we get later in the year, the potential for that to be a material impact is very limited.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So the cash taxes for the balance of the year, it's actually in part due to expected benefits that we have now from the PG&E acquisition in terms of amortization of that asset. That was not I think fully more when we gave the original guidance because that deal actually just closed right before we gave the last guidance. So that's something we are going to benefit from. Any other things that affected it are fairly minor differences in some of our international market. But PG&E was really the biggest difference.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. They are certainly going to go up. It's interesting because as a REIT, we obviously have limited federal cash taxes at any point, but there are currently state cash taxes that we do pay because we are not paying our full AFFO out as a dividend. So there is some opportunity to improve on that front. But on the other side, the more impactful thing will be our international taxes, which as we continue to grow in those markets and some of the depreciation shields run off, you will see the cash taxes in the international market decline.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. It was a little less than $2 million. It was probably about $1.8 million or so. So, it will be a little bit bigger. So yes, I mean we saw a bunch of these releases that ended right at the end of last year, beginning of this year. So that piece we already knew about and then there are some other extra pieces that we are assuming happened that may or may not, but they are relatively small.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Long term, the question I was answering was, what do we think it could get to in terms of being in a growth rate. So yes, that's a net number, but it's all --
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. But obviously in any given year, it could be higher or lower, because the Sprint churn is lumpy. So depending on the year, some years will be below that. And I guess conceivably it could be higher than that if you had really low churn and high lease up.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Hi Colby. So refi opportunities, there definitely are opportunities without doubt. We have some debt that is reaching points where it can be refinanced. And based on the current market environment, we would expect to be able to refinance it at better rates than we are currently paying on several of those instruments. So I would just say, stay tuned since we are constantly looking at that and I would expect us to take advantage of those opportunities. On the AFFO beat, I think you are referring to, basically, our increase in our outlook for, in addition to the beat. But yes, I mean, I guess they are one-timers in some sense. One of the main contributors was in the services area, which we already talked about. We actually had a very strong quarter. So the margin contribution from services was very high. That's not a recurring business. So I guess you could call it one-time. But we do expect to continue to see a similar level of activity throughout the year based on the backlog that we have. We also --
Brendan Cavanagh: We are. And that is subject to shift a little bit depending on the mix side type work versus construction. Construction is typically a little bit lower margin. But as of right now, most of the work that's happening is a lot of it's pre-construction. So I would expect that to stay similar. And as we get toward the latter part of the year, you would probably start to see more construction work and so maybe the margin starts to shift down slightly at that point.
Brendan Cavanagh: They have higher volumes. That's right. And then, other contributions on AFFO, it was a couple of different things. We obviously had a little bit better cash taxes which we talked about on an earlier question. We also had lower non-discretionary CapEx than we had expected. We even lowered our guidance for the full year slightly for that as well. So it's a mix of each of those things. And frankly on the per share number, the share buyback helped a little bit as well in reducing our share count. So a mix of all those things.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean some of it's timing related. I mean we did do well in the first quarter in certain areas like the CapEx and frankly even our SG&A costs that we expect to be, both of those items to be a little bit higher as we move through the year. So some of it's just the timing issue. But overall, we were able to improve our full year guidance, in part because of the performance in the first quarter.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean we have had periods. Obviously when you go back to the LTE upgrade, they were high. They probably were higher than they are now, although we are still building and that may very well be eclipsed in future here. But if you go back a couple of years ago when T-Mobile was particularly active, we saw some higher levels. But we are definitely at a high level by historical standards, even if it's not the highest and it's continuing to build, which is the most --
Brendan Cavanagh: On the PG&E one, I believe the contribution was somewhere between $4 million and $5 million of tower cash flow and only slightly higher on the revenue side, because the costs are very limited there. And you should pretty much double that, because it closed pretty close to the middle of the quarter.
Jeff Stoops: Thanks Mark and good evening everyone. As you heard, we had a strong start to the year with solid financial and operating results. Activities in the first quarter provides a foundation for the rest of 2021 and for the next couple of years. During the quarter, each of our largest domestic customers provided public disclosures expanding upon their 5G deployment plans making it clear with upgrades to their existing background network should be a key component of their network investment strategies over the next several years. We have begun to see direct evidence of this with significant growth in our leasing application backlogs and increasing volumes in our services business.
Jeff Stoops: So on C-Band type things, I will just speak generically, Jon. Signed leases and amendments, yes, actually installs yet, no. And you shouldn't read anything more into that other than the typical time it takes to go from execution to installation. And on the fixed escalators versus variable, I mean that's an age old question. It obviously depends on which side of the historical inflation you fall as to what you prefer. It's been discussed and in every case that I know of that the U.S. is people have landed on a fixed escalator concept. So I don't know what really to tell you beyond it's a regular topic of discussion and fixed is the way folks have gone.
Jeff Stoops: Brazil is strong still on progress. There is no question, the economy is feeling the effects like labor , employment rate Brazil is now currently around 15%. Our folks are optimistic that better times are shortly ahead. But we will need to see all that. I will say that notwithstanding the overall bleaker environment there, certainly compared to the U.S., our business and our operations continue to do just fine. So we are obviously thankful for that and communications continues to be a key need there and carriers continue to answer that need. But in general, everyone reads the same thing that I do and the same folks that I talk to, they still have some room to go in terms of improving their COVID position.
Jeff Stoops: Well, obviously, all the ones that we talked about are in use. We have interest in some of the other 28,000 that are currently not in use. And the demand has been both for amendments by existing customers and new leases. So we are pretty pleased with how things have gone the first couple of months. Justin, I think we are ready for our next question.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. Hi Mike. On the same tower growth rates, Q1 is certainly right around the trough. It's possible that Q2 also would be at a similar level based on what we have got in mind today. A lot, just as a reminder, that metric is a calculation based on the trailing 12-months. So it's really backward-looking and a lot of the significant increases we have seen in the organic leasing activity has just started to happen recently here. And so I expect that it will start to increase in the second half of the year and we will exit the year at a higher rate and frankly continue to increase as we move into next year. As far as how could it be, I can't really say for sure. I think on our previous call, we talked about on a net basis getting to mid single digits. I think that is certainly achievable. A big question mark is the timing of the churn which now leads to your third question, which is about the Sprint and T-Mobile overhang. The numbers that we gave on our previous call are still pretty much the same. We don't have, nothings occurred that would make us change our expectations. Just as a refresher, this year, we have about $8 million or so of impact to 2021 is what we are anticipating. We have already incurred a decent portion of that. So that's probably about the right number for this year. Next year is expected to be a little bit bigger, closer to $30 million of impact next year before it steps down the following couple of years to somewhere around $10 million to $15 million per year. And so we see the biggest impact potentially in 2025 and 2026. Having said all that, that's an estimate based on the timing of when those leases, the overlapping leases come up for their maturity date. It's certainly possible that T-Mobile plans will change in terms of what sites they need to keep. And so we will have to keep eyes on that and we will certainly inform you if anything changes.
Jeff Stoops: Well, it's clearly going to accelerate, Phil, as the C-Band spectrum is clear. Verizon themselves stated that one of the reasons for the team that was able to get ahead of the actual clearing and have the equipment already in place and ready to go. But I think as a practical matter, there will be a fair amount of just-in-time delivery of new C-Band equipment as it relates to when they get the spectrum cleared. And AT&T's commentary was that much of their C-Band spending is not even going to occur until beginning of 2022. So if you think what our customers have said at face value, we should move through this year and continue to grow as we move through 2022.
Jeff Stoops: I mean it could. We don't want to too far ahead of ourselves but if you take your premise of all four carriers being very, very busy, I think 2022 will be that year.
Jeff Stoops: I don't know how long to take it out, but there is nothing that we know of today as to why Q2 should be materially different.
Jeff Stoops: We historically have thought it's best for all parties to operate on a more a la carte basis, Spencer. So you are correct. Our straight line only includes the results of the term extensions. It does not include any type of use rights, because that's a different deal. And that's just the way we historically have run the business and like to do things.
Jeff Stoops: The timing is now. The primary interest right now will come from municipalities, private networks. We are actually building some school systems to help bridge the digital divide that are focused on CBRS. And while some of our cable customers are also active, I think in terms of the national wireless carriers, they are going to focus really on the mid-band and use the CBRS stuff really as more of a niche solution for them. So the biggest opportunity is really, for CBRS in particular, are with outside of the national wireless carriers today.
Jeff Stoops: Okay. The 77% and this is purely a guess, but I am going to guess it goes down as we hit year-end, mostly because all the Dish business is going to be new leases. So that's probably going to, to the extent it changes, it will be for that reason, because most of the other activity is from the other three carriers is definitely going to be amendments. And in terms of the pricing, we really never get into that. But I will tell you that based on load and usage basis, the pricing is entirely consistent with what our history has been.
Jeff Stoops: Those are actually under contract, most of those, Batya and they are mostly located internationally in existing markets of ours.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. On your last one, well, your first one, it's still not too democratically spread out. Our services revenues are still disproportionately coming from a few actors, which actually is good, because we have the opportunity to expand that base as we move through the year. In terms of your second question, we haven't really seen any supply issues yet, David. That's not to say, if somebody says that they are out there and they are, we haven't seen them yet. And in terms of what it's going to mean for us, as I think we have explained many, many times, once a lease or amendment is executed, when it actually begins to accrue revenue is the earlier of the date certain or when we actually install the equipment. So we are all rooting for fast equipment availability and dates of install that are earlier than the specified the end date in the contract. If that happens, we begin to accrue greater revenue earlier. But I mean right now, as we think about life and how this year and next year is going to play out, we are not really thinking about equipment delays.
Jeff Stoops: Well, PG&E had its own unique needs, but we have had many, frankly, inquiries from other utilities around the country.
Jeff Stoops: No. It always takes time, always takes time. I mean six months to a year to really get to the point where it's just like a home-grown asset.
Jeff Stoops: It has historically, Nick. So I would expect it to do so again. But I don't know that the magnitude will be so great that it will be like a tsunami of deals. But clearly, there will be tax sensitivity, if the capital gains rates are increased.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. The government involved in broadband and bringing broadband to more rural areas is right in the middle of that, Tim. The initial bills have been mostly focused on fiber because they are trying to establish a minimum uplink and downlink speed which for fixed wireless today is not available. And there is a tremendous amount of lobbying going on right now to basically free that money for wireless as well as fiber and that all remains to be seen. In addition, the other aspect of the legislation that's been proposed is mostly for CapEx. And we have tried to make it clear, if you are industry channels that surely not CapEx that you need, there's a lot of CapEx out here. If somehow the relief could be structured in a way that guarantees rental payments and OpEx for periods of time, then I think you really have something that's going to be impactful for our industry. So the work that we are doing so far actually has not revolved so much on any federal programs. There is an ERIC program that is for education that is federally administered that's a part of it. But mostly we have been working with county school districts and actually private funding that's interested in economic development to make this stuff happen. So we are excited about the potential. What we have done to-date hasn't really involved much of any federal funding because that cake is still not baked yet. The edge compute, it continues to be a focus of ours. I continue to think it's going to bear a lot of fruit. We actually have two new customers and two new facilities that are under construction since our last call. But what really needs to happen, right and we have been very clear on this, I think from day one is, you need to have a use case world where you need computing power right at the cell site. And we are not there yet. I think we are going to get there. But until we get there, that's when you really want to know that the edge computing opportunity is a good one that we think it's going to be.
Jeff Stoops: I don't know. I mean, we will see. It all depends on how quickly our customers want to spend. . You had AT&T saying, they are not really going to start their C-Band work until 2022. So I mean, it could be, but it also may not be.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I would disagree that we know enough now to have 2022 fully baked and compare that to what ultimately will be the full build-out plans for our customers. It's going to be multi-year. It's not just a two-year gig. And it's not even really starting until late this year at the earliest. So the more we talk, the less I am prepared to say 2022 will be the time.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I would put out our historical results as the reason why we are comfortable with that and our first quarter results and where we will be this year and where we will be next year and kind of leave it at that. In terms of your first question on density, I think we have seen enough so far to know that it's going to be fairly broad. I mean I would never tell you to count on 100% of their release. But it is going to be broad. It's going to be closer to a 100% than it is to 50%. And we won't really know, I think, until we get into it a little bit, particularly with the existing carriers as to how much new leasing will come about this because clearly they are all pursuing colocations first because that's faster, cheaper, it's just a smart way to go about it. And it will be a little bit of time before we see the demand for new leases. But it would be like anything else. I mean if the demand is good enough and there's money to be made, they are going to collocate.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I mean there is a variety of requests and equipment contents that go about this. It's not just strictly C-Band radios. A big part of this is the massive MIMO antennas. That's different than what your question was, but we are seeing a whole variety of different things here, of which really the unleashing of the C-Band has now given everybody the reason to go back to the macro networks that they knew was coming. So here we are.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. We do have an incentive, Colby. And you say deals like this. I mean this is the first global master agreement we have ever done for Verizon.
Jeff Stoops: While they do have certain time periods, which we are not going to disclose. So there's X business by Y day. And so it's broken out in more discrete periods over the contract. So there is definitely incentives and commitments to move things along during the life of the lease. In terms of the dollar volume on the backlogs, we generally internally talk about backlogs in terms of the number of amendments and the number of leases. And where we are today versus where we were a year ago, which is, remember, we hadn't even got to the T-Mobile, Sprint and maybe we just got to the finish line right about now. I mean they are more than twice the size, but it's a different time.
Jeff Stoops: Of recent times, yes. The LTE, the one thing we have made clear before is backlog from 3G to 4G, the average amendment prices was much higher, due to the heavy equipment nodes that were being added. We certainly expect volumes to rise with that. But pricing will be a little bit different this time within the less heavy additional weight loads that would be in question as part of the upgrades.
Jeff Stoops: We have a greater appetite, provided that it comes along with edge deployments at our cell sites. So as that continues to grow and as we continue to demonstrate the synergy between a regional data center and the MEC centers at our tower sites, which is what we are beginning to now experience in Jacksonville in particular, we would continue to look. We are very mindful of what we are though. We are wireless infrastructure company. And these regional data centers, if any, would be pursued only because of the success or the perceived success we will be having around the cell sites.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And on Dish, Matt, a lot of signed leases times 10 for application. So tremendous amount of activity. But whether we see revenue out of that this year will depend solely on how quickly Dish goes through the site acquisition, permitting and construction phase of things. And I can't give you anymore guestimate than what I have said because that's what it would be. That's what's going to drive revenue recognition this year, is the pace of the installs for Dish. But I mean it's all moving in the right direction.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. Thank you and thanks everyone for joining us. We think it's going to be a great year and we look forward to sharing our progress with you next quarter.
Colby Synesael: Hi. Great. Thank you. I appreciate with the Verizon MLA that there is not a use case. I am curious in deals like that, if you put in place some type of an incentive to potentially go on to X amount of their sites faster than otherwise and if, for example, they do that they get pricing lower than they might otherwise. I am just curious if there is those types of structures and deals? And then secondly --
Colby Synesael: Got it. And then secondly, Brendan, I am curious if there's any more refi opportunities? Obviously, that was nice savings. And then lastly, I am just curious what drove the AFFO beat? I think that's where in terms of revenue, EBITDA, AFFO, that's where we saw the biggest beat and if I just take your first quarter number and annualize that, that already gets me to the midpoint of your 2021 guidance. Just curious if there's anything one-time in there? Thank you.
Colby Synesael: Okay. And I mean I guess the point that I was at, when I look at your taking that number, I already got to the midpoint of your guidance. So it would seem that number should be going up through the course of the year.
