Jeff Stoops: Thanks, Mark, and good evening, everyone. Our first quarter was about a simple, straightforward and solid as we could have hoped for. We exceeded our expectations across all financial metrics. We continued to see healthy, operational leasing activity, and our services business again had another very strong quarter. While it has only been two months since our last earnings call, we feel like a lot has happened, particularly around improved clarity for the remainder of 2019. As a result, we are able to increase our full year outlook. Domestically, the strong operational leasing activity we saw in the second half of 2018 continued into the first quarter of 2019. All four major U.S. wireless carriers were active during the quarter to varying degrees with particular increases in new technology and capacity-related upgrades, pushing our amendment business to the highest quarterly contribution in over a year. We also saw continued contributions from DISH who remains busy with their Phase 1 network build-out. Our leasing application backlogs remain very strong, giving us confidence in continued steady lease-up results in Q2 and beyond. Internationally, we also had another solid leasing quarter with steady contributions across all of our markets, led once again by Brazil. The contractual revenue signed up during this quarter in our international markets came about 48% from new leases and 52% from amendments, though it continues to be very balanced between coverage builds and technology upgrades. Similar to last quarter, we had solid contributions from all four major wireless carriers in Brazil. Although, the currency has continued to weaken a little bit, operationally, we remain on target for strong growth in Brazil once again this year or, as Brendan mentioned earlier, but for the weakening of the currency, our 2018 outlook would have been increased even more. We continue to be optimistic about the opportunities that exist throughout all of our international markets. During the first quarter, we spent limited amounts of discretionary capital on new asset additions and no capital on share repurchases in the two months since our last earnings call. As a result, we saw our leverage quickly dropped to the low end of our target leverage range at 7.0x. This drop in leverage in one quarter demonstrates how quickly we can organically delever and the flexibility that exists within our capital structure. We do expect investment to increase through the remainder of 2019. We are still committed to growing our portfolio 5% to 10% this year through disciplined acquisitions and new builds. We, of course, focus on growing our portfolio throughout our existing markets, but we also regularly explore opportunities in other markets. Our focus has always been and continues to be on finding accretive tower opportunities to create shareholder value and frankly, avoiding those that do not. We believe we are very good at this, and we will continue to maintain it as a key component of our strategy. In addition, stock repurchases will also remain an important part of our value proposition. We have always been opportunistic around repurchases and did not have any of the market dislocations; we typically look for in stock repurchases so we did not repurchase any shares in the last two months. For our desire to repurchase shares under the right circumstances hasn't changed. I'm confident that we will have a nice mix of both quality portfolio additions and share repurchases throughout 2019. Our capital structure continues to be one of our greatest assets. We have significant liquidity and tremendous access to sizable incremental capital across a diverse set of financing markets. Our capital structure and industry-leading AFFO per share affords us great flexibility to use our resources to drive shareholder value in a variety of ways. In addition to tower investments and share repurchases, we continue to explore and pursue new business initiatives related to our existing businesses. These initiatives are not material today, but we are excited about the potential for the opportunities we are currently exploring. We're off to a good start in 2019 and are operationally performing at a very high level. This year, we celebrate two anniversaries: 30 years in business and 20 years as a public company. We are within striking distance of two important milestones: 30,000 sites and $2 billion in revenue. I'm very excited about what the future holds for SBA. I'd like to thank our employees and our customers for their contributions to our success. And with that, Laurie, we are now ready for questions.
Jeff Stoops: Well, ideally, we do want to keep it in the 7x to 7.5x range, Simon, but we don't want to spend money just for the sake of spending money either. And what we have not yet implemented is kind of a mechanical stock repurchase program that would be implemented just for the sake of maintaining leverage. We're hesitant to do that because we haven't had to do that frankly. We've always had the opportunity to be opportunistic around stock repurchases and we'd like to continue to believe that, that will be afforded to us by the market. In terms of the services business, we do work for all the carriers, but one of the – including a fair amount of work for Sprint, and as we noted in the press release and as Brendan said in his comments, we had to take a position on the Sprint/T-Mobile transaction. So while we expect to continue to do a lot of work right up through the end of the second quarter, at least with respect to Sprint on the services side, we're taking the position that the deal ends or the deal gets approved, rather, and that there is no more Sprint as of June 30. Now whether that happens or not, we of course don't really know, but we had to take a position for purposes of guidance, but the services business is very, very busy right now. And that has rolled into the second quarter, and that of course the combination of what we did in the first quarter where we see things today in the second quarter was the reason we were able to move the full year outlook up.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I mean, not all the customers that we're doing business are really on the 5G trail, so it's really a mix of everything. It's just a high level of activity, which is really what's also behind our leasing business.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. Some of the international markets, Jon, are ahead of Brazil slightly, now some are lagging, but the issue really is that Brazil is so much bigger than frankly any of our other markets. The thing that gives us confidence around all of the markets is they are well behind the U.S. in terms of their technology upgrades. There's still a lot of 3G work being done in some of these markets, let alone 4G and in some cases, and no 5G whatsoever. So we do think that there will be a lot of work in the future coming out of these markets. Obviously, there has to be an economy and an ecosystem to pay for all that just by carrier expenditures, but we do think that just as in the U.S., that will be the case. In terms of the mobile edge computing, we continue to take the steps to prepare ourselves for the day when there will be material revenue opportunities that come from that. We continue to believe that day will come. I can't tell you when that day will be. We've had some good traction with the one deployment that we've been working on with Packet outside of Gillette Stadium, I mean, number of folks who have come through Packet to deploy in that facility. A lot of discussion is going on, but in terms of actual material revenue production, I think we're still a bit of ways away. It's certainly not going to come in 2019.
Jeff Stoops: No. We have plenty of capital spend in that. That business has always really been governed more by the particular situation of the seller. These are all individuals who might say no three different times, and then say yes on the fourth time. So, it's – we've tried to do that. It's really not – it's not an operational issue as much as it is the seller desire issue, Jon. That may sound a little crazy, but after 15 years of pulling all the different levers, that's kind of how it goes.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, it's higher domestically, mostly due to just obviously the maturity of that. We'll had those assets for so long and we haven't decided to give those numbers out because it's a little bit immature from an international standpoint. But that's something we'll consider breaking down in the future, but higher domestically just because the international stuff is less mature.
Jeff Stoops: And yes, you got to clearly think about those things, Mike, in terms of current pricing versus price matters. Absolutely.
Jeff Stoops: Doesn't have to go much lower than it is right now. We've talked about something with the six handle on it.
Jeff Stoops: Depends on whether they bring it under their existing contract, in which event it would be an amendment or a brand-new conduct in which event would be a lease.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, the answer is yes. Well, if you look at the revenue bridge for the domestic, it implies, obviously, a higher full year number. And given where we are, it has to increase throughout the year or so we'll expect it to increase each quarter.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we don't know. I mean, we’ll have to see what comes. I mean, it's hard to – we don't really know what the plan B is if there is one.
Jeff Stoops: I don’t – no, no, no. I don't think so. Because right now our guidance assumes that basically, there's nothing else from Sprint.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, we own roughly 30%, 35% of the land, either in the form of a long-term perpetual easement or outright ownership. In terms of it going higher the interesting thing about that, it can certainly continue to move higher and we have moved it higher over the years. But as you bring in some of the international stuff, sometimes it comes in with lower numbers, so it kind of resets it and that statistic is controlling for at least 20 years. So the funny thing is you always have those that are on the border of that every year that goes by it's a year less for some of those. So they, some of them fall below it. So you're constantly having to kind of extend your way out of it. So, that's a long way of saying it can go a little bit higher. But it's hard to move that number materially when you got 30,000 sites.
Jeff Stoops: We do whether it's a purchase or an extension or an easement or some other type, of longer term entitlement. The concept still applies and we do find it interesting and beneficial. It's a little more difficult because the real estate laws are not nest and not in every case as a clear as they are in the U.S.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, on the first one, the Oi recovery was not in our original outlook. So that was a part of the increase specifically to EBITDA and AFFO. It didn't affect the lines above that and the 82%, the biggest component of the non-big four piece was DISH.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah. And on the activity levels. I mean there's activity from all big four Colby. So I don't think we agree with that description, particularly as it relates to spread. I'm not doing anything right now. I mean that's just not true. As it relates to us, on both the leasing and the services side.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah. On the carrier building sites of on their own, we have seen that in some very limited circumstances. I think some of that is for sites that the carriers view as very strategic as opposed to capital driven because there's plenty of capital chasing that and I don't know about you. But we’ll ever be able to move that back given what we see as some very funny economic new build terms, which actually is the explanation why we just don't build as many towers in the U.S. as we used to.
Jeff Stoops: Well the customers are, be similar story to the U.S. they're all active but to varying degrees. And certainly with new spectrum, there will come new opportunities for us in the form certainly of amendments and hopefully new co-locations as well. So, we always welcome new spectrum. It's not millimeter wave spectrum, which of course has a much different use. This will be a macro tower oriented spectrum. So, we hope it goes through as planned and we would expect, certainly the benefit from that.
Jeff Stoops: Well, it seems early in the sense that there's, there's still a lot to do in terms of building out the 4G and then if you believe the pondents and the technicians for everyone to have a truly a vibrant 5G product, they're all going to need to deploy some kind of massive MiMo architecture and that hasn't even really started yet. So, I think we've got a long way to go.
Jeff Stoops: I want to thank everyone for listening in to our call and we look forward to our next one when we release the second quarter results. Thank you.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. It's kind of small part of our services business. It may increase as the year goes on as a percentage of services, but I don't think it's so big that it makes a huge difference.
Brendan Cavanagh: Although in some countries, it's higher. There are individual countries where it has the highest return on invested capital.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, I wouldn't say it's getting easier. I mean, it's – there's a lot of capital and it is price competitive. You have to be very patient and you have to look hard and you have to be knowledgeable about the wheat and the chaff.
Brendan Cavanagh: No, I don't think I said that. I think we say we like to stay in our existing markets, but we’ll look everywhere that makes sense to look.
Brendan Cavanagh: I mean, it's really two – if you look at the two pieces, its services where there's an impact we assume that, that's lower in the second half of the year because there's really nothing from Sprint. I don't think that could be lower. The question is whether really it would be higher if the deal didn’t happen, and we're not sure about that. And on the leasing side, there's probably very little impact because any slowdown that might occur or increase that might occur, the deal doesn’t happen, in either case, it's not going to impact this year's numbers too much.
Brendan Cavanagh: I didn't say we're not willing to buy our stock. I said as we move through the year, I'm confident we're going to invest our capital in towers and stock.
Brendan Cavanagh: I don't see the wisdom of a one-timer, Nick, but if I’m missing something, help us figure it out. But I don't see any benefit in that.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the first one, which is the churn, it has increased a little bit. Some of that is non-big four related. We have certain customers that we've had churn-off. It's also a trailing 12-months number. My expectation is that it probably will be slightly higher later in the year, but I think it will probably come down then slightly thereafter. But our range as we've talked about historically is 1% to 1.5% for that kind of base churn. And I think, longer term that's the right range for that number. We're sort of right in the middle of it right now. On the second question, David. I'm afraid I'm a little bit, I'm not 100% sure which $10 million you're referring to. So sorry. I mean we're happy to get on the phone with you afterwards too. We can get, if there's a specific number we can, 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I mean, I can't say exactly what the number will be each quarter obviously because there's certain uncertainties as you move through the year, but based on the backlog, what we've signed up to-date and what we expect to sign up, we make certain assumptions around timing. And most of the stuff that's been signed up, we already know the timing. So, we're pretty confident when we look out at what's scheduled to commence that will have an increase in those numbers as we move through the year. As you noted, the full year number that's on the bridge sort of suggests that the number at the end of the year or for the full year, I should say a 7.9%. So if we're at 7.5% here in the first quarter to get to close to 7.9% as an average, obviously it's got to, it's got to step up 20, 30 basis points each quarter roughly on average.
Brendan Cavanagh: No, that's hard to answer, Spencer, because not every amendment that comes out of AT&T is FirstNet, they're doing a variety of all kinds of different work involving all kinds of different pieces of their spectrum. And in some cases doing FirstNet work and then coming back and do another work. So, I mean that sounds about right. It could be a little bit less, I would doubt its setting more than that.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the second one, that's really more about taxes. It's just about where we range the taxes. The share count piece affects both ends of the range. The same because we're using the same number of shares as our assumption it just negatively impacted the overall number because we assumed a higher diluted share count. But it's really, we kind of moved our own thoughts about where our taxes will be more on the low end. So that's the only difference.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the CapEx, it's basically all M&A related, there's a couple of minor little things, but it's not, there's really been no change in the overall expectations around new built for the year.
Walter Piecyk: Thanks. Domestically, your amendment to colo growth has accelerated for the last five quarters, I guess or so. Yes, it looks like five. Jeff, is that could happen throughout 2019 just sequential accelerations in that annual growth rate for the amendments to colos and escalations, I guess, just your gross growth, the 7.5 number you reported this quarter I don't know what you call it.
Walter Piecyk: I’m talking about the 7.5%, which I call it growth rate, every company call that I think something different so.
Walter Piecyk: Got you. I just – seemed like I take to the response to Phil's question was like you think the stock, you're not getting accretion. I mean, those were Phil’s words, not yours, but whatever. That the stock is at a level that dividends are preferential, but I mean, I’m just not sure what…
Spencer Kurn: Hey guys, thanks. So just wanted to follow-up on the question around organic growth domestically, accelerating for the rest of the year, as implied in your guidance. Could you just provide a little bit more color on the cadence. I know you've got, you posted really high growth in the fourth quarter of 2018 but it also sounds like you expected growth to increase every quarter throughout the year. So, any color you can provide on that would be really helpful.
Spencer Kurn: Right. Well that's sort of my question. Are you will – are we like thinking at the end of the year you’ll actually get at a higher rate than the average or is there some sort of a bell curve, overall like trend that we should expect.
Spencer Kurn: Awesome. And then just one quick follow-up if I may. FirstNet is over 50% done and the company is expecting to be, they expecting to be around 60% by the third quarter? Are you seeing a similar progress of work being done on your sites or is there sort of a lag, or any difference from your perspective of what you're seeing? Thanks.
