Jeffrey Stoops: We have not seen any changes in our escalators, and you see kind of where we are in our supplemental filing. It's always a topic of discussion, Simon, but it's not one that -- we would much rather engage on other topics. And with inflation rising a little bit and interest rates rising a little bit, the kind of arguments on either side of that kind of ebb and flow. In terms of what FirstNet looks like, I think mostly for us it will be an amendment process. It still is yet to fully take shape. I do believe AT&T should be taken at their word when they say, "We are really trying to do this as best as we can in one truck roll," so they are continuing to kind of do a lot of work on their side. There is a lot of fieldwork being done in terms of auditing the assets, figuring out exactly what is there now and what kind of space is available and then them figuring out what exactly they want to do in that one truck roll. So I think 2018 is going to be an active year for the industry and certainly for SBA in that front. But I mean, given the fact that you're talking about 700 megahertz spectrum, which promulgates pretty well, I don't know, the exact number of cell sites for AT&T, but it's pretty big, I think you're going to see certainly for us mostly amendment business.
Jeffrey Stoops: On the Argentina market, we're very excited about that market because we think it's going to be a long, long development type of market. What I mean by that is at this point, because of the way the assets have been depreciated on the carriers books down there, most people don't think that there will be sales of assets down there, Jonathan. Now I could wake up tomorrow and there will be a headline and I could be wrong, but that has been the commentary. So really what you're going to see, I think, is a lot of greenfield building. And for a big established company like ours, I think that's really where we shine. We get into these markets, and we just set up our processes and procedures, and we have the resources and the staying power to get in there and continue to grow year after year after year. I mean, Brazil is a good example of that. I think this past quarter, we've built the most towers in Brazil that we've ever built on a quarterly basis, and I think we will be reporting similar results in Argentina for years to come.
Jeffrey Stoops: I think they're to come. I mean, candidly, Q3 was pretty right down the middle of the fairway. There really wasn't any changes at all from where we ended Q2 and where we thought things would be and frankly where we see Q4 being. I think everything is building towards the FirstNet and the one truck roll and then the increased activity levels that Sprint has been talking about and the release of the macro work that hasn't really been there for the last several years. And all of that, we see it building, and we see a lot of things happening around that. But in terms of it actually starting to hit and certainly in terms of financial impact, it's not going to be until 2018. But it's all there, and it's all building.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves into 2018. But I think the commentary right now, the only changes that I would really want to point out today, and we'll obviously point them out, others as they occur, would be the expectation around FirstNet and the expectation around change, a positive change in Sprint's behavior.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I'm pretty surprised with that chatter. That deal was a surprise to the rest of the folks in the tower industry. My understanding is those aren't towers. Those are single-user rooftop sites that I don't know if they're usable by non-Sprint users. So I always kind of look at that more as a financing transaction. I could be wrong, but I don't really see that as changing the competitive dynamic. I mean, it certainly adds capital to the competitive mix, but there's always been plenty of capital chasing this industry, Amir.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, it doesn't require an MLA. If you have an MLA, you may book straight-line probably ahead of it, similar to what others did with MLAs in the past. Don't know if people should expect that or not from us. And then it's probably a lot like it always has been. I mean, depending on when you sign things up, the actual revenue accrual might lag 3 to 6 months or more. Amendments typically go faster than colos but there's always a lag period from the time you actually sign the amendment up to the time that the work gets done and the equipment gets put on the site. And I wouldn't expect that to be really any different than the typical business.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I mean, I do. Based on their commentary, I would agree with you. But I think they are going to wait until 2018 to really get going.
Jeffrey Stoops: We're looking at it and evaluating it just like we did here, Rick. And so far, we haven't concluded anything. And if we did, I mean, it wouldn't be material for a while, but we'll keep you posted.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I don't think we're going to answer the second one for competitive reasons. But I'll tell you the first one. We've been working on these transactions for most of the year. And during this time, there were a couple, three transactions that went away from us that we were interested in. And there are probably a couple more that we are aware of. But I will tell you, Matt, that none of it is so great that you shouldn't think that there isn't room for both asset growth and stock repurchases. Obviously, the numbers allocated to each will vary, but I would expect that we do a little bit of both as we move forward. Maybe some quarters we don't do one, do more of the other, as we did this year, but I fully expect to do both moving forward.
Jeffrey Stoops: We expect it to be accretive to AFFO per share growth. I believe the tenancy today is either 1.1 or 1.2 tenants per tower.
Jeffrey Stoops: We probably would be more likely to consider taking it higher for a good acquisition where we could see our way to clearly delever back within a year, less likely on the stock repurchases side of things.
Jeffrey Stoops: It's been a long year, Nick. We've been very patient and methodical in our approach, and we finally got where we needed to be.
Jeffrey Stoops: I think we're going to be most interested in those markets that have higher growth rates where we can go in and add to what we have and have it be additive and supportive of a levered capital appreciation strategy.
Jeffrey Stoops: I'm going to pun a little bit on the amendment pricing because it's going to depend a lot on is the particular tower going to include AWS-3 and WCS. I mean, in general, I do think obviously, we're going to see new radios. You got to have new radios for the FirstNet spectrum. And generally, I think you're going to see new antennas, so I think that's going to be, at worse, a good moderately sized amendment. And then it could go up from there. Brendan's looking for the answer to your second question. But on the Sprint, T-Mo, it's kind of six of one, half a dozen of the other, because the early, and obviously our stocks are all up today on the prospect of 4, staying 4. But I do think that there is -- it's not entirely that black-and-white. I do think a combination that actually is stronger with 3, where you have investment over time, where the combination of Sprint, T-Mobile, basically invest more than either of the 2 on a combined -- if you add the 2 investments up would have done before. And I actually believe that would happen at some point in the future if they get together. I think that's probably good. So I don't see this as binary as the market sees it.
Jeffrey Stoops: We have the right, Walt, to charge anytime there's any change out of equipment, whether it's bigger, smaller, fatter, skinnier. We don't typically do that. What we typically do, and this is exactly what interestingly our customers say they want, we just happen to do it, is we typically only charge additional amounts when the change takes up additional load, such as when there's a heavier or a wider antenna. Now we have the right to charge at different times, we typically don't.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, no. Anytime they're adding or changing, there's an opportunity for us under the structure of our agreements to charge something. Now whether we do or not, we look at every fact and circumstance of that particular site. So in your hypothetical, when you add or change -- any hypothetical, Walt, that you use where there's an add or a change of a radio or antenna, we could charge more, but we often don't.
Jeffrey Stoops: Based on their third quarter commentary and what we're seeing in the field and in our application pipeline.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I don't want to get that granular with either T-Mobile or Verizon. And the only reason I did with Sprint because it is such a change from their prior behavior where there hasn't really been anything over the last couple of years, but I would say that we see both Verizon and T-Mobile kind of being steady as she goes.
Jeffrey Stoops: No, I was implying that that's still to come as mostly part of this one truck roll that it will be -- we still expect to see a lot of that rolled into the one truck roll from AT&T along with FirstNet.
Jeffrey Stoops: Okay. On your first question, we have thought about that, and there are two current rumored consolidation possibilities for Oi. One would be with TIM, and that's been long rumored, and that kind of comes and goes depending on the day of the week. For that to happen, there would need to be certain regulatory changes around the concession loss in Brazil or TIM, I don't think, would be interested. If that were to happen, and I've said this many times before, I actually don't think that 4 carriers going to 3 in Brazil would necessarily be a bad thing. I think you'd have stronger customers, and as we've said many times, the need in Brazil is huge.  The only thing that's holding Brazil back is actually the strength and the cash flows of our customers because they need tremendous network investment. So the stronger they are, the more benefit, I think, we would see from that. So that's not necessarily bad. I don't know if it's going to happen or not. There would have to be particularly some regulatory changes for that to occur. And the other more recently rumored consolidation would be China Mobile coming in and looking to take over Oi, which, of course, would not be a consolidation event but you have an extremely well-capitalized new entrant into the Brazilian market, which would be good for us. Brendan, do you have the -- she's asking about the intercompany loan that changes based on the movements in the reais.
Jeffrey Stoops: I think they could be interesting for the right price. I think the biggest issue there -- well, there are 2 big issues in Africa. One is the power issue, and I do believe that the companies there have spent the last several years doing a good job of getting on top of that issue. And then, of course, you have the currency issue. Those would be the two big concerns, both of which, I think, can be solved with the right financial transaction. Africa is the kind of market that, to the earlier question that I answered, would fit within our kind of growthy type of market, that would fit well, I think, into our levered capital appreciation strategy.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, you'd always want to go in with some size and some scale if you can do it for the right financial terms. I mean, that's always the preferred approach. And that would have been the approach in Canada if it was available to us.
Jeffrey Stoops: I want to thank everyone for joining us, and we look forward to the next time we're together, which will be some time in February when we report our fourth quarter results and when we provide our initial 2018 outlook. Thank you.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Jon, on the first question, roughly half of our revenue, basically all of the Oi leases on the 3 portfolios that we bought from them, had a floor of 6.5% on the escalators.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, I mean, the acquisitions are not all in Brazil but that component of it. You're talking about adding maybe a couple of percentage points. It will have the same structure as our existing operations down there, so the expenses, the ground rents specifically, will be passed through. So we're looking at our overall international mix, which today is 17-ish, 17% to 18%, probably goes up by 2%. So I would figure Brazil, excluding pass-throughs, is somewhere around 11-or-so percent post these deals.
Brendan Cavanagh: Right. They're very immature sites. We expect them to actually grow at a faster rate than our existing legacy business. So they should be growth additive or accretive, I guess, to our growth rates.
Brendan Cavanagh: And Dave, on the newbuild question. So of the 134, 119 of those were built internationally, only 15 were built in the U.S. And of the 119, a big chunk of those, 57 of those were in Brazil. And then it was spread throughout our other markets, but the biggest contributors were Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I think in the press release, we do have it. I don't know off the top of my head, I apologize. But even that disclosure in the press release, in the press release, it says construction of new sites, the $16.8 million, that would be the cash flow that was spent during the quarter. So some of that would've been for sites that are in progress as well as the sites that got completed.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. It was one of the acquisitions that we did in Brazil. We funded it through an intercompany loan from a U.S. subsidiary to our Brazilian entity. It's denominated in U.S. dollars. And so when there are changes in the FX rate each quarter, the value of that loan or the gain or loss that exists on that loan as a result of those FX changes flows through our P&L statement. So it does cause for some funny moves up and down in terms of our P&L, but really, it's money that we owe within the SBA umbrella to ourselves.
Brendan Cavanagh: You should expect we continue to operate within our leverage target, and so that provides whatever it provides.
Richard Prentiss: One U.S., one international. Jeff, thanks for the color on FirstNet. As we think about the timing, how should we think about them ramping FirstNet, your ability to have the visibility or feel comfortable in guidance? And is it something that requires an MLA? Or just trying to think of what the kind of benefit and how we should think of it ramping throughout '18. I know you're not giving guidance, but just philosophically how it would ramp.
Richard Prentiss: Right. And AT&T sounds like they're pretty anxious to get going, and tax reform might get it even more interested, it sounded like.
Richard Prentiss: Oh, yes, no, they said January is where they'd kind of ramp-up. Okay, on the international side, Brendan, I think you mentioned that Brazil was about 13% of your cash site but 9% of your cash site ex passers. How should we think about this next wave of acquisitions? How big will Brazil come? Just trying to factor in our early thoughts on what these acquisitions might mean to the numbers.
