Jeffrey Stoops: I’ll let Brendan speak to the trends. But in terms of the percentage, about 10% of our leasing activity requires some type of augmentation. You know, most of which, historically and currently, gets reimbursed to us by the customer.
Jeffrey Stoops: I don’t think we read it that way. I think we have guided to a relatively steady full-year level of activity. And, you know, maybe walk us through your analysis, Phil, offline, but we really don’t see it. There’s certainly nothing that we know of today that would cause us to think that organic leasing demand is going to be dropping over the course of the year. We do not believe that, we think it’s going to stay strong.
Jeffrey Stoops: Certainly on the T-Mobile LTE overlay project, and as far as Sprint is concerned, yes we believe that SBA will have a bigger 2013 on this network Vision, CDMA overlays, then we will have in 2012.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I think your identification of that opportunity is absolutely correct, and it is something that, you know, could be a possibility. And rather than playing that out in public, why don’t I just say that it’s an idea that we are aware of.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I think that’s very likely. But until we actually start getting, you know, amendments on our sites, and understand what the timing of the revenue recognition is, we’re going to be very conservative around that. I mean it’s all going to happen. It’s just a question of is it Q4 or Q1 or how much in each. I will say that the activity around T-Mobile seriousness and moving forward here is pretty high.
Jeffrey Stoops: The obligation is for cash. What we actually end up doing, you know, could be a mixture of things Ric. We’re looking for a win-win situation for both SBA and ExteNet here. So, we’re going to try to stay flexible as we see where this ships out.
Jeffrey Stoops: We’re down to total item exposure is around, you know, 6%. And we believe that roughly the rest of the agreement we cut with Sprint, which is CDMA refresh across all sites and some changes in the cash escalators will approximately offset that loss. Assuming it all occurs as Sprint has the right to terminate.David Barden – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right, thanks Jeff. 
Jeffrey Stoops: You know we’re seeing some of that but we’re not seeing as much as we have in years passed where carriers were not more fully focused on overlays. I don’t think that should come to a surprise as anyone. It certainly doesn’t come as a surprise to us. It’s very logical. It actually reminds us of how Verizon handled the EVDO Rev-A upgrade and a few others handled technology upgrades in the past.  So with budgets now being directed towards getting these overlays done and getting 4G deployed on a nationwide basis, you would expect to see less brand new macro-sites, and we are. But we do think as that happens, again with history – as the overlay comes to a completion with history as our guide, we expect that’s when the macro-site capacity infill cell splitting will really pick up.
Jeffrey Stoops: You will but the reason we did not include is it when you sell that business it will get discontinued line of business sale treatment under GAAP and we probably would’ve backed that out of results anyway. I mean we’ll get the cash but it probably would not show up in our GAAP numbers because of the accounting treatment. 
Jeffrey Stoops: On the M&A, Jonathan, you know we looked at everything including those ground lease portfolios and while they’re good assets and will produce long term growth, we didn’t really see any strategic point in those portfolios. Just like we looked at everything else, it really comes down to a financial analysts and we just decided we saw better opportunities elsewhere and mobility is, you know, perhaps the best example of that.  In terms of Verizon 700 rural build out, we are seeing some activity there, you know, with some of the partners that Verizon has chosen. It’s certainly incrementally positive, but it’s not necessarily material to our results.  And international is ramping up nicely, the first quarter reflects the first full quarter of our 580 tower acquisitions that we completed in Central America in the fourth quarter. So I would say most of the increase, you know, stems from that but we’re thrilled with how International’s going in general. It’s up to 6% of revenue now, that may actually scale back a little bit as mobility enters the picture, but we expect it will continue to grow quickly and we’re excited about it and looking forward to continuing our activities.
Jeffrey Stoops: Thanks Simon. You know International expansion we continue to look for more opportunities. Our focus continues to be in the Western hemisphere, so you know, you should assume that that really leaves South America as a point of interest for us. You know, we will look outside the Western hemisphere, there are a lot of benefits for us to stay in the Western hemisphere; language, a proximity to South Florida, travel, same time zones, things like that. So I would rank that first but not necessarily the only place we’ll be looking, you know, as we move forward.  In term of mobility, while it’s early yet, you know, we’re very pleased with how things are going so far; the lease up, pipeline continues to move through, the assimilation is going well, we’ve think the assets are very good quality. And as we you know stated from the beginning with respected it’s transaction, we think these towers will be ideally situated when we get to the cell splitting capacity infill stage that we believe will follow the basic 4G overlay roll outs.
Jeffrey Stoops: I think you may see some in ‘13 – I mean, they’re going to start identify areas before that and we’ll realize – I think they’ll know where some of the needs are. The question will be where are the budget dollars? But I think that’s right, you start see it in ‘13 and then in earnest in ’14 and beyond.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, on the customer concentration, James, T-Mobile now pro forma for mobility is about 18% of our site leasing revenue. So that would be third behind AT&T and Sprint and slightly ahead of Verizon.  You know, we look at customer concentration, we think T-Mobile is in excellent credit. I think the real issue there is not credit worthiness but, you know, potential consolidation down the road, which, you know, we would certainly take into consideration as we looked at future opportunities. But as they credit, I’m not sure how you couldn’t be comfortable with T-Mobile.  In terms of BCS, you know, this ties in a little with what I said earlier about where the carriers are sending their dollars, brand new cell sites versus amendments and overlays. You know, the BCS market, particularly where it’s an RFP or competitively bid process, we do find competitive. We don’t really get most, if any, of our new builds from that type of process.  Our new builds are more relationship driven, strategically driven by our own intelligence out in the market where good spots are.  I don’t know that the economics are changing so much out there, there is, you know, again because all four carriers are now focused on amendments and overlays versus necessarily new builds, and I don’t want to overstate that because there’s still plenty of new builds going on, but to the same degree that perhaps there were a couple three years ago and we think that all comes back as, you know, you get into the cell splitting and the overlay process. So we don’t really see that as affecting us that much, again because we don’t really play in the build to suit RFP competitive bid processes.
Jeffrey Stoops: In terms of lease and Metro, Jason, Metro is I believe around 3% of site leasing revenue and I think lease is around 2.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well it's kind of like the prior question, we would take credit concentrations and customer concentrations into consideration and things that we do. You know, our leverage is back to where it was pre-Mobilitie and we did the Mobilitie transactions through a combination of debt and equity financing. And we would be looking at similarly sized opportunities the same way. We're very much focused on being around our target leverage range and not exceeding it for long periods of time, so all of that gets taken into consideration as we look at future opportunities. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, on the later one, it's not really license preservation, I think they're really going fast actually to get the stuff deployed, particularly at AT&T and Verizon. And on the equipment, I'm sure, Brett, that we are seeing repeated touches to the tower where new equipment gets added even after the first 3G or 4G installations occur. There is some fine tuning and additional equipment being added. So there really is a continuous process. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, I'll let Brendan speak to the numbers, but the point that I think is worth discussing on that topic Mike is we talk from the start of our guidance first put out in November pretty robust view of growth in 2012, and we are actually pleased to say that that continues and we continue to have a robust view for the rest of the year. So we've been really expecting this for quite some time and we actually are pretty proud of the precision by which we can guide to our expectations and actually meet those. But in terms of the organic component Brendan can you give Mike some…
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, and to be clear there is no change around our pre-Mobilitie view of lease. We view very strongly, we continue to view it strongly, and when you factor in the Mobilitie assets with the revenue share component that's where you end up. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Colby, on the ASFO guidance, the range of ASFO is really a function of several components, one being, the main one being adjusted EBITDA and the other large ones being net cash interest expense, as well as our nondiscretionary CapEx. So basically the range is set based on the size of the ranges of each of those things, and if we were at the worst end of each of those other items, we’d be at the low end of the ASFO guidance. And vice versa, if we were at the high end of all those items we'd be at the high end of the ASFO guidance. [Inaudible] is a function of those components, but we tend to focus on the midpoint as being the likely outcome and that's where we focus, and it's very unlikely that we would be $15, $16 million, which I believe is the swing to the low end from the midpoint. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Given the fact that Mobilitie is new, we're taking a bit of liberty with the range that we put out there, but you should not really take that to mean that our business is any less precisely predictable than it has been over the years. And in terms of your second question, refresh my memory, what was that one again?Colby Synesael – Cowen & Co.:  Just asking about TML and likelihood of signing an MLA…
Jeffrey Stoops: You know, a master agreement could be possible. If we can reach an agreement on all the specific terms and conditions including the specificity with which the equipment would be listed and identified, there's a lot of different moving parts in the Sprint agreement. So other than calling it a master agreement that would probably be the only similarity between the two. If we do something TML in that area it should be much more straightforward and almost single issue specific. Colby Synesael – Cowen & Co.:  Great, thank you. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, we have high hopes and expectations from that, and our ExteNet investment. I don’t think, Kevin, you know, we …
Jeffrey Stoops: Great, well, I want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to next time when we report our second quarter results. Thank you.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Jonathan, on the trends, we’re not seeing that much of a change from what we’ve seen over the past year, generally speaking, with some of the changes in the wind loading requirements. As the carriers amend their leases, we’re having to do some augmentations to bring them up to code. But that really isn’t that different now than it was a year ago because we’ve had a substantial amount of our leases upcoming from amendment activity for now the last two years.Jonathan Atkin – RBC Capital Markets:  Thank you very much.
Brendan Cavanagh: Hey David it’s Brendan. On the CapEx that guidance and our disclosure around discretionary CapEx, the discretionary cash CapEx, so the equity portion of the Mobility deal, is not reflected in those numbers.David Barden – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it.
Brendan Cavanagh: When you’re looking at the increase from last quarters’ guidance to this quarters’ guidance, which includes Mobility, there’s $850 million dollars of cash CapEx associated with the purchase price on Mobility. So, I think when you take that into account that will help you. There is no assumption around proceeds from the DAS sale netted out of there. So, this is just a pure gross CapEx without any assumptions around what we’re going to get back there.David Barden – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So, you’ve taken it out of the numbers, but you put nothing in to reflect any possible sale or other adjustment.
Brendan Cavanagh: We have slightly adjusted our net cash interest expense, which would be reduced due to the pay down with the use of some proceeds from that. But, the CapEx line would not change.David Barden – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Got it. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Those assets would be considered assets held for sale and the financial operating results would go through discontinued operation. But potentially, I mean, if it doesn’t end up getting sold it’ll come back in and we’ll have to adjust for that.
Brendan Cavanagh: Hi Jason, this is Brendan, I’ll take the guidance question. So for the full year, we've assumed mobility contribution for tower cash flow is around 44 million and adjusted EBITDA contribution of around 42 million. And our revenue contribution is approximately 77 million. The balance is primarily made of up of the new M&A that we signed up, which is relatively small. You’re looking at EBITDA, you’re talking basically about $1 million from the M&A that we’ve signed up since the last time that we gave guidance. The rest of the increases a combination of the beat in the first quarter and some other small things around organic growth. But generally it’s made up of mobility and those other two small things.  The DAS component it’s basically $16 million annually of TCF and EBITDA, and we’ve left out, you know, three quarters of that at this point, give that we close mobility at the beginning of this quarter.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean, Mike we're looking, it's changed a little bit with the Mobilitie aspect and their makeup, but we're looking at approximately 8% of organic growth and that's a combination of obviously new lease amendments as well as escalators net of turn. So we’ve historically been in the 8 to 9% range and now we're still holding in there but probably a little bit less simply because of the size.
Brendan Cavanagh: I don’t want to speak to what ExteNet is a separate and independently run company. You know, remember we’re just a minority investor that has a say but not the say on how things go. And we’re, you know, continuing to work and help ExteNet grow. And as I mentioned earlier, we do have an interest on the right terms and conditions to increase our investment. I mean you should read that as a positive relationship and a positive interest in the business segment in ExteNet going forward. You know, where and when and how that actually plays out is yet to be determined.
