Jeff Stoops: It's not despite churn, it's before churn. But it's just more activity. I mean as we have been telegraphing all year, we expected to see a pickup in those rates and remember those are trailing 12 months rates. So it's also a function of the year-ago periods not being as strong. So the comparison to the year-ago periods are in fact helping this. So, one way to look at it is we've had successive periods that were stronger than the year-ago period. Third quarter just completed much stronger than the year-ago period which dropped off stronger than the fourth quarter of last year. So you've seen just successive increases in those periods of new revenue added. But don't confuse the churn as a, we exclude the churn from the gross numbers and you can see that in the supplemental materials.
Jeff Stoops: By definition we have to be seeing more revenue added per tower for those growth rates to be increasing. So yes.
Jeff Stoops: Well Ric we had done an agreement with Sprint last year which last year, incorporated the potential for term extensions as amendments were done plus the agreements that are signed as new leases have longer term. So when we give you those 2019 numbers, it's really just to give you a guide but it's at a moment in time and so a quarter ago and when we gave it to you, it's whatever's in the system at that time but as we sign up additional amendments that extend terms or leases with longer terms, it affects that. So those numbers are going to move around a little bit. I'm sure they're going to be a little different again next quarter too. But that's one of the primary drivers.
Jeff Stoops: Well, specifically on the overlap sites, Sprint is about five years on average remaining and T-Mobile's about three years left which is not that different than the portfolio at large.
Jeff Stoops: Well as has been always the case, we would like to spend all the money on high quality portfolio growth that meets our investment goals. If we can't do that, then we turn our attention towards staying fully invested through stock repurchases. So it’s really hard to say some quarters will be more than others and we have the ability through a very decisive and promptly reactive board to kind of re-up that stock plan whenever we need to. So obviously we do it before we ran out, but I can't really tell you when that would be. And it's all going to be a function of the quality and the investment returns that we see on the portfolio side.
Jeff Stoops: I think it'll take a while. They're going to grow really fast. But it's going to be a while before they get to be 1% or 2% of revenue. We're excited about them because it's things that we're very happy with some of the early results in terms of the quality of the venues and what we think will be some very, very good results on a per project basis for us, Nick but still a long way away from being material. But these are the kind of things that you have to start at some point to get there and we're doing it.
Jeff Stoops: Hospitals, educational facilities, multi-family facilities, large retail organizations are the primary ones and then some extremely unique industrial properties would be ones that come to mind and these are all I'm being a little coy because we have some very big name brand things that we're not quite ready to talk about yet but we will hear it in the not too distant future.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, and on the backlog question Mike, in all due respect we don't want to get too much into 2019 guidance but I will tell you the backlogs domestically right now are materially similar to where they were three months ago. So, very substantial and very supportive of additional, very strong bookings.
Jeff Stoops: I don't think we know anything today, Walter, that would say there should be an abrupt change particularly given the fact that a lot of this stuff is coming from projects that are multi-year in nature. And frankly, a lot of this nice buildup that we've seen through the year and the reason you are seeing this nice step up in the growth rate as we get to the exit of the year is again frankly because the end of 2017 was not that strong.
Jeff Stoops: Well I mean the business - getting back to your first question, the work that’s coming in and that's filling the backlog today is coming from multi-year projects. No reason why there should be a calendar stop just because the calendar - just because it's December 31.
Jeff Stoops: I will tell you that a lot of our services business is predominantly weighted towards T-Mobile and Sprint. You'll see that as we file the 10-Q and things. So, that should all continue to do very well. The only thing that of course could possibly change all that would be some changes that could fall out of the announced combination. But short of that, both companies continue to work really hard and go down a path that shows no change at all based on the pending transaction. And, in terms of other folks, Simon, we are actually seeing a fair amount of activity from DISH. And that will probably be the most notable outside of the big four.
Jeff Stoops: I would say two things to that. I don't think the calculations are apples to apples, point one. And no, I don't think there's anything structurally different.
Jeff Stoops: Spencer, it's a handful of a variety of different things. We had some additional revenues that came with what we call cash basis basically have tenants that we don't book revenue on accrual basis based on a category that we put them in, that’s a little bit higher in terms of collections. We had some - a little bit of collections that were higher than what we had included in our projections from out of period billings. We had some termination fees, we had some hold over fees for customers that had canceled leases long ago but hadn't removed their equipment on time. So it's just a wide variety of stuff. But usually it's just to give you kind of perspective on it, when we project that out and we give you the bridge, we kind of use historical norms but we also are a little bit cautious because that stock is a little bit uncertain. So sometimes we have a tendency to see a little bit more than what we project out of a little bit of caution there.
Jeff Stoops: Hard to say that we've seen a tangible change there. It looks like they may be lifting the spectrum cap which could be very good for the market in terms of activity down there. We'll see the – the other thing that may happen was not going to happen certainly before the election would be the addressing of the concessions down there. That would be to happen along with the spectrum cap lifting before the any kind of large M&A or kind of structural changes can occur in that market. We believe Bolsonaro was in favor of both. So, we'll see. But the spectrum cap was positive. All that was kind of wrapped up in our comments as to why we are optimistic now that he has been elected.
Jeff Stoops: Besides just the basic raw demand. No, I don't think it's going to be anything other than just the amount of orders that ultimately come in the door.
Jeff Stoops: Well based on - I think there's still a lot of work and thought to be put into it, but I think the C-Band would be mostly have the greater macro opportunities. The CBRS will be more of a in-building perhaps WiFi substitute which is actually good because it may break through a lot of in-building resistance with owners where economics previously didn't make sense. Small cells, probably is going to benefit from both, but that's not an area that we have certainly the greatest expertise in. But as to the macro sites, probably more of the C-Band than the CBRS. But all-in-all very good for the ecosystems. The more things you have out there and the greater the money and the folks who are participating. Particularly if we can get some other players involved. Maybe some of the non-traditional, the Googles, the Amazons and these are folks who are keenly interested in the CBRS ecosystem. I think it can only be good for infrastructure as a whole.
Jeff Stoops: I'll cover the last one first. I mean, it's - we were speaking more as a whole I mean not – there's not total equality in terms of the strength amongst the big four, Jonathan and I'd prefer not to get into who's red hot and who's not. I think you can derive all that from your own readings of their CapEx report. But in terms of rooftops, you're absolutely right. But the beauty of rooftops is you can generally secure them with relationships that require little to no CapEx. But as you know return on invested capital is something we're very much focused on and you can do pretty well there with the right asset.
Jeff Stoops: Call us back tomorrow because I'm not sure I can give you a perfect answer on that. I want to make sure that I don't misspeak. Those are certainly the two predominant ones.
Jeff Stoops: I don't think anybody is re-farming any 4G because the - there's really no 5G devices or even true equipment out there yet. And my understanding is the 4G is going to sit with the 5G for quite some time so none of that yet. And our sellers are expecting changes. Sellers never expect changes but do they actually get them? I think all that is starting to work through. And it just takes time but interest rates clearly are something that we certainly take into consideration when we bid for assets. And I think other serious and disciplined buyers do as well. So it will have an impact, should have an impact, will have an impact.
Jeff Stoops: Well something where we feel after taking into account all the risks and potential negatives weighed appropriately against the potential growth in the upsize we can make a appropriate, positive spread on our way. I mean we're pretty good at this stuff in terms of operations. And we have found that particularly Latin America and South America, Brazil in particular where I think everyone has really kind of been blinded by the movements in the reals to actually how we've really what we've done down there on every other aspect. We take those things and we can take those skills to other markets. Europe for us has been a problem just because the returns haven't been there based on the competition from the European infrastructure funds who fund in euros and can borrow money at zero percent and things like that. So we'll be looking at other conceivably higher risk parts of the globe that of course would have to be carefully looked at and evaluated and would have to come with obviously double-digit plus returns for them to make sense for us. But assuming they did and we did our homework we would not be afraid to go there.
Jeff Stoops: I mean you've got to obviously have to have the right multiplicity of carriers to make the model work. It's going to be very rare if ever situation where you can go into a two carrier market. We have been able to do that Nicaragua for example and done very, very well. But that's I think much more the exception rather than the rule. So you're generally going to be looking at three-carrier market and a relatively evenly spread three-carrier market not a disproportionate three-carrier market. You're going to need - and a lot of these other markets you're going to need to understand the politics and where they all basically feeding off of the telecom industry because there's a lot of that in parts of the world and there's a lot to it, we would never take it lightly but we would never say unequivocally never. I don't think that's what our shareholders expect us to do. They expect us to get in there, do the work and make the right decision.
Jeff Stoops: Well, thanks everyone for joining us and we look forward to our next call where we will wrap up our year results and give you our 2019 outlook.
Brendan Cavanagh: They certainly represent a disproportionate amount of the churn now. So it's really a wide ranging, it's a very long list of a lot of small numbers, Nick. So it includes companies that are even paging companies, other miscellaneous broad, narrowband providers that kind of stuff. It's a lot of cats and dogs.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I think it should from the standpoint that historically, our churn level excluding these consolidations that we've had, that boosted it up, has been in the 1% to 1.25% range. Over the last year or two, it's been a little bit lower than that. But, I don't think you should assume that it - that that is the new norm. It should be somewhere in that 1% to say 1.25% probably range in the future.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes Mike on the escalators domestically they're about 3.2% approximately annually on average. And internationally they fluctuate a little bit because the Brazil piece is such a big component of it and they are obviously CPI-based and the CPI has been moving around a little bit down there. We do have some floors though on some of our leases in Brazil out of the Oi leaseback. So when you blend all that together along with other internationals, we’re close to 5% is about the average but that can move a little bit depending on how CPI moves.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, on the churn if you're talking specifically domestically, I assume you are. We've got some remaining Metro, Leap and Clearwire that will run off - we mentioned that number was about $13 million of annualized revenue that we expect we’ll lose over the next two years approximately. We have a little bit of iDEN churn in the fourth quarter. And when you kind of move away from those that's where we think roughly about 1% to 1.75% range for all other stuff basically is where we'll be. So for the time being the next so many years that's probably a reasonable level. Maybe a little bit lower in certain periods and slightly higher in others depending on timing of notices but otherwise that's where we think it'll fall out. And eventually it obviously comes down because the revenue base continues to grow. The amount of other types of leases that are turning off is naturally reducing so - but that's been our historical level and we expect it to be similar going forward.
Brendan Cavanagh: Probably not Colby. I mean it depends on what period you're talking about. I mean when we said we’re - that was the highest pickup since 2014 that is on a dollars added per site basis. So from that perspective it is what you're saying, it is more dollars signed up on a per tower basis than it has been at any time in the last year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Probably not because of rate but as we get - we're a quarter away from the calendar turn to 2019. That brings us within two years of a dividend. So as we've talked about before we're going to want to – as we enter into that period have probably a 6% handle on our net debt leverage. So we are thinking about it more today than we were a year ago and how we're going to segue into that time period but it's more because of the dividend than it is because of interest rate.
