Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, first of all, we're talking about company-wide growth rates, and you're trying to reduce it to U.S. But all the comments are around company-wide growth rates, which is why the FX [indiscernible]. That's why I gave that answer. Brendan, go ahead. You take a shot at that.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I mean, keep in mind that the growth rates that we're putting forth today are exactly what -- the same ones we've put forth a year ago, and obviously, we were very pleasantly surprised by actual results well ahead of expectations. And what drove that was all 4 carriers having fair amounts of activity and continuing to not only complete coverage, but also begin to densify their networks for capacity. All that can still be there today. The operational needs, we think, are just as strong today as they were then. I think the real issues that we're taking a conservative view on today are budgetary issues with respect to several of our clients as opposed to operational needs, which are every bit as strong as they were this time a year ago, when we were basically guiding to the same type of growth rate.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, we believe Sprint will be very active in certain markets with its 2.5G. But I don't have many -- or much more insight beyond what they've already publicly stated, which is that they're going to focus their initial efforts on certain more urban markets. And really, what we do with Sprint next year will be a function of what the geography is that they tackle on that project.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No, I'm sorry. I thought you were referring to Sprint. No, the T-Mobile actually is, as I mentioned, very active. And it's mostly with A block work, although we are just, I believe, on the cusp of starting more 700-megahertz business. And actually, that is -- we are -- within our guidance, we expect T-Mobile to be stronger; Verizon to continue with strength; and then as I mentioned earlier, a bit of conservatism around AT&T and Sprint. That's how we're viewing the 4 U.S. customers within the context of next year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, that's a difficult question to ask. I mean, ultimately, whether we're interested in any particular acquisition or not will depend on the price and the terms. And if we find that the price and the terms attractive and we can fund the transaction, stay within our target leverage levels or at least be around that such that we can easily be within them within 1 year, we will be interested in that transaction. Now at the same time, we'll be looking at stock repurchases, depending on where the price of the stock is, and evaluating one versus the other. As we have always stated, and I think our behavior has been consistent, when it's kind of a jump ball, we favor portfolio growth because we think EBITDA growth, when well executed and well priced, is the best way to create additional shareholder value.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, we still are of a mind with the 25% to 30% non-U.S. as a current limitation. Our guidance next year, about 13.5% of revenue would be in Brazil, the only real non-U.S. dollar-denominated country to speak of, so obviously well within that. So Brazil has been good. Activity levels are up. We are watching how the recent elections shake out in terms of where the country's interest rates, inflation rates, pace of investment go. But the needs for Brazil remain tremendously strong in terms of additional infrastructure. The consumers want it. The government wants it. So we remain very bullish in Brazil, and we would continue to look for additional opportunities there. And we'd also look elsewhere in the Western Hemisphere, where we're not today, particularly in South America. And I think that will be our focus for the next year as opposed to anything outside of the Western Hemisphere.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, a key issue would be how you go in: do you go in kind of de novo, where it's going to take a year? We've never actually done that. We've gone in and always had some local existing talent on the ground, where you can really get up and running quite a bit faster. As I think about the world, I think you probably would need -- right now, one of the attractions of South America for us is we can kind of share a lot of SG&A with our -- within our Latin American markets. I think you'd have to break up the rest of the world into at least 3 regions, probably each one deserving of its own mini SG&A group. And that would be Europe, Africa and Asia would be the 3 components. So we haven't gotten anywhere close to doing any of that yet. We have thought about it, of course, some. But I think the real key to answer to your question, Ric, is how you win there.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, I think it's a combination of many things. It's the ability to select assets, probably, a little bit better, given some of the very large portfolios some of our peers have bought. A lot of a building has gone on here over the years. So we had the good fortune to create a lot of our assets. And we actually bought from other people like us that were builders for the tower industry. I think we've also -- we've been very faithful to a pricing discipline over the years, where every additional incremental piece of equipment that a customer wants to put on, for the most part, we are able to monetize. And I think the combination of all those things, and plus we execute well, we really do believe that our services business and our services roots make us better operators. I think the combination of all those things adds up to the highest growth rates in the industry.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Great. Well, we appreciate everyone joining us today. And we look forward to our year-end Q4 call, which should be some time in February. Thank you.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes. So basically, David, the way that it works is we're saying we're going to have 9% to 10% growth pre-iDEN churn, and that's on a currency-constant basis. So we're in the 7% to 8% range when you back out the FX impact and the iDEN churn. As it compares to the current year, we're basically different for the reasons that Jeff mentioned, which are: the law of large numbers are just -- as we add the same amount, it's a lower percentage year-over-year; plus we are projecting 1% to 1.5% less lease-up. The other difference is basically churn. The 13% is a gross number. The 9% to 10% is net of normal churn. It's not net of iDEN, but it's net of normal churn. So really you're comparing -- 10% to 11% compares to the 13% that we had for this year.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: It's a little bit higher than that, closer to 7% for the U.S. And that would be fairly consistent because we had the iDEN -- similar iDEN churn expectations last year as we do this year. So I would say it's basically about the same as it was a year ago.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Well, our other non-iDEN churn expectations are probably slightly higher going into next year, but not really outside of the range that we typically expect. We usually see 1% to 1.5%. We have, over the last year or 2, probably been closer to 1% in actuality, and we're projecting 1.5% going into next year, but it's not a material difference.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, it a mix of a few different things. That's part of it, that we obviously have a lot more assets that need to be maintained. We're doing some work on some of our older assets to make sure that they are kept up, and we expect to anyway. So we've increased it for that. And that nondiscretionary CapEx also includes some general corporate stuff, such as IT projects and other system-related initiatives. So it's kind of a mix of all those things.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: This is probably towards the higher end of what we would expect on a run rate basis. But of course, the portfolio will continue to grow, we would expect, too. So I would imagine that would offset any less, lesser amount.
