Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. I'll jump in first, David, and Marc can add in anything that he thinks I need to -- that I missed on the financing market. The market certainly has been improving. Obviously, there's a greater expectation in terms of rates. The next financing -- the refinancing that we have to do are of ABS debt that's outstanding. And we expect to do that with a like instrument and those instruments are typically priced as a spread to treasuries. So the improved general sentiment around forward rates affects the treasuries and that obviously is helpful to the potential pricing of those financing that we have ahead. But just beyond that, there's a high demand for the type of paper that we issue. And I think there's opportunity to see that continue to improve moving forward. As it relates to the term loan that we did before, it's floating rate, so really that didn't change much and we had a hedge in place. So obviously an improving rate environment will directly help that particular instrument, particularly when the hedge falls away next year. So on the second question regarding the FX forecasting, we typically will use as we go into the year, a forward market. We'll look at what are the general consensus of projections for that year, primarily around Brazil, around all of our foreign currencies, but Brazil is the biggest one. And we will usually pay it to that. Unfortunately, those projections have not turned out to be right thus far this year, and the currency has weakened much more than was originally expected. And the rate that we're using now for the balance of the year is pretty close to spot, which is also in line generally with projections, but obviously it's an inexact science. So we would prefer to try and nail it right on and not have to change it, but that's a hard task.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. Yeah. The comment about material value enhancing, obviously that's not different than what we've done in the past. I think the key difference now is that with our leverage having come down to a much lower place, actually the lowest place it's been in our history, it allows for flexibility that if we saw something of material size that we thought would be value enhancing to be able to transact that maybe easier than it would have been in the past. But our approach is not that different. Obviously, cost of capital is higher, and so that affects what we can pay or where we see value in terms of the opportunities that are out there. But it's our goal and intention to hopefully find opportunities that are creative and add other value, even strategic value in terms of positioning to the extent it's in international markets for example. And I think you should expect that we're constantly looking and that hopefully we will find those opportunities just as we've done in the past. In terms of the where, it really depends. I mean, mostly we're focused on the markets that we're in, but we kind of scour the globe and we look at everything that's available. We look at opportunities that are in markets we're not in, because sometimes we see things that we think will fit very well and will be long-term value creating. So there's not a specific target, but to the extent that we can add in markets where we already are, there's obviously some synergies associated with the operations around that.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I think it's moving more in the right direction than it has in the past few years. Specifically internationally, I would say we're seeing that constrain meaningfully in terms of the difference between the twp. Domestically, it's probably less so, and I think that's mostly a function of just limited supply in the US. And obviously, it's kind of the prime tower market. But even in the US, I'm starting to see some indications that maybe that gap will narrow a little bit.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. Yeah. As we mentioned it at the beginning of the year on our first call of the year about our approach, that we're doing a review kind of all of our not only our international markets but all of our business lines. But specifically as it relates to our international markets, what we've determined as we kind of look through it is it definitely is an advantage to be of greater scale, to be of more relevance to your customers in the markets that you're in. And in some places we are in that position, and in other places we are not. And so, to the extent that we can solve that issue through expansion in some of those markets, we would like to do that. If we do not see a reasonable way to do that, then we may look to move on from certain markets as we've done, at least with one in the past. So we're continuing through that exercise, and even though there's no real update on that at the moment, it's not because there's no progress being made, there is in fact a lot of progress being made, but we're not at a point to be able to discuss specifics yet, but we will be down the road. So ideally, we'll look to be able to have a good scale in each of the markets that we're in, and we'll also look to be aligned with the stronger carriers that are operating in those markets as well.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I don’t -- it's not really signifying much. It is -- the mix of work that we're doing is a little bit different. It's a little more oriented towards consulting or site development services type of business as opposed to construction. So the top line volume ends up being lower, but the margin ends up being higher on that. And our outlook, although it is lowered in total for the year, and that's really based on the first half of the year, honestly, we expect the second half of the year, and it's implied in the number, to be higher in terms of the volume than the first half of the year. So I wouldn't say that it's necessarily a sign of it being more muted. I think it's just the mix of work as much as anything.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure, I just -- I'll do the second question first. I mean, we're obviously not in a position today to give outlook on 2025, so I don't really want to get into that too much. And so much of what ‘25 will look like is going to be based very heavily on what we see happen in the second half of ‘24. So I would say just hold tight and we'll see how that goes. If we don't see any real uptick in carrier spending in the second half of 2024, then it likely would not be up, but there's still a lot of that story to be written, so we'll see where it goes. On your first question on Europe, we obviously don't have any operations in Europe. So my views and opinions are based on just looking at it from the outside in. We've explored opportunities as they've come up in Europe. And I think the positives there are obviously you've got a very stable type of market in terms of currency, in terms of rule of law and regulations. It's very established. But it's also slow growth and I think there are some churn risks that exist there, particularly as you see carriers consolidating their network operations. And so, any decision to expand into Europe will be opportunity specific and dependent upon the valuation as much as anything and what we see as the specifics around that particular portfolio if we decide to go that route. So yeah, we look at everything that comes available as I said earlier and if we see something we'll explore it. And if we don't, then we're perfectly content where we're at.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. Well, it's not our intention to necessarily see it continue to go lower. That's really going to be a function of the alternative uses of capital. So I can't give you an exact number. I think depending on the opportunities that come along for investment into the business and to assets, that will be the main driver of where leverage goes. If we see an opportunity to expand in a way that we think will be value additive to us long term, then you may see leverage tick back up. If we don't see that, then leverage will probably continue to decline. Eventually, we'll have to explore what that means in terms of investment grade, but I don't think we're quite there yet.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I would not say that they are slow. I would say that nothing has been secured, certainly signed up or closed as of yet that’s of a major scale, but there are a lot of different portfolios and opportunities out there. So I think my M&A team would not agree with that it's slow because they've been very busy. But what that ends up resulting in will depend on whether we can find something we like in terms we find attractive.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I think, Ric, it's a -- obviously, we have what we have. We have a big embedded business, particularly in Brazil, and it's got that risk, and we've seen it in past cycles, too. And, of course, it's disappointing to us to have to lower outlook based solely on that particular issue. I think it does impact or influence the way that we think about the mix of our asset base and our revenue base to have something that's a little more stable. I think at the beginning of the year when we were talking about our overall goals and the way that we look at things, stability was kind of a key point in that. And obviously, this particular item introduces an element of instability that I would prefer not to have. However, we have a very good business down there. There's a lot of good things that are going on in Brazil. And so trying to navigate through the right way to reduce that exposure probably comes through increased exposure in other places that perhaps have more stable currencies. So we'll see if we can do that but I would say that it at least influences us to not get too overextended to some of these currencies that have greater volatility.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I do have that and it does vary by market and I think maybe something we can share with you offline because I don't have it right in front of me. It's kind of a mix, but I would say, this is me ballparking it based on what I've seen for each country that we've got. You're looking at somewhere in the probably 25% or less on average across all of the existing international markets that we're in.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I think that's never been a big part of our goal is to shrink through selling off assets. I think certainly, partnerships that bring in partners is a possibility that we would consider. But in terms of selling assets, I would say it's on the table, Ric, if in fact evaluations are just at a level that we believe is clearly well above the credit that we're getting for those assets, but there's a lot of logistics that we would have to work through as well. We obviously have financing structures, we have MLA agreements, we have a number of different things that would impact our ability to kind of hive off assets here in the US. But I wouldn't rule it out altogether. I just would say that it's not at the top of the list ideally.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, and maybe just one other thought on that as I'm thinking about it. We always talk about the disconnect, and I think the inference is always that the disconnect is that the private multiples are too high, I might flip that around and suggest that the public multiples perhaps are too low. So it's not -- when it closes, which way it closes will obviously have an impact on how you feel about that sort of an exit.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. I mean, we would like to do more of those certainly. I mean obviously you've seen our numbers over the last few years. They haven't been particularly heroic and a lot of that's because the carriers have tended to go to low-cost providers because that's a choice that they have because there's so much capital out there supporting this particular industry. So we would like to do more. We found a way to do that though is to secure high quality locations to get out ahead of where coverage needs are and secure those opportunities in more of a strategic manner as opposed to pure build astute, although we do some of those still. But yeah, I'd like to be more aggressive on it, for sure. I just don't know if we're going to get to numbers that really move the needle too much. In terms of our backlog and the fixed wireless access influence on it, it's hard for us to say exactly, because fixed wireless access is typically using the 5G oriented mid-band spectrum that is being deployed more broadly. And so I think to date, most of these fixed wireless subscribers have been supported through excess mid-band spectrum that's been deployed, capacity on that spectrum that's been deployed already but it's starting to get closer to a point where that's going to be harder to do because of the amount of consumption for that particular product. So I can't draw a direct line to it yet, but we see signs that the customer's networks are going to become more and more congested as a result of that product, and that ultimately is very good for us.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah it's actually Two things. It's one, they have been very active, they've probably been our most active leasing customer broadly across our international markets. But two, with the FX decline in Brazil, they are obviously a tenant there but they have a presence in a number of our other markets, so they're not as affected as some of the other carriers on that list that we share. So their percentage just by default comes up as a result of the FX shift.
Brendan Cavanagh: I mean, it could, although you're really making a little bit of a bet because if you're using the ABS market to refinance the existing ABS debt, you are using a benchmark rate that implies a certain expectation around the rate. It's not directly affected by when the Fed cuts, if they cut. So if you were to say, well, I'll hold off and take my chances and do it down the road, the revolver will be priced at a higher rate. So for the time being, you will be paying a much higher rate than you otherwise would. And so does it make sense? Plus we have other financings maturing, one big one in January and then others in January of ‘26. So you can only do that for a limited period of time. So I'm kind of inclined not to think about it that way. But the good news is, we have tremendous liquidity and we can be flexible if necessary.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. Yeah, I mean the conversation -- we're in regular conversations on a daily basis at all different levels with our carrier customers. And so, conversations cover a wide variety of topics and those certainly include the potential for larger, broader deals, but I wouldn't say that that is the sole focus for the time being. We're operating under the existing agreements that we have in place. We do have existing MLAs in place. Some of those involve a la carte type of arrangements, but they define those pretty well. So we continue with business as usual on that front and try to figure out where our customers could use our help the most in terms of their broader, bigger picture initiatives. And if that's best served through an MLA, we're open to that as a possibility. On the timing and the magnitude of the churn from the consolidations, it hasn't really changed too much. I think we tweaked our churn outlook in the US up just slightly, and that had to do basically with the timing of some of the Sprint churn being slightly earlier, but these are really fairly small changes in terms of the overall expectation, for instance, around Sprint. It hasn't changed from what we've given out in the past and I think was reiterated by Marc in his comments earlier today. And internationally, that's generally the case as well. The one thing that could change that is if we were to reach some sort of agreement, specifically with Claro around their Oi wireless overlap in Brazil that pulled forward or changed the timing for some of that, that could obviously have an impact. But as of today, it continues along the same path as we previously laid out.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, it’s -- I would say that it was across a number of our different markets. I mentioned earlier that Claro was busy. They were a big driver of that. And yeah, I can't say for sure whether it's to be sustained, but our backlogs continue to be pretty strong. And so I hope that in fact it will be. I think there's a lot to do as we look at the needs that these carriers have. It's really more of a financial question, I think, than anything else. So I think it's a good sign to see it ahead of the pace that we expected to be at, at this point. And at this point, I think that that will continue throughout the balance of the year, and we'll let you know where we are as we get into next year.
Brendan Cavanagh: I think from an operational standpoint that the scale benefits are very limited because we're pretty streamlined at this point. I think there are some certainly but I think it's relatively small part of any large scale deal that we would do here in the US. But there probably are some benefits in terms of just being able to help our customers achieve some of their broader reaching goals if we have a bigger portfolio. That does make a little bit of a difference, I think. But I don't think it's a major factor. I think ultimately they'll need the sites that they need, and we have a lot of great sites and a lot of great locations that are frankly ones that can't be duplicated. So it's something that we would think would be marginally beneficial from a strategic standpoint but marginally being the key word.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I can't give you next year's numbers at this point. I would tell you that from an application standpoint, we have seen increases. Each of the last couple of quarters, quarter-over-quarter, continues to go up, so that's a good sign. But an application doesn't necessarily tell the whole story because you have to see how that plays through and what's the level of equipment that they're installing and so forth. I do think with the increases that we're seeing in terms of interest and applications that we'll see an opportunity to have greater executions as we move through the year, particularly into next year. But there's so much that still has to be -- has to play out for us to know what that does to next year's number that -- it's premature for me to say.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I would say that it was broad in the sense that it was across the customers that make up that revenue base, although we do have certain concentrations. So obviously it's a greater absolute dollar amount from certain carriers. But there's nothing that stands out about that. It's really more, as I said earlier, it's really more about the mix of work being a little more SDS related instead of construction related.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. On DISH, there's been -- we continue to have conversations. They actually do continue to sign leases with us, but there hasn't been any material inflection in that. And we're waiting to see how their plans evolve, if they evolve. I'm sure there are conversations ongoing in terms of the deadlines around their commitments for coverage for next year, and financing, and a number of other things. But we're just here trying to be the best partner we can be to them on their needs. And they continue to sign leases in places where they need it, but it's obviously at a lower level than it was a couple of years ago. So nothing really new there. On the strategic or operational review, yeah, there's only so much I could say at this point because we've done a lot of work, but until we're ready to share with you specific takeaway, specific actions that are being taken, it would be premature for me to talk about that right now. But I do think certainly by the end of the year, I would expect that there will be a number of things that we can share.
Brendan Cavanagh: I think it will be an informed amount of risk. There's always some degree of risk, particularly when you're making decisions to invest capital and expand by buying or building new assets. So I believe that all of the learnings that we have over the years and what we've seen in each of the markets where we operate make us better informed to understand the risk that we're taking on and to manage and frankly price that in in any decisions that we make. So I don't know that it's changed a lot. I think the knowledge that we have changes every day and that informs it, but our overall risk tolerance is probably not that different, just our education is a little different.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I mean, so much of the decisions around investments in the new assets is impacted by your view of the future of those assets in the markets and what are the M&Os in those particular markets going to be doing and what are their needs going forward. And I think almost in every case, when one tower company buys a portfolio instead of another, it probably comes down typically to their view of the future. And one has maybe a slightly more favorable view than another, and therefore they are able to see their way clear to pay a little bit more. And I don't think things are any different than that today. Obviously, the cost of capital being higher makes a difference, but it's higher for everybody. And I think that's what started to normalize. It started to make its way through the system, whereas before you had certain folks who were using capital that was priced at a much lower point, and that was allowing them to continue on buying stuff at prices that were suddenly becoming not as attractive to some of us that were affected more quickly by the change in cost of capital. So I don't think it's any different. I think it's just a matter of everybody adjusting to the cost of capital and then how you see your way clear to obtain the growth necessary on the assets that you're buying.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, they change in the sense that, at a given point in time in a given market a carrier has more or less initiatives, certain specific needs. They either have them or they don't in a given window of time. But that's not really different than the history of it. It's just as cyclical in different places. So I don't think that the conversations are necessarily that different. I think when they change more meaningfully is when there's a big initiative, a big project, a new spectrum band to roll out or a particular initiative that is carrier specific and that will lead perhaps to maybe a bigger scale agreement, that sort of thing. But the conversations inform our view on where they're going and allow us to better position ourselves in order to capture a greater percentage of the business that's going to come as a result of those initiatives.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, yeah, I didn't say that we are definitely buying a material portfolio. I'd say that we are looking at all kinds of things that are available. And some of those include material portfolios. But whether those happen or not remains to be seen. So sometimes you have to be patient in terms of how you use your capital. We've in the past had people say, well, you must not like your stock because you didn't buy it this quarter. Well, that's not necessarily true. It depends on other things that are going on that take a lot longer than one or two months to determine how they're going to play out. So I think what you should expect is going forward, we will over time have a mix of all of these things. We will do buybacks, we will do debt paydowns, and we will also hopefully buy assets.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I think in the past when we first were entering certain of these markets, our view on scale was that scale is reaching a point that you cover your overhead and you produce positive EBITDA. And I think where our view has evolved is that scale is more than that. It's your relevance to the leading carriers in the market and if you don't have that and in particular international more than this is the case in the US internationally, if you don't have that the way that work is handed out, the way that carriers engage with providers, tower providers in this case, is influenced by the relative importance to their network that you represent. And so we have some places where we simply have small portfolios and there are much bigger players. And so we either need to figure out how to become a bigger player that's more relevant to our customers or we shouldn't be there.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. The opportunity for lower domestic churn, yes. I do think that excluding, of course, Sprint or any other material consolidation that might take place that we would see that number trend down over time. A lot of that was made up of stuff that was smaller companies and that kind of thing. So, I expect to see less and less of that. But we'll see as we get into next year and the years beyond. US Cellular, we have a fairly immaterial exposure. We have less than $20 million a year in revenue from US Cellular and even, obviously a smaller percentage of that overlaps with T-Mobile. So I don't think it'll be overly material, whatever happens there. And on the SG&A front, it did step down quarter over quarter, but typically the first quarter is our highest quarter because of payroll taxes and a number of other specific things. So I think we're at a fairly normal level, but over time it will probably move up with the typical cost of living type of increases that you would expect for overhead of our type.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I mean, it's hard to get too specific on all that, but just to touch on the ones that you mentioned, Tanzania, thus far has worked out extremely well. We've had tremendous growth there that we've been very pleased with from an organic leasing standpoint. Obviously, the entry price we came in was attractive and so the return on investment capital thus far has been tremendous in that market. In the case of the Philippines, it was a little bit of a totally different animal. There wasn't an acquisition there. That was almost all brand new builds. And it's really at a fairly early stage. So I'd say that so far it's gone well. The leasing has been strong, but we have a very small portfolio and they're brand new sites. So we've got to give that a little bit more time to see how it plays out.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I mean, we're a macro tower company, so that’s obviously we've spent the vast majority of our time. The other things were specific items that had ancillary strategic rationale that we were looking at, but it's not the core of what we look at.
Brandon Nispel: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Brandon, you mentioned the US increase in the -- moderate increase in new business execution. Can you comment…
Brandon Nispel: All right, so you, Brandon, you mentioned increased increase and modest increase in new business execution in the US. Can you say the same for your backlog of lease applications? Is it up or down versus this time last year? Then as we look at the guidance for the rest of the year, it looks like from a new leasing standpoint in the US, it does imply lower in the second half versus the first half. Are you at the point where you can say with confidence that leasing has troughed or is it potential that we see leasing below this $42 million level for next year based on the application pipeline that you have? Thanks.
Brandon Nispel: Got it. And could I follow up? On the services guidance cut, last year, and historically T-Mobile's been north of 70% of that business, can you say that the client and services guide was broad, meaning more than one customer, or was it concentrated in one customer? Thanks.
