Brendan Cavanagh: Good evening and thank you for joining us for SBA's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today is Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mark DeRussy Vice President of Finance, is a little under the weather today and thus will not be on this afternoon's call. However Mark will be available subsequent to the call to address any follow-up questions you may have.
Brendan Cavanagh: The third quarter results during the first half of the quarter continued to be at a similar pace to what we've seen in the first half of the year. It was only towards the end of the quarter, we started to see some of the slowdown Jeff just referred to.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, I mean we can't really get into the specifics in terms of individual dollars. The quarter was in terms of operational leasing activity, meaning new business signed up, and I'm talking just domestically here, was a little bit lower in the third quarter than it was in the second quarter, but it's not something that we would get into parsing the specifics on.
Brendan Cavanagh: No, John. At this point, we're thinking about it as the former that the focus would be on maximizing the opportunities presented by the existing investment we have around our macro sites in the related real estate and that the New Continuum investment gives us really a research and development opportunity to understand the variety of business models that may come to pass at the cell site.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah Nick on the average lease terms. I'll have to get back to you after the call with the exact number, but it's pretty extensive because most of the leases we have with them and as part of sale leasebacks are on varying schedules. But we had very long-term commitments from them that were double-digit years. So let me get the exact number based on how much time has gone by and we'll get that to you offline.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean, Ric, we look at what the, I'll say, "experts" say. I mean, all the various banks and financial institutions and economists that study that sort of thing. Unfortunately, nobody has been quite right over the last few years, but expectations are that there will be some modest improvement from where we are today. We've actually seen some improvement, just over the last week or so. But I think the more that pension reform is now kind of getting addressed and some of the other big question marks that are sort of overhangs in Brazil get settled, it will provide some stability that will hopefully go through to the exchange rates as well. I mean, from our perspective, we have what we have down there. We try to address it by being wise in terms of the timing of when we repatriate money, to the extent that we can, put expenses that we have a choice between US dollar-based and BRL-based, we try to offset our revenues with expenses in local currency. Although, we found financing options down there to now be particularly attractive in terms of pricing. So at this stage, it's a little bit limited in terms of our options to mitigate it. But, no, we watch it closely and we try to manage the timing on the repatriation of funds and one funds go down.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. On the Brazil side, I think it's more of a -- the general pension reform, some of the other austerity moves there, I think will in a long-term be healthier for the economy, which should result in a better situation for our customers and carriers, which historically in our business, it's been a virtuous cycle or circle where you've seen that lead to increased spending on the networks. But I think the bigger question that will have more of an impact is really around the stuff that Jeff discussed earlier, which is what happens with the carriers down there, is there some combination? Just the change that we mentioned around the concession rules, I think will be very positive. That's more likely to have a direct impact on our business in a positive way.
Jeff Stoops: Thanks, Brendan and good evening, everyone. The third quarter was another very good one for SBA. We delivered strong financial results in both our Leasing and Services segments and as a result, continue to deliver very healthy growth in AFFO per share. We allocated capital into new assets, share repurchases and our first cash dividend. We took advantage of the low interest rate environment with a successful new financing and we continue to work closely with our customers on their network investment plans. In the US, we are continuing to see the majority of spending around 4G densification. All 4 major US wireless carriers were active during the quarter, with the bulk of investment coming from amendments.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I think we have suggested that there has been a slowdown by any and all of, Sprint, T-Mobile and Dish, as a result of the uncertainty that is pending, because of in-decisions around the -- and uncertainty around the merger.
Jeff Stoops: We would expect the incremental year-over-year growth to probably be slightly less than it was in Q3, but in terms of activity levels and contributions not that different.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I don't think we're going to get into next year's guidance because we'll be giving that next quarter. And I do think with the pending lawsuit from the State's Attorney Generals that I believe is scheduled to start in December, we fully expect by the time we will be given our report in late February, that there will be clarity and resolution that will allow us to speak to that issue with the degree of certainty, Batya. But I can tell you that today both Sprint and T-Mobile are pretty much neck and neck in terms of sites where they're both tenants, Sprint is 6.4% of cash leasing revenue and T-Mobile is 6.5% and the Sprint leases have a remaining term of 4.6 years and T mobile leases have a remaining term of 4.3 years.
Jeff Stoops: Our comments were as to the combined magnitude of Sprint, T-Mobile and Dish and I don't really want to call out variances as amongst any one or the other.
Jeff Stoops: Well, there is a number of discussions around CBRS. So I do think there are some active interest there. Tests and uses of existing available CBRS and which may or may not lead to further interest in what ultimately gets auctioned. And as far -- so that's a positive sign as to potential additional activity for our sector. In terms of M&A activity, there is always something out there and there are a number of opportunities that we're currently looking at, which we're always looking at. So we continue to believe that we will once again have a goal for next year of at least 5% portfolio growth and we are optimistic that we'll hit it once again.
Jeff Stoops: We will look. But as we've discussed South Africa opportunity the rest of Africa is very different. We have the operational expertise and capabilities to handle it, should we find a opportunity that we like from a price and future opportunities perspective, but nothing imminent.
Jeff Stoops: Well, for a big picture perspective, Nick. As we've discussed many, many times it wouldn't be necessarily bad if four players went to three in Brazil, because we think that the overall health of the Brazilian wireless telecommunications sector would be improved by that. Depending on how things would get carved up, if they are amongst existing players there would be some consolidation, decommissioning issues which will to be tower specific and participants specific and we'd have to look at that and see how that played out. Obviously, if there were new players coming in from outside of Brazil that would definitely be a positive thing. So it's all very fact specific, but even if there were a short-term intra-country event where there was four going to three, we think over the long haul that's ultimately very positive for the health of the Brazilian wireless sector and we think long-term we would be a great beneficiary of that.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, it was probably half that a year ago, maybe 10% of those generate revenue and I wouldn't say we have unfettered rights to do whatever we want with those properties. I mean that's part of why there isn't more a higher percentage of participation, revenue participation on them and why we're more excited about CBRS, because really what we found in the -- in building area over time is, unless it's like a premier venue like a casino or a stadium, you get to venues where there is just a real economic issue as to who pays and where is the value proposition. And we believe CBRS is going to be a so much better economics solution than DAS that it's going to open up just so many more venues. So that really gets to the heart of the optimism around that.
Jeff Stoops: We are able to do that, Mike. And if you're driving at where are you in terms of 5G and if you believe that outside of the dense urban markets you need the massive MIMO type antennas, which will be primarily necessary in mid-band spectrum to effectively offer 5G service, which we are of that general belief. The only carrier that has done any of that today to a -- I won't say small degree, but certainly not to a large degree is Sprint, with the 2.5G spectrum, so if you're trying to gauge the remaining opportunity set there it's very large.
Jeff Stoops: For a while, we were seeing a fair amount of that from Sprint, and I think we will continue to see that from Sprint and we will see an even greater -- much greater dramatically greater amount of that once there is clarity around the deal and others are going to follow.
Jeff Stoops: Right now it looks like it's going to be more indoor because there are power limitations on its use, but there are petitions afoot that would change the power regulations around that spectrum that could make it a more viable outdoor use.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I mean you -- Dish has kind of gotten a free pass, right? So they don't have to do anything, nor if you were Charlie Ergen, why would you do anything until you have clarity, since you don't know whether you're deploying a narrow band or a broadband network. So I think when you kind of think through the logic of where the vast difference in the roads that some of these folks are on yes or no, merger up or down, I think that answers your question, Ric.
Jeff Stoops: You're going to see a ton of stuff happen because one road is really good, the other road is really good for activity. The problem is the two don't really overlap.
Jeff Stoops: Dish is the best example. You can't spend money on narrow band and have it work on broadband and vice-versa.
Jeff Stoops: We will be a capital provider, a network owner, we would basically take the burden off of the -- we would basically be appealing to the building owners to upgrade and offer them a solution that they would find attractive at a price point that made sense for everybody. And then it will be a recurring revenue model for us.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, that's one. Although there are also models where they just pay one fee, and if they want to -- if that's the way they want to provide their people whether it'd be a residential complex or commercial complex, Internet, for example, for a private LTE system, there might not need to be any co-location for it to be an attractive proposition.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And Brendan, in his comments raises a good point. We haven't put any fresh US dollars into Brazil probably including two years now. So everything that is really being considered is the timing of money that's coming at -- Brazil is a source of cash, not a use of cash. So what you're seeing and what's frustrating from a reporting perspective is just that. It's a reporting issue as opposed to real -- realized economic gain or loss. Yes. It's also a relative issue, I mean as the -- a lot of good things are happening in Brazil. But if the US dollar continues to strengthen relative to other currencies around the world that's -- you have a relativity issue as well there.
Jeff Stoops: We do. That's on a much more absolute basis and there is some real logical tie to the way the Brazilian currency tracks its own inflator, but not a lot of tie to how the inflator necessarily tracks relative strength with the US dollar. I mean, that's more of a wild-card.
Jeff Stoops: Good question, Walt. We actually have talked to a number of investors about that very concept, because we know Cogent has done it and we know American has done it and actually, no offense to both those companies who I respect quite a bit, but the investors didn't really seem to move one way or the other about it. So we have decided and I tried to make this clear in my comments that we will look at this once a year. So four times at one number and then look for a nice jump.
Jeff Stoops: Or in the case of starting halfway through the year, like we did this year, we'll basically be looking to revisit the dividend, every time we look at and give out guidance, which just so happens to be our next release.
Jeff Stoops: No I don't know any details about what that is. I don't know that, but I know that that's a practical discussions at these companies and they'd like to know which way they're going.
Jeff Stoops: The backlogs are relatively similar as to where they were a year ago and probably a quarter ago, materially similar. And the back -- the tower climbers situation I think is okay for the time being. But it may prove tight once there is resolution on the merger and everybody gets really cooking like I think will be the case when that happens, but we'll see. There's a lot of focus on that, lot of people are getting trained and there are a lot of initiatives underway to make sure that there are enough resources when they are needed.
Jeff Stoops: We may have in the leasing group and worked into some overall antenna and amendment configs but not that I'm uniquely aware of.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I'll take the last one first. I mean, no, all of our comments about timing and pacing are purely temporal and specifically merger-related and should be construed that this is very temporal, has nothing to that is secular or even cyclical. This is -- as soon as this uncertainty is done, this is going to really pop. That's what we believe and the conversations that are ongoing amongst everyone involved are evidence for that and we're right in the middle of all that. So, the answer as it pertains to AT&T, Colby, is no. And as far as the cable companies are concerned, yes, we have had some of those conversations. They're obviously company-specific and if you have certain agreements with certain of those roaming partners, you have a lot less flexibility than others. But I can't really get into any more specifics than that.
Jeff Stoops: No, I think you we'll have to wait and see how they do with these upcoming auctions. And then I think you have to ask that question in a year.
Jeff Stoops: Great. Well we appreciate everyone joining us for the call today and we look forward to our next call, which will be our fourth quarter and full-year guidance call. Thank you.
