Jeffrey A. Stoops: Okay. On the splits, on the new lease versus amendment revenue was approximately 80% stilted towards amendments in Q1 actual documents signed up. But our backlog has grown quite a bit on the -- on both sides, but particularly on the leasing side. And that's probably now approaching 55-45-ish, still on the amendment side, but with big gains on the full lease side of it, which gives us the perspective of around cell splitting and future business that we mentioned, Jonathan. On the decommissioning, we have a lot of towers now and we kind of took a breath in the first quarter to really to go back and take an asset optimization approach to our portfolio. And those towers were ones that were either naked or were negative cash flow, and we evaluated those and decided that we felt we'd be better off without them rather than maintaining the expense to continue to own them, and so we decommissioned them.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, yes, we're definitely seeing activity outside of the MLAs. So the MLAs that we have signed are very equipment-specific, and we have seen instances where we have those -- many instances where more equipment is being deployed. On the Clearwire side, we are seeing increasing levels of activity, which is probably a material jump from where Clearwire was a year ago, but not certainly to the contributory level of the Big 4. So while it is moving in a positive direction, I would not yet say that Clearwire is a primary driver for increases in our guidance. In fact, that's not why we increased our outlook. So we remain hopeful and optimistic that in the future, that will be the case.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, the pipeline continues to be good. What you don't see and what we don't kind of announce until it's signed is what we're working on. So we are actually working on a couple of things, which is taking some time in the first quarter, which hopefully will result in some increased numbers this time next quarter. So the actual signed and closed stuff, Rick, was, you're right. It looked like whatever we had, we kind of just replaced that and didn't add to that. But that's not really the story. The story is kind of the things that we're working on that we haven't yet got the contract. I'm going to let Brendan talk about the new build costs.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: The PCS-T-Mobile deal did close. The Metro represented slightly less than 3% of our aggregate run rate revenue. The overlapping mix there between T-Mobile and Metro where they're on the same tower, Mike, is about 1%. So we haven't seen anything yet. We may see something, but it's not going to be material. In Brazil, they're still working out exactly what the equipment sharing, network sharing means. It will mean probably something more elevated in terms of active sharing between TIM and Oi, which means we'll have to take all that into consideration as we price our product down there. In the case of Claro and Telefonica, or Vivo, it really isn't sharing of active electronics or any kind of equipment. It's really more of a tower-sharing type of agreement, which we don't think really is going to have any impact at all in terms of what we were expecting down there from those 2 carriers.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I don't think I know. I don't think they tell us when they're deploying, whether this was part of the regular rollout or part of the -- I will guess that most of the new leases, which we're seeing a nice number from AT&T and our backlog are probably VIP.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: That may be a bit higher. That maybe 50%, 55%, Jonathan. Although we don't -- because we don't really control our carriers' utilities, backhaul easement, we don't have perfect visibility, but we do try and track that. And I think that number is around 50%, 55%.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It does. It does. We're analyzing how we do that. Some of the issues involved with that -- the accounting for that is very complex. And at this point, we think it involves changing lease accounting, which has some crazy impacts that bear nothing in relation to the economic effect of what we'd be trying to accomplish there. So we're trying to sort all that through. But the big picture economic proposition there remains the same. It's something we'd be interested in purchasing and I would think something that T-Mobile might have an interest in selling. So stay tuned. We're still working on that.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, that number could increase in the out years. That's just a 2-quarter number, which is when the rights to terminate begin for Sprint as of July 1.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, the 2 deals -- and including Brazil, 3 deals, are going very well. And those 3 deals are the primary recipients of new lease activity versus amendments because they both were underrepresented relative to the rest of our portfolio with AT&T and Verizon tenancies. So that's exactly what how we had hoped it would play out, and it is playing out. And a good portion of the new lease backlog that I mentioned is around those activities. And the portfolio growth, we certainly -- there's a lot going on and we're very committed and believe that we're well going to hit the 5% to 10% portfolio growth. But as, I think, I mentioned last time, Simon, I think as far as years pass, certainly compared to last year, I believe the mix of what we're going to do will probably be more international, maybe as much as 50% of what we'd grow this year might be internationally or perhaps even a little bit more.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, there's a lot to do in the Western Hemisphere. We're still getting off the ground and running in Brazil. We have very high hopes and expectations for that market in particular.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Probably not because of the 6-month lead time that you will typically be associated with the new lease. If -- and you know this, because it's always been this way. If you don't really have your new lease signed up by September 1, it's really not going to contribute to that particular year's fiscal results. So we basically have the second quarter of lease-up that will, at least on the new lease side, that will impact the rest of 2013. So I think you're probably looking more towards the impacts from all that in 2014 and beyond. On the services side, it was a good quarter, very busy. Our backlogs today are very solid, near or at all-time highs, which gives us the confidence around increasing our outlook for the second quarter and for the full year. But services, it's a short-cycle business. You can get an order in the second month of the quarter and have it completed by the third month and impact, which is -- what happened in the first quarter where we were -- we produced results that were substantially ahead of our outlook. So it is a -- on a project basis, it's a short cycle kind of business, but given the mandates to us for entire projects, particularly from Sprint and T-Mobile, we're very confident that it's going to be our busiest year ever this year and that activity will go well into 2014. So on an order basis, it's short cycle. But if you're mandated to have the entire project, as we are in those cases, it gives you a lot more visibility.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, our agreement with Sprint allows them to deploy spectrum without an additional charge just for the sake of deploying spectrum where they own spectrum. So in fact, there was a combination there and they all -- and that DISH and Sprint became one, that would be how it worked. Now the real issue though is our agreement is also totally equipment-specific. So if new equipment, either antennas or receivers, transmitters or anything were required to submit those additional -- or to operate those additional frequencies, which has for the most part always been the case, that provides an amendment opportunity.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Acquisitions, we have remained, I think, in all cases, exactly the same as we were a couple of years ago with the exception that the reduced cost of debt has allowed us to reduce our estimates of our WAC. So we're able to basically pay more, yet get the same return spread that we've always been looking for over our cost of capital. That's really, really the only difference over the last several years.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: On the first question, it's too early to really say whether it will be at 5% or 10%. There's certainly plenty of stuff out there and plenty of time this year to achieve or even exceed the high end of the portfolio growth goal.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, we're watching the small cell business carefully. We currently have a material minority -- material for ExteNet, minority investment in ExteNet, which is really how we're approaching the deployment of small cells and seeing how that works and whether that is in fact going to prove to be a multi-tenant business model similar to towers. Beyond that though, we are starting to see a number of inquiries where customers, carriers are looking to deploy small cells on our sites. Where they have immediate accessibility, these would be hung at the 20-foot level and provide the lower coverage closer to the ground that the small cells are designed to do. So I think it's going to be definitely an active part of wireless network deployment over the next couple of years and something that we're kind of looking to play in a variety of different ways.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, I mean, I can't you give any details about ExteNet because that's not our business to do. But I would say that we are very interested and potentially increasing our interest in ExteNet and you should stay tuned as to how that might play out.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It could make a lot of sense, Jonathan, and we are considering that. And that would be something that would be entirely consistent with our investment in and agreements with ExteNet.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Great. Well thanks, everyone, for joining us. Appreciate the interest and we look forward to getting together again when we report our second quarter results. Thank you.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, Rick. It's a mix of a couple of things. It certainly is costs associated with towers that are in progress. You can't just necessarily take the CapEx that we report in a particular quarter and divide it by the number of sites that are finished in that quarter because some of the CapEx on the sites we finished was incurred previously and some of it is related to towers that aren't complete. In addition, it's a cash CapEx disclosure, so there are certain payments in the first quarter that actually related to sites completed at the end of the fourth quarter as well. It's just a timing issue. So on average, we're still seeing our costs in the $250,000 to $275,000 range domestically and much less than that internationally.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, Michael, with regard to the tax rate, I assume you're talking about changes in the federal income tax rate. Obviously, it doesn't have much of an immediate impact on us, given our net loss position and the meaningful NOLs that we have to the extent that it fluctuates meaningfully in either direction. It may extend or shorten the time period until we eventually get to where we've used up our NOLs. But at this stage, we have such a long runway, roughly 8-plus years and the view towards potentially becoming a REIT, subsequent to that, that I'm not sure that it really has much of a meaningful impact.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Colby, on the CapEx, we actually increased the full year guidance by $24 million. And it's really a mix of all the different things. We did sign up some M&A agreements. So roughly half, a little less than half of that is from new M&A deals under contract. We also outperformed a little bit our expectations in the first quarter on ground lease by us, so that carries through and is a factor contributing to the increase. And frankly, some of those costs that we talked about in the new builds earlier are also in there. So it's really across the board, but no one item is standing out.
