Mark DeRussy: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for SBA's third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we'll discuss in this call is forward-looking, including but not limited to any guidance for 2013, 2014 and beyond. These forward-looking statements may be affected by the risks and uncertainties in our business. Everything we say here today is qualified in its entirety by cautionary statements and risk factors set forth in last night's press release and our SEC filings, which documents are publicly available. These factors and others that affected historical results may affect future results, and may cause future results to differ materially from those expressed at any forward-looking statement we may make. Our statements are as of today, November 5, 2013, and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statement we may make. Our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures as defined in Regulation G. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and the other information required by Regulation G has been posted on our website, www.sbasite.com. With that, I will turn it over to Brendan to comment on our third quarter results.
Mark DeRussy: Thanks, Brendan. SBA ended the third quarter with $5.7 billion of total debt. We had cash, cash equivalents, short-term restricted cash and short-term investments of $243.3 million. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 6.7x. Our third quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 3.2x. During and subsequent to the third quarter, we paid $74.3 million in cash and issued approximately 393,000 shares of common stock to settle the warrants associated with our 1 7/8% convertible notes. We have no further obligation with regard to these notes and the related warrants. As of the end of the third quarter, the weighted average coupon of our outstanding debt is 4.3%. And our weighted average maturity is 5 years. We currently have no outstanding balance under our revolver. And the full $770 million in commitments is available to us. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the quarter, and currently have $150 million remaining under our existing $300 million authorization. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark DeRussy: Great. Thanks, Rochelle, and thank you all for joining us today with our third quarter results. And we look forward to our year-end call in February. Thank you.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Okay, good. On the pricing, first, I would certainly agree with your comment that the prices that have been paid recently certainly underscore the value that we're creating here at SBA. And it just makes our underwriting and our working to find these opportunities that much more stringent. There are still plenty of opportunities out there in both the U.S. and the international markets where we're very confident that we can pursue, hit our goals and still return double-digit IRRs in the U.S. and growing 300 to 500 basis points from there in the international markets. We have to work a little bit harder, but there's plenty of opportunities out there for us to accomplish those goals.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we think there will be more larger transactions available in the international markets where you will continue to see some carrier divestitures that, again, for the right opportunities and with the right returns, we would be interested in. We are continuing to focus our primary efforts in the Western Hemisphere, in the Americas. But having said that, Amir, if you look at what we have under contract today, and you back out 2,113 Oi towers, the rest of our backlog is all in the United States. So there remains a lot of 5, 10, 20, 50-tower opportunities, which of course has always been our bread and butter and an area that we remain very active in and expect to continue to do so.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, in general, you are -- we are able to find lower pricing on a multiple to tower cash flow in the international markets. I don't know that any one is rushing to sell today, notwithstanding some of the valuations that have been posted because while you may have that as one motivation, I think a lot of people share our views, our positive views about the future and the ability to put additional tenants and revenues on their towers. So I think it's a balance.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It's still tight. And we expect that, that will cause some of the work that our customers would've liked to have gotten done in 2014 to spill into -- or 2013 to spill into 2014. Even though we've had a record year and expect to finish with a record year in services, we could've actually done better if we had more people. I don't know how much more, but it would've been more. So you do still have some of that dynamic in the marketplace.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, you have to have good locations, Mike, whether it's urban, suburban or rural. So you might call that luck. We hope that -- experience and skill that have led us to those good sites. I think our portfolio is perhaps less urban than some others. And we have consciously -- I mean that decision and that focus goes all the way back to mid-90s when we first got into this business with the belief that the big 4 U.S. customers would deploy and provide services on a nationwide basis. And that has proven true. And that has really been, I think, a big source of our success. I mean, in terms of tenant mixes, while there's a lot of other contributors out there, smaller Internet providers, you have a fair amount of government providers in both the U.S. and the international markets. We make decisions based off where we think the primary wireless service providers in those markets will be. So in the U.S., it's the big 4. In Brazil, it's the big 4. In Costa Rica, it's the big 3. And that's how we -- that is the basis upon which we want to build a portfolio.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. I'm not exactly sure of the Verizon comments. I know that they've made comments about not selling their towers. I don't know that they've -- I have not heard that they said that they're content with their number of cell sites.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: What has happened historically is as customers have migrated and basically reduced or, in fact, turned off technologies, they keep that equipment space and use it for other equipment. So we don't really anticipate that as companies move through 2G. What they'll do is they'll redeploy equipment in those spaces that will be 4G or 4G-advanced focused.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. And I would just close by saying that the increased loads, Colby, that we're seeing on these new leases would indicate that, that is not really going to be a concern.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, it applies to all of it, Brett, and let me be real clear. Every touch of our towers that Sprint will do, whether M&A-ed or from a traditional Sprint site or a Clearwire site, we will have the opportunity to do the services work for that 2.5G installation. So that's every single one.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, let me get to that. Let me get to that. So the amendment revenue will be dictated by whether Sprint has any remaining capacity under the deal that we cut 2 years ago, the master deal that dealt with all kinds of things, including the iDEN terminations. So to the extent they have additional space that they can fit their 2.5G antennas in there, we will get the services work, but we won't get the leasing work. Now on the legacy Clearwire sites, that should result in some additional leasing revenue for us in almost every case. But we don't want to roll that in until we actually see it.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we're going to see how we do in portfolio growth. We're very committed in light of the environment in our organic growth and the debt markets to maintain target leverage at 7 to 7.5 turns. We'd like to fill that up through portfolio growth, but to the extent we conclude that we can't find the right opportunities there. We would certainly expect to turn our attention back to stock repurchases.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, there are requirements on both sides that would have some consequences if they're not met. I don't know that -- there is a -- I don't know if you're asking about a drop-dead date? There is that situation where whether they install their Network Vision upgrade or not, by a certain date, they are required to start paying the rental increase. I'm not sure if that's what you're referring to, Jonathan.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. We are very, very happy with our Mobilitie and TowerCo acquisitions, Simon, particularly in light of some of the more recent transactions that really demonstrate the value in our sector. So we think we created tremendous value there. And they both happen to be trending ahead of plan and I'm most thankful to say, and you might recall that our theory behind those transactions was, that they were underrepresented with AT&T and Verizon, and would be strong candidates for cell-splitting and capacity infill. And those towers are on a kind of a per tower basis, leading our pack in that regard. So we're extremely pleased with the way all that was going. On the REIT front, I think there are a number of good reasons to convert to a REIT. And at some point in time, we will clearly -- we will definitely be a REIT. That is our intention. I personally think that to maximize our life as a REIT, we need to be paying a healthy dividend. And while we're currently compounding our AFFO per share the way that we are, we think it makes more sense to reinvest the proceeds. And we think that currently is the better way to create shareholder value. So while I think we'll get there eventually, I'm not sure that, that REIT election or announcement similar to what our peer did is imminent from us.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we think it's going to be similar to the 9% to 10% before iDEN terminations that we're experiencing or expect to experience here in 2013.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Very little. We do have some Sprint growth in our numbers which emanates from the deal that we cut 2 years ago, where they're still deploying Network Vision equipment, and we get certain benefits and revenue recognition from that. And as Brendan mentioned earlier, I believe by the end of '14, we will start to accrue all the benefits from that transaction. So yes, we do have some of that in our guidance. But what I think is more interesting is we have seen a number of instances where Sprint has deployed new cell sites and also deployed equipment outside their allotted bucket in their agreements. And that has resulted in additional revenue opportunities for us. And we think that, that will continue into 2014.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No, I think it's a wide range of things. The customers are just very busy. And they -- I believe they'll continue to stay busy. A lot of the commentary from our customers this quarter was around investment in the network and the desire and the need to continue to invest in the network. And it's really from a whole variety of things that has call us this performance on the organic side. I wouldn't single out any one thing.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Michael, on the Sprint question, it is essentially a step function. And basically, what it amounts to is the highest potential loss in Q1, which would be a little over $2 million in the first quarter of quarterly revenue. And then you would have that loss, obviously, for the entire year. So that component of it would be $8 million of the $17 million. And then the next quarter, you'd have a loss and so on. And so the $17 million is basically the accumulation of the total revenue to be recognized -- or to not be recognized, I should say, during 2014 associated with losing those leases.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. These are some real quality towers that average probably 2.5 tenants or more a tower. So these are a little more on the pricier side because their cash flows are much greater.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: It's a little bit less, less than 100 basis points off of our range in the U.S. and probably 200, 300 maybe 400 basis points more internationally. The 9% to 10% was a blend.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And maybe I can make one comment on that just to clarify how our agreements are structured. As the carriers have migrated to the 3G and 4G technologies, they've amended existing contracts that we had that were originally in place for their 2G installation. And they don't have the ability to simply pull out their 2G equipment and reduce their rent based on the way our contracts are structured. So we have one agreement that covers their entire rights. And it's not set up with piecemeal pricing.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes, sure. Jonathan, with regard to what has happened for this year, we went into the year with an expectation of about $6 million of negative impact to our revenue numbers from iDEN churn. That was a worst-case scenario. It's going to end up approximately $4.5 million for the year based on the actual notifications we got. And that's simply because Sprint did not terminate the highest dollar leases first, although they did maximize their rights in terms of number of leases. For next year, the impact, as we mentioned, is $17.2 million on the full-year '14 guidance. And that's, again, assuming the worst case in terms of the timing and number of leases and dollar amounts or rent rates of those leases. If it turns out to be closer to the average, it would be approximately $1 million or so less than that $17 million.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And on the specific inclusion of additional Sprint POP coverage, Michael, no, we -- that really didn't go into our 2014 outlook.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes. I think, Ric, given the timing of when we would talk about fourth quarter because it's a little bit later than the typically 1 to 3 quarter calls. We probably should have some more color next time we talk.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Well, we did go down that track pretty far with LightSquared. So we had previously negotiated an arrangement where Sprint would have had that right and we would have gotten additional revenue for that. And it was equipment-specific. We had a detailed spec that we negotiated from. So the basic concept and theory is in place. And we're -- I think we'd be open and ready if that opportunity comes again, that it would clearly result in additional revenue to us because -- on the basis that Sprint would not own that spectrum.
