Brendan Cavanagh: Thank you, Mark, good morning everyone. As you saw from our press release last night, we had another very strong quarter in all areas. We exceeded the high end of our guidance for leasing revenue, tower cash flow, adjusted EBITDA and AFFO. GAAP site leasing revenues for the second quarter were $340.5 million or a 21.8% increase over the second quarter of 2013. Domestic cash site leasing revenue increased 13% to $276.6 million and international cash site leasing revenue increased 171.2% to $48.6 million. Our leasing revenue growth was driven by organic growth and portfolio growth, including our two recent acquisitions in Brazil. iDEN-related churn during the quarter had a negative impact of $1.7 million. We continued to experience strong leasing demand both domestically and internationally. Amendment activity continues to be significant and represented the substantial majority of incremental leasing revenue in the second quarter, reflecting a combination of coverage and capacity related 4G spending by our customers. The big four U.S. carriers contributed 90% of our consolidated incremental leasing revenue in the quarter. We continue to maintain leasing backlogs record levels. Tower cash flow for the second quarter of 2014 was $259 million or a 27% increase over the year earlier period. Tower cash flow margin was 79.6% compared to 77.6% in the year earlier period. Our services revenues were $43 million compared to $44.8 million in the year earlier period. Services segment operating profit was $10.9 million in the second quarter, compared to $8.9 million in the second quarter of 2013. Services segment operating profit margin was 25.4%, compared to 19.8% in the year earlier period. SG&A expenses for the second quarter were $25.4 million, including non-cash compensation charges of $6.1 million. SG&A expenses were $21.5 million in the year earlier period, including non-cash compensation charges of $4.9 million. Increases were primarily attributable to increases in employee related costs and specifically to headcount increases in Brazil. Adjusted EBITDA was $251.1 million or an increase of 27.8% over the year earlier period. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 68.2% in the second quarter of 2014, compared to 63.9% in the year earlier period. Approximately 96% of our total adjusted EBITDA is attributable to our tower leasing business. AFFO increased 31.8% to $70.6 million, compared to $129.5 million in the second quarter of 2013. AFFO per share increased 31% to $1.31 compared to $1 in the second quarter of 2013. Combined changes in the Brazilian and Canadian exchange rates during the second quarter versus our guidance, positively impacted leasing revenue by $1.3 million and adjusted EBITDA and AFFO by approximately $700,000each. Net loss during the second quarter was $9.5 million compared to a net loss of $35.9 million in the year earlier period. Net loss per share for the second quarter was $0.07 compared to a net loss of $0.28 per share in the year earlier period. Quarter end shares outstanding were 129.1 million. In the second quarter, we acquired 45 sites for $28.5 million in cash. SBA also built 51 sites during the second quarter. We ended the quarter with 22,305 sites. 15,038 of these sites are in the U.S. and its territories and 7,267 are in international markets. Total cash capital expenditures for the second quarter of 2014 were $79.1 million, consisting of $6.7 million of nondiscretionary cash capital expenditures, such as tower maintenance and general corporate CapEx and $72.4 million of discretionary cash capital expenditures. Discretionary cash CapEx for the second quarter includes $28.5 million incurred in connection with tower acquisitions, excluding working capital adjustments and paid earn-outs. Discretionary cash CapEx also included $17.4 million in new tower construction, including construction in progress and $12.4 million for gross augmentations and tower upgrades. The substantial majority of augmentation CapEx is reimbursable to us by our customers. With respect to the land underneath our towers, we spent an aggregate of $13.3 million to buy land and easements and to extend ground lease terms. Our investments in land are both strategically beneficial, and almost always immediately accretive. At the end of the quarter we owned or controlled for more than 20 years, the land underneath approximately 72% of all of our towers and 74% of our domestic towers. At the end of the quarter, the average remaining life under our ground leases, including renewal options under our control, is approximately 31 years. At this point, I will turn things over to Mark, who will provide an update on our liquidity position and balance sheet.
Brendan Cavanagh: Ric, it currently implies approximately a 10% growth rate, which is actually an increase from where we were previously. We have been a little bit higher than that in the first half of the year. We actually did take up our expectations around organic growth for the second half of the year, from where they were previously. Although, we do not have them at the same level that we actually experienced during the first half. So you can kind of think about it as close to 10.5% in the first half of the year-to-date, and closer to 9.5% for the second half of the year, blending to approximately 10%.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, we have never had perfect visibility of course Amir, because only a fraction of what the carriers report as CapEx actually goes on the towers. So I don't know that we can -- you should not take what we say as a 100% correlated indicator of what our customers are going to be doing; but I will tell you that, obviously, we are familiar with the reports and the statements of our customers. We really don't see any material change in activity levels, and obviously we don't, because we guided I think so strongly going forward. If anything, there might be a slight pull back on some new leases versus amendment activity, but the amendment activity is really a race to finish certain levels of 4G networks, we don't see that slowing down at all. So I think people should look at our guidance and say, its really not going to affect SBA.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well that will be primarily a good conversation for next quarter, when we roll out our 2015 outlook, which is where we would expect much more material contributions from those two items.
Brendan Cavanagh: David, first on the Oi deal; we have included the assumption that it will close December 1st for purposes of our guidance. We have excluded that, because we do think that that's the most likely closing date, so that's why we put it in there. So I think at this point as we sit here today, the odds are very good, that's when it will close. The impact to our guidance was approximately $4 million of incremental leasing revenue added, and closer to $2.5 million to $3 million on the TCF line.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the capacity, we have announced Oi, so that's over $500 million, and we are going to direct probably the rest of our capacity this year, Jonathan, towards cleaning up the warrants for cash. So folks should not really look for a lot of material acquisition from us, there will be some mom and pop stuff as we move through the year. But we will look to have a clean start with our capital deployments and our capacity in 2015, and we will be able to give you some more color on that next quarter when we rollout full year guidance. In terms of the growth rates, we are not going to get too granular, go country-by-country, but I will tell you that Brazil and the U.S. were higher than the 12.7 company-wide and Central America and Canada were lower.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, they continue to do well and perform ahead of plan. They continue to attract less amendments, but more than their disproportionate share of new leases.
Brendan Cavanagh: That's really around Brazil and is the flow-through effect of some large build-to-suites that we have been awarded, that I think we talked about last quarter.
Brendan Cavanagh: You can only take -- the services piece, Phil, it's approximately $38 million of AFFO is implied in our guidance, for full year AFFO. On the latter, Phil, it has been a culmination of a lot of intense analysis and modeling, and basically gets down to this, as long as there continues to be such a wide discrepancy in economics between borrowing in the U.S. and borrowing in the forward markets, we are going to stick to the U.S. funding sources.
Brendan Cavanagh: Sure. Colby, this is Brendan. On the converts, as of the end of the second quarter, you're right, it was about $379 million of principal that was left, and that will mature on October 1st, and we will settle that, at that time. There is a -- when you talk about the premium associated with it, we are fully hedged against the premium, so the actual timing of sort of experiencing that premium and paying off the principal, are not necessarily in-sync, because the premium for us is basically satisfied through settling the warrants that were sold at the time that we issued the convert. We have begun unwinding some of those warrants already, and as was mentioned in the release, we through -- into the third quarter here, have already unwound 37.5% of the warrants. So basically what this means is that, at October 1st, we will settle the remainder of the principal, $379 million, there will be no impact on the share count. We have guided to doing additional financing to clean up the rest of the warrants, so throughout the rest of the year, by the end of the year, our guidance contemplates settling all of the remaining warrants for cash, and excluding what we have already settled and announced that, based on yesterday's stock price, would be valued at approximately $605 million.
Brendan Cavanagh: Then Colby, on the share count, you asked I think an assumption of approximately 130 million, maybe slightly less than that at year end is reasonable. Shouldn't be really any different, materially different than where we are today, because the converts are not anticipated to have any impact on that.
Brendan Cavanagh: We have been doing some work around it, just to make sure that we have all of our facts ready, so that we would have the flexibility to go, whenever we feel its appropriate. We could conceivably, if we wanted to, we think we could conceivably convert effective next year, January 1. But at this point, we don't necessarily see the need to do it at that time, but we will continue to evaluate it, and remain flexible and available to do it, when the time seems right.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well we will see how the AWS turns out, and what that means. That could be a whole new flurry of amendments. We think that the 2.5G in the 700 megahertz business will all come, mostly in the form initially of amendments. We think that there is still a lot left to do by AT&T and Verizon. So while I'd be hesitant to say, it will be the same high rate, all through 2015, and looks like it will be in 2014. I think its going to be pretty strong.
Brendan Cavanagh: I think there is a couple of things where we had some benefits during this quarter. We had significant outperformance in the area of property taxes for one, and as well as maintenance costs. Some of them were just good timing, but we've also had an active program of challenging property taxes and trying to reduce those costs, so some of it would be associated with that --
Brendan Cavanagh: And of course, that's a good -- we are also obviously active in buying our own land, or doing long term pre-paid easement. So that's reducing the [indiscernible] expense.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, we have been inching it up, Ric, as we move through the year, given the outperformance. But we are -- because we have outperformed really so much in the first half, we are just a little hesitant to go to that same level, although there is nothing that we see, and no reason why we couldn't potentially do that again.
Jeff Stoops: Asset growth has always been, Ric, our top priority, and I think it will continue to be our top priority, now with the few bands around it, based on the targets and the thinking that we outlined. We will always also consider stock repurchases, if the relative value appears attractive; because we are in the midst of cleaning up the converts, and settling the converts and the warrants this year -- people shouldn't really expect, it would kind of be counterproductive to that process to be in the market, buying our stock this year. But I do expect, we will be taking a strong look at allocating capital in that direction in years to come, and it will be a question of, do we find better acquisition opportunities. I mean, the one constant that I believe right now, and you kind of run your models off this is that, we do believe that the 7 to 7.5 times target leverage level is the right spot for us to operate in. That will throw off certain amounts of additional investment opportunity, which will either go towards growth or stock repurchases.
Jeff Stoops: On the AWS-3 auctions, David, we really do not have spectrum specific charges that we would ask our customers to pay in the absence of new or changed equipment, and that has been our operating philosophy for years, it’s the one that's appreciated and understood by our customers. So what will happen or what will need to happen, and I don't have the actual specs yet of what the deployments will look like, is if the AWS-3 spectrum deployments involve new or changed equipment, we will have an opportunity to increase our leasing revenue from that, and if they don't involve those things, we will not [ph].
Jeff Stoops: So with that as your base, you have to manage then to repay that in U.S. dollars. So we kind of triangulate around leverage in U.S. dollars, we triangulate around cash interest coverage ratio in U.S. dollars. We use as kind of baseline, the fact that we want to stay in the 7 to 7.5 times leverage range, and then all of those things, we have certain goals and targets, that is what produced the 25% to 30% non-U.S. dollar denominated international target. We are very pleased with the kind of the thoughtful approach we have taken here, and I am pleased to be able to kind of enunciate it to our investors really, pretty clearly, and it has been something that we have been thinking a lot about all year long.
Jeff Stoops: To be honest with you, Simon, I haven't really dug in to the degree that we will, by the time we give our 2015 guidance, as to what the timing will be, with public safety, I don't know. I can't say yet, how much activity, if any, we will see in 2015. But stay tuned to that. Remind me to answer that question next time around. On ExteNet, they are staying very busy; volumes of small cells clearly are up from where they have been over the last couple of years. We think they are doing a good job. We are happy to be a part of it, and we will see where the future takes that relationship. But we are pleased with the way things are going.
Jeff Stoops: On your network services question Colby, if you were able, not sure it's possible, but if you were able to gather all the networks services business revenue and then look at it, it would be a good indicator of future leasing activity. In our case however, while you should expect from our guidance that we do expect strong leasing activity. Our network services business actually has a much different mix, than where we happen to be enjoying most of our incremental leasing revenue. For example, the Sprint 2.5G project is a big contributor to our services business, but not nearly to the same degree to our incremental leasing revenue. So in general as a whole, it is a correlator, but if you actually get very granular and look at our business, where it's coming from versus our leasing business, it's actually pretty different, which I think is a good sign, it shows that everybody is busy doing something.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, our plan and our expectation and goal all along here has been to cash settle these warrants, so our share count would not increase, which is why we are devoting a lot of our otherwise investable capital for the back half of the year, into settling the warrants.
Jeff Stoops: That's probably about 30% Jonathan. On Mexico, we are watching it with lot of interest. We have chosen historically to not enter Mexico up until this time, in part, based on the concentration of carriers there. So this could change all that. But just this week, some statements were made by America Movil, that we are looking to spin out and operate independently, the towers. So that would be very interesting, because if that happens, all of the sudden, you will have a very big dominant player down there, that will be -- I am sure, a strong competitor going forward. So we have to take all that into consideration.
Jeff Stoops: The amendment activity in the business that we are seeing from T-Mobile is not 700 yet. Its metro change-outs, its some other things, but its not 700 megahertz.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, we are doing work Joe around our E&P position. We have concluded, we are still years away from positivity which would be one catalyst to convert. So really our focus will remain watching the political landscape, and seeing if there is any real chance that the laws get changed. Our current thinking and the advice from a lot of folks is that, that is not going to happen. But that's something we monitor very closely.
Jeff Stoops: We picked up a quarter, this quarter, and dropped off a quarter that we had last quarter in Brazil. The only towers that we have owned down there, that go into the calculation, are our Vivo 800 towers, because those are the only ones we have owned for a full year. And the timing is such, that we just picked up a lot of business, which turned that -- those towers and that metric from a lagger to a leader, and that's why it happened. And in terms of the -- I really don't want to get in comparisons with our peers. We are seeing a tremendous amount of activity. For us its 75% amendments that we are enjoying and our revenue recognition. It’s a busy time out there, and as you could see from our guidance, we expect to continue the strength through the rest of the year.
Jeff Stoops: I guess its possible Mike. I have not seen or heard of any concrete plans for cable companies to deploy macro sites. I think of seeing the same thing you are, which is a lot of talk around Wi-Fi in the home or in the -- around the urban markets. Wi-Fi, whether its deployed by the cable companies or by anyone, wi-fi has been around for a while. It is a fixed location solution. It is not a mobility solution. So we continue to see it as part of the growing infrastructure of wireless, helps people kind of continue to get hooked on video and things like that. But its not something, that has in any way, impacted our business and I don't think it will.
Jeff Stoops: I will speak generically by region. Europe, we are not sure that the growth for the price to be paid there, based on the deals that we have looked at, is our cup of tea. Africa is an interesting market, but its still very much in development, we are watching it. But Africa adds that whole new element of operational challenge, that is not present in the western hemisphere, which is power. Lot of the African tower business is about the provision of power. So we find that different. And in, you can't really go to China, because of the way the laws work there for real estate owned companies. And in India, we have looked and we have been there, and we just -- again that is not our cup of tea. We do -- we have clearly experienced the strategic value of staying in the western hemisphere, because of where we are located in South Florida. We have a huge pool of resources that we can pull on, to deal with the Latin cultures, and the various countries. We have people now employed at SBA, that come from every single country in Central and South America, and our travel ability from here is also -- makes it much easier to operate. So that's our current thinking.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, a fair amount came from Brazil, Kevin. We continue to move up our progress curve, quite rapidly, I am pleased to say. And that is an area, where we are bringing a lot of U.S. learned experience in terms of operating efficiencies, to a market that didn't really think or pursue that before. So that has been, and I think, will continue to be a good source of margin expansion for us. The other thing about margins, and we have some of this in the U.S. with our mobility assets, but for the most part, all of our Brazil assets, the margins are actually even higher. But the way GAAP makes you account for ground leases, when they are reimbursed to you by the carrier, is you have to expense them yourself, and the you gross-up the revenue, which is obviously because its required by GAAP, how we do it. But our true economic margins are actually much higher.
Jeff Stoops: If in fact that's the way the portfolio opportunities play out, that would be true, because we do intend to stay capitalized at 7 to 7.5 times range. I do think there will be additional growth opportunities in Brazil. I think there will be some opportunities in other countries in South America that we are not currently in. So I think, folks should expect a mix of those capital allocations in the future, but our bias will be continued portfolio of growth, in markets we want to be in, but we are not going to just grow the portfolio, obviously for the sake of growing the portfolio, to the exclusion of stock repurchases, which we think, if well executed against our high quality assets, will be a good source of shareholder value creation for years to come.
Jeff Stoops: I doubt, Spencer, and this is a preview of the 2015 guidance. I doubt we are going to project that we are able to continue to reduce that cost line in absolute dollars. I think, we certainly would expect to continue to project margin expansion. But not sure, we will be able to actually reduce absolute dollars going forward.
Jeff Stoops: Sure. Okay, well that is all for this quarter. We appreciate everyone's attention, and we look forward to our next results.
