Mark DeRussy: Good evening and thank you for joining us for SBA’s third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we will discuss on this call is forward-looking, including, but not limited to, any guidance for 2022 and beyond. In today’s press release and in our SEC filings, we detail material risks that may cause our future results to differ from our expectations. Our statements are as of today, October 31 and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statements we may make. In addition, our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures and other key operating metrics. The reconciliation of and other information regarding these items can be found in our supplemental financial data package, which is located on the landing page of our Investor Relations website. With that, I will now turn it over to Brendan to discuss our third quarter results.
Mark DeRussy: Thanks, Brendan. We ended the quarter with $12.4 billion of total debt and $12.1 billion of net debt. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 6.8x below the low end of our target range. Our third quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 5.3x, equaling the last two quarter’s all-time high. Subsequent to quarter end, we used cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility to fund the GTS acquisition closing. As a result, as of today, we have $995 million outstanding under our $1.5 billion revolver. The current weighted average interest rate of our total outstanding debt is 2.9%, with a weighted average maturity of approximately 4 years. The interest rate on 90% of our current outstanding debt is fixed. During the third quarter, we did not purchase any shares of our common stock as we allocated capital for the closing of the Brazilian acquisition. We currently have $504.7 million of repurchased authorization remaining under our $1.0 billion stock repurchase plan. The company’s shares outstanding at September 30, 2022 were 108 million compared to 109.5 million at September 30, 2021, a reduction of 1.4%. In addition, during the quarter, we declared and paid a cash dividend of $76.7 million or $0.71 per share. And today, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a fourth quarter dividend of $0.71 a share, payable on December 15, 2022 to our shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 17, 2022. With that, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark DeRussy: It will be a mix of both. We have, as you probably have noticed from our prior ABS financings where we have the opportunity to raise more than the amount to be refinanced, we have been rated for issuance well above 640. We are trying to figure out exactly how far above that that we go. So, there will be some reduction in the revolver from that, and then the rest of it is going to occur pretty quickly from cash flow.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, I will take the last one first, Jon. We are still at least with respect to SBA and its assets in the capacity stage and the overlay and the initial deployment of mid-band spectrum. While we fully expect densification to come, capacity for us continues to be the current driver. Now, we take that as a good thing, because that really just lengthens out the extent of the activity timeline for us. In terms of seller expectations, they are changing some. They have not fully reset to the degree that the public company multiples have compressed. What that means for SBA is there will be a lot of things that we take a pass on unless the price is right. We loved what we did in Tanzania. We loved what we did in GTS. There is a lot of things that we passed on because those expect – there is still a gap in those seller expectations. But they have started to move actually down.
Jeff Stoops: We like build-to-suits provided they are the right terms. Tuck-in acquisitions and, for that matter, new markets would all fall into kind of the same comment I made about finding things that are right for us. And we’re only going to do things if we believe that it’s right for us from a price and a growth perspective. And as – if we do things great, if we don’t, you’ll see what happened in the third quarter, which is that we de-lever pretty quickly until we do see those right capital allocation opportunities.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I don’t know. Brendan, correct me if I’m wrong, but I don’t know that we’ve had any changes in the book-to-bill.
Jeff Stoops: And on the Edge business, Mike, we’ve actually seen some great progress, but it’s still – it’s great from where we started, which was, of course, at zero. But it’s not really material. I would say we probably have either in operation or under construction 30 to 40 of these facilities. And the primary demand for them has been Edge computing and fiber and cable regeneration. But what we found to be the key to success in this area is really the state of and the location of the tower site because where it’s ready to go and it’s close to or on top of existing fiber makes all that much more attractive. So on an absolute basis, yes, we’ve seen a lot of growth. On a financial basis, it’s still, of course, very small. But we’re encouraged by what we’ve seen.
Jeff Stoops: No, because it’s still small. What I will tell you, though, is that we’re really happy with the incremental return on invested capital for these projects. And at its core, that’s what I think you have hired us to do. So we’re very happy with that. And as long as we can make that return on invested capital, albeit small, perhaps for a little while, we’re going to keep doing it.
Jeff Stoops: Well, keep in mind, because of the nature of the business, where you sign things up today, but you don’t begin to recognize revenue until later that we’re today already shaping next year’s financial results. So that’s a point of confidence. The other thing I would say is that we track to the tower which of our customers have upgraded their mid-band spectrum on our sites. And the number is actually fairly low across the board for us at this point. And our customers will do what they will do. But knowing what this means for them in terms of the amount of the money, frankly, for first of all, that they spend on the spectrum the – at least as reported, competitive differences between some of them from a spectrum perspective and others, where they are on our towers and the fact that the CapEx numbers that you get from them are extremely broad. We feel next year is going to be pretty good.
Jeff Stoops: But then – but keep in mind, we’re going to be producing over $1 billion of AFFO. We don’t have another debt instrument due until October of 2024. So we’re going to be in great shape. We’re going to have capital to invest and it’s either going to get – we’re either going to see value in portfolio acquisitions based on my earlier comments. We may or may not. We are going to be – continue to be opportunistic around stock repurchases or third and I would say this is somewhat unlikely given the first two, you are going to see a big decline in our leverage ratio.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, I don’t want to get too granular. All of the – well, let’s say, T-Mobile, Verizon and AT&T all still have work to do with us based on our analysis of where they are with their mid-band spectrum. Some of those are further ahead than others. And I think the answer to that question has been well reported. And then Dish has really got a lot of business signed up, and their focus right now is getting all that on air to meet the June 2023 requirements, which based on everything we can tell, they are in a very good position to do. And then we expect them to come back and begin to work on the 2025 requirements. So while it’s varied landed in terms of which of those are busiest, and I don’t think they want me actually commenting on that. I will tell you that there is a high level of business from all of them. And they all, at least based on our analysis, still have a lot to work, a lot of work left to do on our portfolio.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, they are not – at that size, they are not being sold on a traditional data center power basis. A lot of the uses today are for regeneration of signal for cable and fiber companies. And that’s not really how that’s priced and sold.
Jeff Stoops: The most populated of the carriers would be in their satisfaction rate on our towers would be in the 50%ish range and others are below that.
Jeff Stoops: Probably. Probably not. Probably it’s all going to be based on the way the equipment looks. And based on your description of the third alternative lower band, deeper lower band, I mean, as you’re describing it, I’m envisioning that’s going to be the most intensive on the equipment side. So they would be based on that, Walt, as opposed to the fact that they are transmitting their own. I mean, even though CBRS is shared and not necessarily owned, we wouldn’t differentiate somebody’s use of CBRS versus their use of their own spectrum, I don’t believe. I don’t think we ever have put it that way.
Jeff Stoops: We are always in discussions with Charter and Comcast. But I would say that those scenarios that you lay out, for my personal opinion, I think they are still somewhat in the future.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. And in terms of services, I mean we have a backlog that supports a fourth quarter performance similar to what we enjoyed in the third quarter. That’s not what we have guided to because we exceeded our expectations so greatly in, Q3 and Q4 has some holidays and all that. And in terms of next year, we really wouldn’t hazard a guess until we have the benefit over the next four months or five months prior to when we give out full year 2023 guidance.
Jeff Stoops: We are seeing definitely some inflationary pressure there, Nick. And we are going to be giving out average compensation increases next year at a higher rate than we have given in the last couple of years. But when you look at – I think we are – our SG&A is only like 6% cash, cash SG&A, 6% of revenue. I mean it’s just – it just really doesn’t matter on the overall financial numbers. But we would be lying to you if we said that we were immune to that kind of stuff. But for us, it’s just so much smaller of a percentage than it is for a lot of other companies.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I mean I will take the latter question first. And Brendan, you can do the American churn. We are executing very well, Greg, on both the traditional permitting and zoning side of the business, as well as the construction side. So, the margin differential that you saw years ago between those two lines of our services business, they are not exactly the same, but the gap has closed tremendously. So, we still get a better margin on the zoning and the permitting side of things than we do on the construction. So, the mix of that will impact the margins. But I mean I don’t think it’s going to be a hugely different margin next year. I think based on the way the work will flow and how we expect things to come in for business that has – I mean the first business that we typically see for any kind of new interest is going to be on the zoning and permitting side. So, I think it’s not going to change a whole lot.
Jeff Stoops: There really hasn’t been a change there. I mean clearly, we have maintained our target but have operated almost entirely at the low end now for some time. And I think that’s going to continue to be the case, if not dropping below. But the dropping below, if that happens, is going to be more a function of our dissatisfaction with poor capital allocation opportunities and some financial theoretical belief that this is the optimum leverage level given our access to capital. And one of the thing, and you may be driving at this, Dave, we are not going to turn into a high dividend relative to AFFO company. We just don’t think that’s the right thing to do. We will grow our dividend probably as faster, faster than well, certainly our peers and maybe anybody else in the REIT industry as we have the last couple of years. But it’s still going to be lower as a percentage of AFFO because we like the flexibility that it provides.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we all know that Lula is left of Bolsonaro, but he has gotten elected by a coalition of not only the more left us, but also some more centrist populations as well. At the same time, if Lula got elected President, the Congress down there got actually more to the right. So, you are going to have a classic draw between the President and between Congress, and Congress has a lot of power in Brazil. So, I think for us, it’s going to continue to be kind of a good business environment without a lot of policy changes. That’s – I mean I think the whatever – and I don’t know that he would have proposed anything. But assuming, for hypothetical purposes, that Lula proposed some things that would be very much to the left and detrimental to business, I don’t think that’s going to happen because of the Congress.
Jeff Stoops: I am glad you asked that question because when we are conveying good feelings about next year, it’s exactly around that number for 2022. That same calculation and that same thing that we will be posting when we start our bridge for next year – next earnings release, that’s really what we are speaking to. So, I think I just answered your question.
Jeff Stoops: Not really because the rate of currency movement has largely been matched off by the CPIs in those countries.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. In terms of our backlog for leases, new leases and amendments, we are just a tad off of where we were at the end of second quarter, which was one of the highest that we have had in many, many, many years. So, we are still looking at a very, very strong backlog, which just underlies a lot of our optimism going forward. And Brendan, I am going to let you handle the second question.
Jeff Stoops: Well, I mean there is going to be a forward curve out there. I mean we do planning around those things because nobody has an accurate crystal ball on that. We rely on the published consensus forward curve [ph].
Jeff Stoops: Great. Thanks Carolyn and thank you all for joining us. We look forward to our next release in February, where we will talk about 2023 and happy Halloween.
Brendan Cavanagh: Nothing material. I will say that actually, if you noticed on our bridge for domestic contributions from new leases and amendments that we did up that contribution for 2022, it was 66 last quarter and 67 now. And that change is really largely due to a slight acceleration in timing, and that’s mostly around amendments that just kicked in a little bit quicker than we had projected. But it’s a pretty small change relative to the big picture. I don’t think there is been any material move in that you would point out.
Brendan Cavanagh: The one that’s getting paid off is just below 3.5%. So you should expect that, that will be significantly higher.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, it depends on the size and the scale, obviously. Deployment there for something along the lines of what Jeff described, you’re looking at somewhere in the $100,000 range. But if we do a bigger, more fulsome Edge, it compute through data center where it’s a bigger operation, it can be as much as $400,000 or $500,000.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. GTS, the numbers aren’t any different than what we gave last quarter. So, the total revenue on an annualized basis is expected to be approximately $72 million. The impact from the pull forward of closing a little bit early was about $3 million.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. It was – almost all of the jump is related to Q3, I would say. And it is related largely – it’s a variety of things. But cash basis revenues, a portion of that, a big chunk of that is related to what we might call holdover fees, extra fees that are paid for somebody staying on the tower that’s coming off, but they stay longer than they should. It also includes internationally payments from Digicel. We mentioned Digicel is a big contributor to the churn number internationally, which they are, but they have actually continued to make a number of payments. And so those payments are showing up basically in other now.
Brendan Cavanagh: We are largely uncapped. I am trying to think if there are any, there may be one or two somewhere out there. But for the most part, it’s not capped.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. And then Greg, on the international churn piece, I would expect that the next couple of quarters, few quarters probably, will be in a similar range in terms of that percentage that you are looking at because of the timing of when some of the stuff started. The one thing I would also caveat about next year is just, this obviously only takes into account what’s happened now, and there is – the one big thing that’s out there that we are in the midst of conversations about is related to the Oi consolidation in Brazil. And as of today, there is nothing to report on that. But as we continue to have conversations, depending on where those end up, that may influence what next year’s numbers look like.
Brendan Cavanagh: And all of our revenues in those countries are escalated based on CPI. There will be some minor exceptions to that plus or minus. But in general, that relationship has helped.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Brendan, we do think that it will remain a primary source of funding for us. Our ability to tap into it has not really been impacted. It’s really just a question of cost. That’s the only question mark. But the access to capital and having plenty of capital available to us in those markets still remains very strong.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean you are asking me to predict the CPI for next year in Brazil, which it’s hard to do with certainty, especially given the recent elections and all that, we have to kind of see how that all settles out. But I think high-single digits is a reasonable assumption today, and perhaps it could be higher than that. But I would target somewhere in that 8% to 10% range.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean, the big thing though, Brandon, for us is some of it comes down to timing. Obviously, we have concentrated periods at which our leases escalate. So, depending on where things are during those windows of time, it has either a greater or lesser impact on our specific numbers.
Dave Barden: Hey guys. Thanks very much for taking the questions. I got a bunch, Jeff, for you. I think the first most important is, what are you going as for trick or treating tonight with your kids? The second…
Dave Barden: Yes. I am still interested in the costume. So, the second question is, you kind of highlighted the leverage being below the target. There was a time when you guys implemented your dividend that you thought maybe a lower leverage target would be the right target. I wondered if you would want to have a little bit of a conversation about how you are thinking about target leverage. And given that there is not a ton to do on acquisitions and you didn’t do stock buybacks, even though stock has been pulling back, whether there has been some sort of change there. And if…
Dave Barden: Perfect. Okay, good. Thank you. And then my last question, if I could, please, Jeff is, I have always kind of considered you a little bit of a Brazilian policy wonk. Now that the election is over, how – what do you think is next in terms of implications for the telecom industry, currency, etcetera? Thank you.
