Brendan T. Cavanagh: Thank you, Mark. Good morning. As you saw from our press release last night, we had another very strong quarter in all areas. We exceeded the high end of our guidance for leasing revenue, tower cash flow, adjusted EBITDA and AFFO. GAAP site leasing revenues for the fourth quarter were $361.4 million or a 23.6% increase over the fourth quarter of 2013. Domestic cash site leasing revenue increased 16.1% to $295.4 million, and international cash site leasing revenue increased 123.1% to $51.8 million. Our leasing revenue growth was driven by organic growth and portfolio growth, including our three recent acquisitions in Brazil. iDEN-related churn during the quarter had a negative impact of $1.4 million. We continue to experience solid leasing demand, both domestically and internationally. Just over half of our incremental leasing activity in the quarter came from new leases. The big four U.S. carriers contributed approximately 75% of our consolidated incremental leasing revenue signed up in the quarter. Tower cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2014 was $277.9 million or a 27.7% increase over the year-earlier period. Tower cash flow margin was 80% compared to 78.3% in the year-earlier period. Our services revenues were $43.3 million compared to $42.9 million in the year-earlier period. Services segment operating profit was $9.6 million in the fourth quarter compared to $9.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Services segment operating profit margin was 22.1% compared to 21.4% in the year-earlier period. SG&A expenses for the fourth quarter were $26.6 million, including non-cash compensation charges of $5.3 million. SG&A expenses were $21.7 million in the year-earlier period, including non-cash compensation charges of $4.1 million. Increases were primarily attributable to increases in employee-related costs and specifically to head count increases in Brazil. Adjusted EBITDA was $266.7 million or an increase of 27.4% over the year-earlier period. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 68.3% in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to 65.3% in the year-earlier period. Approximately 96% of our total adjusted EBITDA is attributable to our tower leasing business. AFFO increased 30.5% to $181.5 million compared to $139.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. AFFO per share increased 29.9% to $1.39 compared to $1.07 in the fourth quarter of 2013. Combined changes in the Brazilian and Canadian exchange rates during the fourth quarter versus the rates assumed in our guidance negatively impacted leasing revenue by $1 million and adjusted EBITDA and AFFO by approximately $500,000 each. Net come during the fourth quarter was $390,000 compared to a net loss of $19.2 million in the year-earlier period. Net income per share for the fourth quarter of 2014 was $0.00 per share compared to net loss of $0.15 per share in the year-earlier period. Quarter-end shares outstanding were 129.1 million. In the fourth quarter, we acquired 1,703 sites for $520.5 million in cash, including 1,641 communication sites acquired from Oi in Brazil on December 1. SBA also built 175 sites during the fourth quarter. We ended the quarter with 24,292 sites. 15,124 of these sites are in the U.S. and its territories, and 9,168 are in international markets. Total cash capital expenditures for the fourth quarter of 2014 were $616.4 million, consisting of $7.2 million of non-discretionary cash capital expenditures, such as tower maintenance and general corporate CapEx, and $609.2 million of discretionary cash capital expenditures. Discretionary cash CapEx for the fourth quarter includes $520.5 million incurred in connection with tower acquisitions, excluding working capital adjustments. Discretionary cash CapEx also included $34.3 million in new tower construction, including construction in progress, and $30.1 million for gross augmentations and tower upgrades. The substantial majority of augmentation CapEx is reimbursed to us by our customers. With respect to the land underneath our towers, we spent an aggregate of $19.9 million to buy land and easements and to extend ground lease terms. Our investments in land are both strategically beneficial and almost always immediately accretive. At the end of the quarter, we owned or controlled for more than 20 years the land underneath approximately 73% of all of our towers and 74% of our domestic towers. At the end of the quarter, the average remaining life under our ground leases, including renewal options under our control, is approximately 33 years. At this point, I will turn things over to Mark, who will provide an update on our liquidity position and balance sheet.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yeah. So previously, it was 7% to 8%. I mean essentially, that number today, Michael, is 6% to 7%. And that's completely attributable to the changes in the FX rate. So essentially, now you have growth of 6% to 7%, which is the all-in number. It's affected approximately 2% for FX and approximately 1% for iDEN churn. That's the bridge between 6% to 7% and 9% to 10%.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Sure. So, David, on your first question about the Q4 beat and how that carries over. We did have a good Q4 that was ahead of what we expected. A lot of that, though, was really about the timing of when those leases were commencing. You heard Jeff mention earlier that a lot of the performance in Q4 was due to what happened in the earlier quarters. That's true. But what we benefited from against our projections was that a number of those leases and amendments started earlier than we had anticipated when setting guidance. So while we did outperform and those are recurring items, those are items that we expected to ultimately kick in anyway. And so you don't necessarily get the full benefit of that carrying over and extrapolated out to the rest of the year. And maybe I'll answer the second one for me before Jeff jumps in on the iDEN piece. We basically ended up about $1 million for the full year better than what we had assumed at the beginning of the year, based on timing of when those leases would terminate. We had essentially the same number of leases terminate that we expected; just the dollar values of those were on average less than what we had projected going into the year. But it was approximately a $1 million benefit throughout the full 2014.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Let me address the constant currency. I think Jonathan – well, let me make sure I understand what you're looking for. But our guidance for 2015 assumes on a constant currency basis, before iDEN churn, 9% to 10% same-tower cash flow revenue growth.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: That latter acquisition only contributed a month's worth of results, and we knew that when we gave our November guidance. So we haven't really seen any change in our expectations around the cash flows there. And really, the movement is all around changes in the real exchange rate.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Okay. On the leverage targets, we continue to be very, very comfortable and believe that 7 turns to 7.5 turns net debt leverage is the right place for us to be, particularly in this growth and interest rate environment. Our capacity is going to be around $1 billion of spendable money, maybe a little bit less or a little bit more, depending on what we buy with that and what the EBITDA contribution would be. And in terms of share repurchases, I think the odds are ticking up somewhat that we do share repurchases compared to portfolio growth, only because we do want to stay capitalized the way I've discussed. There are fewer investment opportunities in the U.S. We're going to continue to be very selective around our international growth. And I believe the fallout of all that is there will probably be a greater chance of some additional capacity being left for share repurchases.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. We haven't changed that since – I think we gave that out two calls ago, and that was 25% to 30% of revenue would be kind of the limits as we see them today on what we would be targeting for non-U.S. denominated revenues.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We are still working on the Brazilian acquisitions, Rick, and will be throughout the rest of 2015. And I would agree with that comment that there are opportunities where you will find revenue in some of these situations. And we have actually been the beneficiary of that already.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I haven't thought about it a lot because we don't need to think about it today. I mean if we had a transaction that would take our leverage on a purely debt financed basis above where we wanted to be, which kind of would be a number that we'd be able to get back to our targets within a year. So say, for sake of argument, it's 8.5. And anything above that, we would consider equity, just as we have in many of our past deals. And from what I can tell, the mandatory convert instrument, I know it's been used by both Crown and American, it looks okay.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I'm not sure. I hope I didn't convey huge certainty around that. There's definitely the money there. I do think they have some personnel and management and direction issues yet to be worked out. I believe that it continues to be a priority of the current administration to move this forward. So with the money now raised, that's one big stepping stone behind us. But it could happen in 2016. I don't want you to misread my – I don't have any secrets that tell me that it's definitely going to be 2016, other than it looks like the money's now in the bank.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. The strong fourth quarter print, Phil, really was driven by the operational activity that preceded it in the second quarter and third quarters. You sign things up; takes a little bit of time before revenue begins to be recognized. So what you saw there was the result of tremendous activity in the year prior to that. AT&T has slowed now, and they slowed down beginning in the fourth quarter. That is the primary reason why we saw the shift in amendments, from amendments to leasing. At least from our perspective, I would agree, with the comments from one of our peers that echoed that, they continue to be off. They're doing things, for sure, but they're off the pace that they were in the first half of last year. And we'll see how that goes the rest of the year. But that slowdown was well known to us at the time we gave our prior guidance, and there's not much that has changed on that front.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I do have an improving view of small cells. Clearly, the last couple years and current times has demonstrated that it is going to be a permanent part of network architecture going forward. So the volume levels look like they will be there to create constructive business around. We like ExteNet a lot. They're good guys. We think they do very well. And if we had an opportunity to increase our position there, we would certainly consider it.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think on the ExteNet questions, Brett, we are seeing more and more and more evidence over time, given the length of our involvement there. And we do believe that if well executed and well priced that there are projects and networks in that business that can perform to the tower model, which is why we continue to be constructive around that. But the keys are execution and pricing. On the net neutrality thing, I don't really see or think – and no one has suggested that the tower operators are going to have any obligations that come out of this new net neutrality ruling. And if you've got some insight otherwise, let me know. But I don't see it and don't believe that, that will be the case.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. The 9% to 10% was pre-iDEN constant currency. So now from that 9% to 10%, you need to deduct for iDEN and you need to deduct for the changes in the currency that we experienced from one set of guidance to the next. Brendan, do you want to walk to try to walk...
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. On the international front, David, there's plenty of opportunities. But we're going to continue to focus on what has been our primary area of focus, which is South America and some of the countries down there that we are not in today. And really, what I mean, we're going to continue to be very, very selective because we have at our disposal the luxury of always turning our capital to stock repurchases, which we know will be a positive result over time. And we have to just measure that. We've done that over the years. It's always seemed to have come out more in favor of portfolio growth. It may continue to come out more in favor of portfolio growth, but the options that we have cause us to really ponder it carefully.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Well, I'm not sure that what you see under contract today is going to be representative of what comes down the pipe the rest of the year. We just don't know. I mean this happens to be a number of smaller transactions, which we like. That's how we built the company. So if the rest of the year goes that way, we won't be disappointed. And we believe that they'll be plenty to hit the 5% to 10% portfolio growth numbers. And on your second question, the answer depends on how much of our investible capital we actually do direct towards stock repurchases. If it becomes 100%, which I don't ever think it will, that probably would cause us to think about reducing our leverage targets a little bit.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. We've been doing this for a long time, Amir. We've seen, while over the years, there's always been a strong level of activity, when you dig in by carrier, it's very up and down year-to-year. So what we're seeing here is something we've seen many times over the years. I think AT&T happens to have a lot of different uses for its cash today. And I mean I take great comfort in the fact that they were the high bidder on the AWS-3 auction. That has to be deployed, has to be equipment put on towers to handle that type of new spectrum. So I mean we view this as very temporary.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Well that's something that we do intend on doing at some point. We think it's in our shareholders' best interests. Today, we're readying ourselves to be able to do that sooner, if we decided to do that, as we watch for any potential changes in the legislative arena. But putting those aside, we're still probably several years away from when we would otherwise elect that status, given the size of our current NOL balances.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Sure, Michael. In 2014, our average growth rate throughout the year was approximately 13%, 13.5%, in that range. That's again a gross before churn and before FX growth rate. So in terms of our 2015 guidance, the domestic growth will be approximately 9%, in the same range as the overall. But we would expect the international to be higher at approximately 13%.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We appreciate everybody joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
