Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. In all of our cases, Spencer, whenever there is an equipment change, there needs to be a discussion and potential negotiation over an increase in the rent. We have a slightly different understanding and view of what AWS-3 will look like. We think it's going to involve at least the same number of radio heads and potentially larger antennas than what is currently at play today. So, we actually expect that there will be a decent chunk of revenue generated on our towers and, I think, for the industry, as those deployments get going. They haven't really got going yet, but we do expect them to get started here in the near future.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I don't know if it was a whole lot more than expected, but we did have a really good fourth quarter and are off to a really good start, particularly in our Latin American markets, which would be both Central America, Brazil and Ecuador. We've had some pretty darn good lease-up.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I mean, we can obviously offline go through a lot more detail with you, but our same tower organic growth rate year-over-year was 8%. So that's basically taking all of the recurring cash revenue, leasing revenue that we generated in the fourth quarter of 2014. That grew by 8% year-over-year, when you look at where we finished this quarter. Of that, domestically, we were closer to 7.5%. Internationally, we were more like 11%. A lot of that is driven from Brazil being higher. Brazil was north of 12%. And a lot of that growth in Brazil was driven materially by the escalators, which were close to 8%, on average, in terms of full year-over-full year. So when you look at domestic, the breakdown is usually about 3% to 3.5%. That's about what we had from escalators. And the balance is coming from organic growth. We did have about 1.5% from churn. So, our gross growth rate, again, domestically was 7.5%. Our net was 2.5%, 1.5% of normal churn and about 3.5% from iDen churn.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. In terms of absolute dollars, we obviously add inorganic growth as well through acquisitions. I think it'd probably be easier for us to discuss some of the details offline, but there is also FX impacts obviously on the international, too.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. We're looking at next year, the full year, if you look at the fourth quarter of 2016 as compared to fourth quarter of 2015, it implies a gross organic growth rate of roughly 9%, similar to what we said last time. This is all on a constant currency basis. And on a on net basis, that's about 7.5%, because we expect about 1.5% churn.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we're seeing an increase in the backlog, Amir. And we're on the cusp of some additional projects that we think are ready to break loose that we've had some conversations with. But again, to be clear, while the backlogs are growing, we're going to need to continue to see some improvement in the actual signed revenue to get to the high-end of the guidance range. We think it's all there. As I say, the backlogs are growing. The conversations are all around additional business, but we're not going to claim victory over that until we actually have it signed up.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I think the carryover will be strong, because all of what we've talked about will just be getting underway, particularly the AWS-3. And I think we're talking about multi-year deployments on these new spectrum bands, WCS. The WCS, I think it's been fairly well publicized that AT&T has sought some relief against some potential interference issues, which has actually kept that deployment down. That, hopefully, is on track, looks to be on track to get resolved here in the not too distant future. And then by saying, by mentioning 2.5 G work, basically of course that means we haven't really seen much of anything from Sprint yet. And that we don't necessarily need to see anything there for our guidance, but we do think over time that if they're going to fulfill what they've publically stated, that some activity is going to come from that. But so but this is...
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah, you asked a number of questions there, David. First on the macro sites, I would think or would hope that when people hear that we actually touched and amended and processed amendments equal to over 33% of our U.S. portfolio last year that the importance of the macro sites couldn't be clearer. In terms of the triggering, it's not any real mystery it takes time to process applications and amendments, so there is no stair function that has to occur there. It's just the normal course. Things are building. They should take three months to six months to work through the pipeline. And if at all it continues to go in that direction, it'll all turn out the way that we have assumed that it will. There's no particular thing that's holding things back. It's just the ordinary way that carriers work, particularly when they come out of the end of the year and just begin to start rolling out their full year budgets and plans, which is happening as we speak. Now, you asked one more question, which...
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Oh, FirstNet. Yeah, we've had a number of discussions very broadly, not getting to equipment, but just generally where do we have capacity, let's talk about what might happen if we come back to you with a FirstNet. And the reason for that is the proposal that has gone out by FirstNet to pick a partner, they're looking basically for network solutions. And the folks who respond to that are going to want to be able to include towers where they need to do so to put their best foot forward.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, not necessarily. I believe there will be equipment sharing – not equipment sharing as much as RAN sharing or Radisys sharing, much like we were prepared to do as an industry when LightSquared was on the table. And the reason that FirstNet has gone out with this RFP and seeking partners is because they don't want to build their own network. So it will not be a standalone network. It's certainly not looking that way at this time. But it is looking like they want to partner with one or more existing players, who as part of their proposal will offer up network architecture. And we've actually been approached as to how we might play in all that.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, I know there is a big effort underway by all of the carriers that are subject to the wireline concession to get relief from that because the universal service obligations are quite onerous. TIM is not subject to those. Oi is. So any kind of combination – and this is me speaking and not necessarily attributable to any of those folks, but is going to be hampered by the uncertainty around that wireline. And so I think that point has been made very clear by a number of people and that has gotten President Rousseff's ear. And hopefully that is something that gets cleared up or at least better cleared up when she does release these telecom reforms.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I thought I saw something that talked about the end of March, but I can't tell you that for certain.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, yeah. This is the first time I think there has been some serious thinking and potentially proposals around this issue.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, it is partially scientific and partially not, Ric. Last year, we took the tact of using the spot rate for all of our reports and our guidance, and that didn't work so well. We were chasing that all the way down all year long. So this time we've looked at some consensus, not necessarily the forward curve.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah, I think that's an important point. I think folks should focus on the percentage of our revenue that now comes out of Brazil. It's below 10%. And while we are projecting a decline from today to the 4.20 we used in the full-year guidance. That is well below the mid-40s or high-40s that we saw Q4 2015 to 2014. So we're looking at a year, not only this year and then even more so beyond, where this should have less and less of an impact.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. It'll have a bigger impact, Ric, how it turns out for 2017. The consensus is actually that the inflation rate comes down over the course of the year. Obviously, that isn't the direction that it has been heading, but even if it continued at the high level because of the timing, as Brendan said, you wouldn't necessarily have a big pickup this year, but it would be a much different base for 2017.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: No. No, no pick-up from Q4 levels, but that's absolutely standard for this time. I mean, we know for a fact that at least two of the big four are still finalizing budgets.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. It was particularly helped – it's unfortunate to say, in a way, by the extreme amount of iDen churn that we had in the fourth quarter. What comes along with that is significant work around the removal of equipment at those sites. And so I hate to say a part of the reason that it was up was actually due to that. And so if you look at our guidance for our services business for next year, you'll see that it actually suggests a decline over this year, because items like that will not be repeating.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. I think if you look at the combined CapEx that we spent since our last call, I think it's pretty healthy. I think, Phil, you were anticipating $150 million. We did $100 million, plus maybe some acquisitions that you weren't thinking about.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: So, that ought to be, I guess, loosely the way people ought to think about it in terms of absolute dollars. There are a couple things around the stock repurchases. We're managing somewhat to leverage. We don't want to take leverage up too high, notwithstanding how good we believe the stock price to be. But we also run into blackout periods that don't allow us to be in the market all the time. But with earnings now here, we get to reset all those blackout windows and we get to take a forward look again.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. Clearly, the macros are going to be a key backbone in all that system. And we would expect, Simon, additional equipment comes out of it. We haven't seen any specs yet that would allow us to get more specific than that. The standards aren't approved yet. So, we really don't see what the equipment could look like yet. Obviously, they're talking at higher frequencies, which is going to need several different types of architecture. But, in all cases, we believe the macro site is kind of the base off which all that occurs.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. And we think that continues because there is a lot of refarming of 2G spectrum to LTE that's going on. AWS-3, when it does break, is going to, I think, certainly come in the form of heavy amendments; WCS, the same. 2.5 G, when Sprint does get going there, the first thing is going to be to provide that service to their existing macro site. I don't know if it'll be eight to one, Simon, but I do believe that it will continue to be predominantly amendments as we move through this year.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We have the capabilities in place to double that and more, Nick. So the question is do we have the business? I mean, obviously, the rezoning takes time, things like that. But we are ready to go and capable of producing much larger numbers than that. And, in fact, our guidance of the towers that we expect to build this year does include a larger number in Brazil than what we built last year. So, the other question was on small cells. We are adding some folks, some experienced people from the industry. Our focus, though, is not really in the outdoor space. It is more of the indoor space. And it's focused on assets that we already have relationships with, either through ownership or management, where we tend to have the exclusive ability to manage the telecommunications activities around those assets. We actually have bid on a number of things. And we don't have anything material to talk about. I don't know that we'll have anything material to talk about this year, but we are making some good progress.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah, where we have that. We actually have some agreements where we manage large portfolios of land for a variety of different owners, railroads, large box department stores. We actually have states where we manage all of their telecom infrastructure. So, all those are very good opportunities for us to go in on a negotiated exclusive basis and help them with whatever they'd like to do in that area. And that's where we're focused.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: There's no contractual provision, Brett, that contemplated or was agreed to in advance that says, okay, if we change out 2G equipment for 4G, the following will happen. So it basically involves in every case a discussion and a negotiation. And we're getting a variety of results, meaning cases where there's an actual reduction in equipment, which isn't very often, we're not charging for that. We're not reducing rent, but we're not charging anything additional for that. And then where they're changing out where they actually end up with more remote radio heads or, more likely, different antennas which are bigger for LTE, then there's an amendment fee.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Not really. We've been at this a long time. And I think people would be mistaken if they think that carriers didn't negotiate hard throughout history on all this. And that really hasn't changed. Their needs are changing a little bit, so we're talking about different things. But in terms of any new way of dealing with each other, it's always a spirited negotiation and we both end up somewhere in the middle. And that hasn't changed. That's been the way it's gone ever since we got into this business.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: I have not seen enough yet, Mike, to really have developed a lot of good and clear thoughts on that. It's clearly going to involve some more points of presence, given the frequencies involved. But if it goes the way that existing small cells outdoor appear to be going, which is predominantly fiber and needing to become a fiber company to participate in all that, I don't know that that's going to change or cause us to change our thinking.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah, and on the second question, that is actually not new language. That's been in there for years I believe. And basically the purpose of the language is to reinforce our statements that we intend to stay capitalized within our target leverage range. As we grow throughout the year, we stay in that leverage range, additional investment capacity is created and that we would look to spend that on portfolio growth, which has been and continues to be our first priority.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: We could, Jonathan. I don't have it handy because it's going to be much less. We are 70% leases there versus amendments. That's on a revenue basis. So it might actually be eight to one the opposite way outside of the United States, but we can get that for you if you'd like. And in terms of the other churn, it's almost entirely a combination of Clearwire, Leap and Metro, all of which we've expected, anticipated and there it is.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yeah. We'll look at all opportunities. Developer towers are going to be of higher quality, we would hope. Carrier towers, much like in the United States, were not built for our industry, so they tend to need a little bit more work, but nothing that we haven't taken on in the past and done well with. So I do think, though, unlike in the United States, you're probably not going to see, at least in South America, as many smaller, independent acquisition opportunities. They're growing. And it's exciting to see how many new little tower developers are starting out, which ultimately will be opportunities to buy. But if you want to move the needle quickly, the way to do that is still going to be the carrier transaction.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Okay, great. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us. Hopefully, the switch in the time, everyone appreciates we basically have done this out of the requests of our investors to tighten things up a little bit. And we look forward to speaking with you on our first quarter earnings release. Thank you.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: No, it's not the forward curve. We've looked at what many of the economists from a variety of the banks that we use have projected. And most of the economists project further weakening to the exchange rate during 2016. So we basically used a forward assumption for the balance of the year that's in line with the median of the projected forward rates that were put out by several of those large banks. And our hope is that that will significantly reduce the magnitude of any future guidance revisions due to FX changes.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: But having said that, Ric, one of the things that the implied further weakening during 2016 is substantially lower than what we've experienced over the last two years and thus the impact is anticipated to be much lower than we saw during those periods.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: That's correct. That's why we're breaking it out. So, on a net basis, if you just strip out pass-throughs from our entire business and look at what percentage of cash revenue Brazil represents, in that case, it's only 6.5%, so less and less of an impact.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yeah. Our projections for full-year guidance would imply Brazil growing at about 13% on a same-tower basis, if you compared Q4 of 2016 to 2015. Of that, we would expect a little over 8% of that comes from escalators. Obviously today, when you look at the current CPI equivalent, IPCA, index down there, it's actually well above 10.5%, but given the timing of when our escalators takes place and the forward curve around inflationary rates in Brazil, which is what we've used for our assumptions, we expect that the blended impact to our fourth quarter results over the previous year would be about 8%.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: The relative materiality of those couple percentage points, given what we talked about before, which is the 6.5% of the total leasing revenue that's subject to this, it's just not, frankly, that material. But if the inflationary rates stayed higher, there is a small opportunity for pickup. Unfortunately, that probably means that the FX rates are not performing in line with what we've assumed either, but we'll have to see.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And, Simon, just on your first question about the eight to one. The eight to one is a representation of the number of agreements signed. So, the absolute number of agreements in terms of the revenue mix, the amendments contributed 62%. Those are just domestic numbers. 62% of the revenue's signed up. But over eight to one in terms of its comparison to actual number of agreements signed that were amendments versus leases.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Michael, on your first question on the amortization of the augmentation reimbursements, we really haven't made any changes since our assumptions a few months ago as to what we'll see in 2016.
