Jeff Stoops: It should be fairly linear Nick. The $21 million that you mentioned is about right for the first quarter and I would expect it to be kind of a gradual step down throughout the year. 
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I think it's just a little bit of a slow gig out of the gate for the year. I don't think it's any more than that and we're not making any material adjustments to what we think we're about to do this year.
Jeff Stoops: It really attracts our largest markets. So I would say outside the U.S., it would be Brazil, South Africa, Tanzania, but we will build towers I believe in every country in which we're currently operating for this year. 
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, in terms of the stock repurchases, John, they are definitely high on our priority list as we demonstrated over the years and they will continue to be. We just feel like at this moment in time that we need to let the Fed do their thing and get to the point where we see that interest rates have stopped going up, because the rate that they are increasing has a direct impact on the cost of our revolving credit facility.  So we think through this particular period of time, and given the rate that we're paying on the revolver, that is absolutely the best use of our temporary capital allocations, but rest assured we will be buying material amounts of stock back over the coming years. In terms of the rate of changes of the carriers, and we don't want to get into too much detail about who's exactly doing what, and I think it's been fairly well broadcast that who was spending the most money last year, and who was the most active. T-Mobile and DISH really were the two big ones last year for the industry. Verizon and AT&T were busy. And that really hasn't changed a whole lot this year other than the aggregate amounts when you add it all up, what we expect for this year in terms of the volume of activity is going to be a little bit off from last year. 
Jeff Stoops: So, the revolver is $595.0 million Wal and absent some other use of capital allocations, that'll be paid off by the end of this year.
Jeff Stoops: I think your intuition is, is directly correct. I mean, right now we're using dollars to pay back 6.5% debt. When that’s paid down, we won’t be earning 6.8% on our cash. So we'll be looking for other uses.
Jeff Stoops: You know we're very confident of the debt, unless we spend additional money on something that will be obviously better, will be gone this year. So we didn't want to get off of a long-term dividend trend that we're trying to establish here just for the sake of less than a year.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I think they will for sure, but they rely very heavily on outsourcing to Verizon's network, at least Charter and Comcast. So with that in mind, it’s kind of their built-in default system. What they have to do around their other spectrum that they can develop is more limited. We are getting some business from them, but of course it pales in comparison to the four traditional wireless service providers. 
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I would just add that I think that's unknown at this point as to how much of the 2025 obligations will actually be booked or signed up in 2023. 
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, the market should expect that it is more likely than not, but the market should take comfort in that, it will fall well within our estimated churn for Brazil that we've been putting forth now for quite some time. 
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I think the – well, the biggest drivers will be the ones that I believe are most likely. It's got to be the dual band equipment. And obviously we need to get the T-Mobile licenses that they went and paid for, freed up out of the FCC. So those will be drivers that really get – and we know that the CBAN spectrum will be cleared by the end of this year, which just particularly in AT&T's case will coincide with when they'll see good availability of the dual band 3.45 and CBAN radios. So all those things I think are going to be positively impactful you know late ’23, certainly into 20224.  And because I answered your second question first – oh, the backlog. Yeah, the backlog is probably down a little bit from where it was a year ago, but it's been holding steady for the last quarter or two. 
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I would think it's not going to be a steady 20%. I would think it will – as it has since we started the dividend, it will decline a little bit each year or so over time so we can continue – while still increasing that, what may be the REIT industry's fastest growth dividend, still growing at a very fast clip, while we maintain a relatively low, relative to our peers AFFO payout ratio. That's been the strategy from the start Ric.
Jeff Stoops: Our customers have all been very, and they haven't said anything different to us, have all been very careful to describe fixed wireless as a product that really is just for excess capacity on the 5G network and I don't know if that'll change or not. I mean, they're all – well, the ones that are offering it more intentionally are doing very well. So, I mean you could see at some point that there is specific capital allocation, purely justified off of the fixed wireless. But I cannot tell you today that any activity that we're seeing is predominantly there because of fixed wireless.
Jeff Stoops: Oh yeah, it absolutely would be. But you got to have to deploy it. You got to have to deploy at a minimum radios for that and in most cases probably antennas too.
Jeff Stoops: Well, other than some assets which are very de minimis to the operation of our data center in Brazil or our towers internationally, we don't have any fiber businesses internationally Brett, so nothing really to divest there.  In terms of new builds, over time they should continue to be a steady, although I don't know if it will be growing number of new build opportunities. The new build market in the U.S. has slowed somewhat as carriers have focused more on amending their existing sites to roll out most efficiently their 5G. And I will also tell you that the cost of new builds have gone up tremendously in the last five years. They may have doubled over that period of time. So I think that's providing a bit of a damper on activities as well. 
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I don't want to speak for our customers, but I will tell you that the literature that's available on this topic from organizations like Light Reading [ph] for example really go into quite a bit of detail as to what our customers plans are with respect to those dual band radios, including one of our customers said to not deploy any of certain amounts of spectrum that they already have until those dual-band radios are. So I mean that's what I know and I don't want to really talk more about specific customer discussions, but I think if you look at that literature, you will see a picture that is very clear that there's, there has been holdback in terms of what our customers would otherwise do, pending the availability of that type of equipment.  And in particular, you know right now the deployment is a separate radio and antenna for C-Band and 3.45. It'll be a more efficient form function when they are combined and to the extent that they were doing that in one truck roll with the two different radios, they would have the efficiencies of a single truck roll. So that's a long-winded way of saying, yeah, we think it's going to be a positive development when that equipment is available. 
Jeff Stoops: Well, I think you'd see a tremendous amount of increased densification, because that will be the only way to satisfy demand in a spectrum constrained environment. The question is, it's the age-old question, who's going to pay for that and are our customer's buying going to find a good enough return on investment? I mean if there’s no more spectrum Dave, there has to be self-splitting and densification.
Jeff Stoops: I would say to densify within the existing spectrum and to have no additional spectrum introduced into the system. If you were going to truly build out to the max, to achieve the max 5G capabilities, I would tell you, we have a lot of opportunity and a lot of room on our towers that would need to be filled for our customers to achieve that.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, and the M&O's have followed up, I mean there are two real M&O's. There's three, but two that really own assets over there, and those customers have continued to hive off chunks of their portfolios, not sure that they've done it too many times, but I know there have been follow-ups I think from each of the two big ones there with additional asset sales.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, I would say it's roughly equivalent, although the form factor is going to be less from a weight perspective in the dual band unified piece of equipment. 
Jeff Stoops: Well, where we've continued to grow is in the edge and the fiber regeneration facilities. We are now up to somewhere between 40 and 50 of those. So what we found Eric is that there is high demand for quality locations where you have power and permitting and fiber. What really has not happened yet to our knowledge anywhere in the globe is the direct tie-in at the edge of the cell site to the wireless networks, which when that comes, that will unleash tremendous amount of demand at the cell site. But we're learning a lot along the way through primarily real estate demand as opposed to demand for this computing to be tied in to the wireless networks.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah Greg, we would think that services will be declining slightly into the second half of the year, but I think in a lesser pace. I mean, you can see what our outlook looks like and where the first quarter ended up. It's only slightly ahead of that full year pace. So probably similar in the second quarter and maybe slightly less in the second half of the year, but relatively flat.
Jeff Stoops: Great. We want to thank everyone for joining us this evening. We appreciate your participation and we'll talk to you in a quarter. Thank you. 
Brendan Cavanagh: One thing Nick is that in Brazil a little bit of that slowdown is with the merger that took place among the carriers. There's some focus on that. So, that's put a little bit of a slowdown on the new builds temporarily, but we expect over time that will obviously come back and pick up.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah David, first on your estimate of approximately how much they represent on a run rate, that's in the right ballpark today. We still continue to have activity though with them. They are still signing up new business, not the same pace they were a year ago. And so, we'll exit the year at something, obviously, greater than that, would be our expectation given the fact that we're constantly signing up new business. And then really, it's a question of, as they turn their sights towards their 2025 obligations how much more will be required. And we're pretty confident based on our conversations with them that there will be a good bit more required, so we'll have to see. But I think for the balance of this year, a lot of it is focused on deployment of a lot of what they've already signed up. And we'll see how much more they are able to churn to the 2025 objectives by the time we get to the end of the year. 
Brendan Cavanagh: And Mike, on the Sprint churn question in the first quarter, $6.5 million of the churn, incremental churn to Q1 was related to Sprint. 
Brendan Cavanagh: It should be much less than that. I mean maybe way out long term, I would say its closer to 45%, 50%, because ultimately when we're through our NOLs, it will obviously match our net income, or taxable net income. So at this stage the relationship of the tax net income to AFFO is somewhere in that 40% to 50% range.
Brendan Cavanagh: Not really, because we are obviously focused on aged accounts receivable, which are not – we're doing fine on collections. So a lot of that's really just timing around some of the services contracts, generally services related in terms of fluctuations not leasing.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, we've got about 130 or so sites right now, then a bunch more in construction, so we would expect to end the year in the high 100s somewhere.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. And when the dual-band deployment start Greg, certainly that's going to benefit our services business. 
A - Jeff Stoops: Yeah, on the al-a-carte versus the – what I think are most commonly called holistic MLA's, you know we're very open to whatever makes the most sense for our customers and for us. We have not – we've done MLA's, we've not done holistic MLA's that provide a customer with kind of all you can need equipment rights up to a specified amount in exchange for some kind of pricing benefit. Although we almost did back in 2013, 2014, we came very close to doing that. So I think you should take all that Michael as kind of our view that it continues our kind of opportunistic way of running the business and we will do what's right for us and our customers at that time. And that you should not assume that you won't ever see that kind of agreement from us in the future.
A - Jeff Stoops: I would say second half of the year, and then pick it up as you move through the year, the end of the year.
A - Jeff Stoops: On the spectrum that the CTI wrote to the White House about? A brand new spectrum? Yeah, I mean there's some antenna efficiencies that may allow that to happen depending on the spectrum, but there are no radio efficiencies. There has to be new radios that are frequency specific. They could be dual band or multi band, but they are not in any of the equipment today for the spectrum that has not yet been auctioned, so that's a real opportunity should that spectrum become available.  In terms of our leverage, one of the reasons that we – there are several reasons, but one of the reasons that we're using our free cash flow to pay down the revolver is exactly to your point Batya, which is to see how the Fed, how they do in their war against inflation. If they succeed, we believe rates will come down and we will kind of go back exactly to the way we have done business for 20 years.  If it looks like it is more permanent that we're going to be in a higher rate environment and inflation doesn’t come under control, then we'll take a much more serious look at turning investment grade, which will actually position to do fairly well and over a manageable period of time, if that's in fact what we choose to do?  I think the macro world will play itself out in the next year and we will be able to tell you with much more specificity exactly which of those paths we're going to take.
A - Jeff Stoops: Yeah, in terms of M&A, it's a combination of both of those things Simon. There's just not a lot that's being offered for sale or shopped around I mean and that's a global comment relative to past times. I think it's a combination of the interest rate environment and I think it's a combination – and added to that would be the – it's a closing gap, but there's still a gap between buyer and seller expectation. There's really, and we keep pretty close tabs on all opportunities out there and there's really not a lot. And even the fewer that we would find attractive as evidenced by the fact that we did the amounts and everything this quarter.
A - Jeff Stoops: Yeah, we'd be open for the right opportunity similar to our past practices. We would obviously be careful and thoughtful, but we're not foreclosing new markets.
A - Jeff Stoops: I'll take the South Africa question and Brendan, you could take the DISH question if you have the answer. We know it's at the spectrum holding level Phil. I mean, that's probably about as best as we can. We can get back to you with the exact legal entity if you'd like, but it's with the entity that has the spectrum.  So on the South Africa question, you know power is an issue and there is a movement effort by some carriers, particularly – well, I'm not going to name them specifically, but to outsource power on the towers. And it is something that we’re looking at. The bigger issue in South Africa and one that we're working on and hopefully we'll have something meaningful for both us and our customers in the future, is security.  And we really don't want to spend a lot of money on power supply, solving those issues until you have the site facilities secured, and that involves a wide range of potential solutions Phil, which we've got a lot of folks looking at and studying and I think we'll be able to share more with you on that over the coming year. 
Brandon Nispel: Great! Multipart question for you Jeff. Can you talk about booking's activity in terms of unsigned lease applications and how that's trending this quarter from like a year-over-year perspective?  Then you had mentioned a number of drivers in terms of why we should still be bullish on 5G investments, including Verizon, AT&T, CBAN that’s not being cleared, T-Mobile licenses, dual band radios and DISH. Which of these is the largest potential driver for leasing for you over the next couple of years. Thanks. 
Brandon Nispel: Great, thanks. And one follow-up, when do you expect to see lease applications for some of these dual band radios? Thanks.
Brandon Nispel: Will they just – I believe it might have even been just last week that the FCC approved by  waiver, the 3.45 and the C-Band dual radio equipment from Ericsson.
