Jeff Stoops: Yes, I think the best I can tell you, Phil, is that you should expect that we will stay at or slightly above the high end of our target leverage range and that investable capital will either go into acquisitions or stock repurchases, but we are only going to buy acquisitions that meet our return requirements and we are only going to buy stock when we believe it’s below intrinsic value. Now, we believe our stock is below intrinsic value at today’s prices, but we have a history of being opportunistic around where we buy the stock and I expect we will continue to do that.
Jeff Stoops: There is actually fair amount of stuff out there, but prices continued to be high. And when you do the relative weighting against stock repurchases particularly at the prices we were able to buy in the earlier quarter, the decision tree was a pretty easy one that went towards the stock repurchases. So, it continues to be a relative equation and you should not think we went for stock repurchases, because there weren’t acquisition opportunities, it was because the stock repurchase opportunities were better.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I will take the second one first, because it’s easy. The relative splits between amendments and leases, has been consistent at least two quarters, maybe two or three. And I think Matt based on our backlogs today that it should be relatively similar as we move through the year. And in terms of allocation, we have built the company growing the portfolio. We like to grow the portfolio when the opportunities make sense from a return on investment perspective. Our 5% number that we use each year is one that is well supported by the cash we generate and the leverage we expect to operate at. So, we are going to continue to look for opportunities to grow the portfolio. And if it’s the jump ball between portfolio growth and stock repurchases, we will favor portfolio growth, but we will likely not leave any investment capacity unutilized for this year. So, if we don’t spend it on acquisitions, we will spend it on stock repurchases.
Jeff Stoops: And I would just also add that compared to years past, the opportunity set for new builds this year is lower.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I would start by saying, Amir that our customers are working hard as they should as we all do to maximize revenue and minimize cost and that’s really not anything new over the history of the relationship. The traditional way of rolling out new spectrum by far the most efficient way for our customers is to come back and amend existing installations where they have already the legacy power, the backhaul, the shelters, so that kind of sets a bit of starting point for the discussions. And there is a often – well, sometimes, I would not say often, but the way we have always approached leasing is on a one-off basis, where every single lease or every single amendment is subject to its own discussion. And when there are high rents on a site, because it’s either been very much loaded up or it’s been around for 10 years or 15 years and it’s escalated to 3% plus, we absolutely take that into consideration when we work out arrangements with our customers. So there will be many instances where we charge less for that particular site than we might otherwise with the existing rent in mind. And in many cases, certainly not near a majority, but not a substantial amount of amendments and I have mentioned this before, we actually work with our customers and let them do things for zero dollars on the amendment side. For exactly that reason, this is a partnership that we have. Their success is very important to us. And that’s how we approach it. And it’s worked pretty damn well for 20 years and we expect it to continue to work well. In terms of the actual spectrum that’s being still to go, almost every new bit of spectrum is going to require its own radio head, whether it’s WCS or 2.5 gigahertz or AWS-3 certainly 600 megahertz. There are some opportunities for the AWS-3 to be pumped on an antenna basis through the AWS-1 antennas. Depending on how those antennas were set up originally, our customers may or may not get the most efficient bang for their buck there. So we are actually seeing a variety of types of installations there. The 600 megahertz when it does come, clearly it’s going to require both new radios and new antennas. So we think the world will continue to be one that is focused on new and changing and in many cases additional equipment. And then when we worked that out with our customers, we kind of take everything into consideration and find something that works for both of us.
Jeff Stoops: No. Not in any measurable way. I mean, maybe it cost us 50 new builds a year. I mean what’s happening is, as you have less new builds that are being built in general, you have a whole subculture of developers who have spent the last 5 years, 10 years building towers to sell to people like us. They are not getting as much work because there isn’t as much work to be done. So they are chasing that business. And that is really working to our customers benefit today. Good for them. It’s not particularly work that we feel like we should be chasing. Unlike those developers who really don’t have anything else to do, we have other uses for our capital including stock repurchases. So we do have alternate uses, which is I think an important thing to keep in mind. But other than that – other than our customers getting some towers built pretty damn cheaply and good for them, really doesn’t affect anything else.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I mean most of it, Ric of the roughly say 130 or so sites, roughly 100 of that is Brazil and consistent with what I said before. We cut that last time based on Brazil and this time as well just a little bit slower go down there for I think somewhat obvious reasons around the economy in a way it’s affecting our customers. There are still are obligations under build-to-suit agreements that we have down there. And those will be fulfilled just the timing I think is shifting back a little bit. And the balance of it is domestically, we kind of came into the year with certain expectations, which were lower than what we did last year. But based on the competitive nature of what we have seen, we were making the decision there. We are probably going to build a few less sites this year than we thought at the beginning of the year, so that’s simple.
Jeff Stoops: Well, that part of it is just like the U.S. You have all the claims that accrue as of the date of the petition. They are broken up into classes. And then ultimately, for those to be paid or converted into equity or however they are resolved, a plan needs to be approved by all the creditors in each class, voting by both amounts of claim and by number of creditor. So, there will be – there is bunch of us, obviously who have operating monies owed in the pre-petition period and we will be a class and we will all pursue it. But how much of that we ultimately get back will be a part of the bigger resolution, which is exactly I believe how it works in the United States Chapter 11 for amounts that are owed pre-petition.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, it could. And it will be nice whatever we get back when we get it. But at our abundance of caution we have taken everything we could think of and put it in the reserve, so that at least from a reserve perspective, we are done and any other new news will be on the side of recovery.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. We are certainly watching and studying and working on all that. And if we can find something that we think is a good allocation of capital in that regard, we definitely will do it. I think 5G in terms of our portfolio, which again is primarily a non-urban residential highway or portfolio. I think you are going to see further equipment on the towers, but a continued reliance on macro sites. The high-frequency spectrum that people are talking about, really most people do not think that will work outside of a dense urban environment. Actually, there was some good commentary on that from Neville Ray on T-Mobile’s calls as to what he thought about 28-gigahertz spectrum outside of dense urban markets. And he had some pretty negative things to say about its feasibility. So, we are watching it all very carefully, but I think for – well, as long as there has been wireless, the laws of physics and how radiowaves promulgate kind of drives and dictates things. And you just aren’t going to get that outside of urban markets any kind of good promulgation with these high frequencies that folks are talking about. So, I think the true economically viable prospects there – you are not going to have 5G out along the highway corridors that runs only on 28-gigahertz, it will not be economically feasible. We think our towers will continue to be extremely important, more so as fiber hubs as allocation points for backhaul. So, we are actually pretty optimistic about where all that takes us and we definitely do not believe that systems and networks that run on 28-gig or even some of the higher stuff that they have talked about is going to replace or even dilute the macro networks that is the bulk of our portfolio.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. Our first preference, Simon, is to continue to flush out the markets that we are in and potentially expand into new countries in the Western Hemisphere. There is plenty of opportunities to do that and build towers and relatively easily hit 5% per year portfolio growth. So, that’s our first and foremost focus and I will continue to be there for a while. We will look and have looked on the other side of the ocean. Keeping in mind though that our plan as it exists today we are very confident we will produce mid-teens AFFO per share growth compounded. We would want to see assets that are at least that good. And historically, the European assets have been lower growth yield type assets that don’t necessarily or not even necessarily that don’t fit a higher capital appreciation type model.
Jeff Stoops: Well, it was – I mean, you have said it right upfront. It’s around the E&P calculation. We had – we basically – I think we disposed on the last call that our current estimates around our cumulated earnings and profits which are currently in the deficit position is that they would move into a positive position in the latter part of 2017.
Jeff Stoops: Most people say no. It takes eight to ten. And I am not sure we necessarily would agree with the 20% mark.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. But we have been told by the equipment manufacturers that if they do that, they are going to leave some performance on the ground so to speak.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. A fair number of Internet of Things players, machine to machine. I don’t know if we have had any of the big guys who I think you are talking about on the fiber side. But definitely there is everyday there is some interest from folks that are outside the traditional wireless world.
Jeff Stoops: It’s I would say, it’s probably spread with Telefonica probably being the most steady and active. And any changes really is a result of the combined activity of the other three.
Jeff Stoops: We are actually – and we are not projecting this, but it is logical to think that Oi who is being watched closely by Anatel through all this and now has a whole lot of better cash flow actually picks up. They certainly have the network needs for that. So it’s certainly possible. So we will be watching all that.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, you never, never say never, Nick, but right now with Claro’s forming Telesites, although none of their South American assets have gone into that yet. And Telefonica’s formation of Telxius, you are probably looking at all carriers other than those for the most likely opportunities. And I don’t want to get into rumors, but there are definitely some rumors, some of which we think are more real than others that there are some carriers down there that are looking to monetize their assets, but it’s really like it is everywhere else, where carriers – they need the money and they believe that the terms of the deal that they get any additional OpEx that they take on is outweighed by the capital that they take in and that’s really – that’s a different recipe for everybody. So, more will happen, do I think any of it is like next quarter? No. I don’t think that. But I do think over time there will be additional carrier portfolios available.
Jeff Stoops: That’s great timing. We appreciate everyone joining us this evening and we look forward to reporting next quarter’s results. Thanks.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, hey, Jon, it’s Brendan. We basically have reduced the number of towers we expect to build this year with about half of that being related to Brazil. It’s been a little bit of a slow go with some of our customers down there based on the pace of progress with those customers. We are anticipating that in a number of those sites will actually slip into next year. The other half of the reduction is related to expectations around domestic new builds. In line with what Jeff was saying about M&A costs as the opportunities for these new builds have become extremely competitive, we simply made what we believe our appropriate capital allocation decisions and chosen not to participate in a number of the new build opportunities that are currently available. So, that’s really where the changes there.
Brendan Cavanagh: We – consistent with the practice we adopted earlier this year, we have adjusted our forward assumptions around exchange rate to be in line with the median of updated projected forward rate that are published by economists at several large banks. It’s usually generally in line with forward curves, but sometimes not exactly. And so based on what they are putting out in their forecasts, we are basically going in line with that. And obviously the forecast rates imply weakening in the exchange rates during the rest of 2016, but the levels impact on our 2016 numbers is much lower than what we provided in our prior full year guidance. And substantially lower than what we have experienced over the last couple of years.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Brett, we have actually been operating we believe in alignment with all of the requirements of being a REIT already. We just haven’t made the formal election as of yet. So, in terms of structuring our operations, having what would be taxable REIT subsidiaries properly cordoned off and making sure that we meet all asset tests and income tests that would be required as a REIT. We have been doing all of that now for the last 2 years actually in order to allow us the flexibility to choose to convert whenever we would like. And so it really is a matter of pretty much just making the election on the tax return. So, we could effectively do it even retroactively if we chose to so long as we haven’t yet filed our tax return. So, the flexibility remains. In terms of the PLR, we do not expect to look for PLR. We think it’s been well determined and there is plenty of precedent for tower companies as REITs.
Brendan Cavanagh: First, Mike on the second one. Some of that is driven by other things. So for instance, our AFFO per share growth year-over-year was 10.5%, which is lower than last quarter. But our services margins were very, very high last year. And if you just adjust it for that, one item alone and said it was flat from last year. The growth would have been 14%. So I think when you take out – there are other items of noise that perhaps could be adjusted out of there and we are very confident that there is not a steady drop. It’s just an accumulation over the trailing 12 months. And then the first question, discretionary CapEx, yes, we raised the discretionary CapEx by $35 million, I believe at the midpoint or maybe it was $40 million at the midpoint. Yes. That is primarily made up of new acquisitions that we put under contract. We did also have some decline in new tower build spending, but not a lot because a lot of the new tower build reductions that we are assuming are really just timing. And we are still incurring much of those costs. So, it’s mainly new acquisitions put under contract offset by a little bit of a decline in new builds.
