Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I mean, given the fact that we report those things on a trailing 12 basis and knowing what we had in the fourth quarter a year ago and first quarter of this year, I think it's going to build, Ric, as we -- at least as we move into the middle of next year. And then we'll see what happens with lease-up then because that will start to have some year-over-year comps that we're going to be working off some pretty good numbers for the back half of this year.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. So I think we've explained this before. But we have a master deal with DISH, and there's commitments and a lot of benefits going back and forth between each parties. I mean one of the things, Simon, that was in there is DISH has a payments schedule such that after signing, they have until a date certain for installation of their equipment on that site before we begin to start collecting revenue. So the vast, vast, vast notwithstanding the tremendous amount of lease-ups that we've had, the vast majority of all that recognition doesn't start until 2022. So the answer as to is there much, if anything, ambition in the fourth quarter, notwithstanding the activity, the answer is no. I think you had a third question. Did I miss the...
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I mean, my understanding is decisions get made. Final auction results are known and decisions get made in the first quarter of next year. I do not believe there's the same clearing requirements that you have with the C-band. So I don't see any reason why we wouldn't start to see some activity in the second half.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. In terms of the globe, Jonathan, I mean we look all over and we look to find areas that fit our criteria. And we found a lot of that, obviously, in the Western Hemisphere, some of that in Africa. And I believe we will continue to find those opportunities as we go forward on a country-by-country basis. Africa has a lot of growth, certainly has some risk. But if you get into the right price and you operate well as we believe we do, you will do well. Europe is a fine market. We just have not found opportunities that are at prices that we think makes sense for us given our other opportunities to deploy capital. But we keep looking. I mean, we look at everything. That's what people expect us to do. In terms of the labor market, we watch that carefully because obviously, a lot of other industries are suffering right now. We are not. We have a large internal workforce in cruise. We also use outsourced crews for some of the work. And right now, it's all working out okay. There's a number of training resources and opportunities that we think will increase the available workforce over the next several years. So I think generally, we feel okay, but I mean, that really is a quarter-by-quarter question that you asked. So the best I can tell you today is this quarter, next quarter, we feel okay.
Jeffrey Stoops: I think it will continue to look challenging from an acquisition perspective really based on price wall. Prices continue to remain high, and in our opinion, without much differentiation for quality, which is where we end up being very selective and picking our spots carefully. I do think there's enough out there for us to certainly hit the low end of our historical targeted range of 5% portfolio growth. I imagine with Tanzania and some increased activity that we expected some of our existing markets that we will build more towers next year as well. So all in all, that will be -- the 5% to 10% portfolio growth will be the goal again next year.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. And that -- just to be clear, that's in response to demand for increased megawattage and capacity at these data centers. So that is CapEx that we're extremely pleased to be able to invest.
Jeffrey Stoops: No. I think to be clear, Phil, we said that they were steady relative to kind of last quarter. I believe that they will ramp up in the times to come.
Jeffrey Stoops: Let me -- I'll just leave it the way I said it. I believe that their activity levels will ramp as we move into next year.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. And I mean when you really parse out our comments, David, and you look at the domestic split between leasing and amendments, and you think about historically how networks get upgraded mostly through amendments. So where are all those new leases coming from? Well, they're mostly coming from DISH. So yes, for this quarter and last quarter, they're right up there in terms of quarterly contributions with the other Big 3. So that's why we said what we said. In terms of South Africa, those spectrum auctions have been pushed back a little bit. There's a lot of interplay between the wireless carriers and the government. The best that we can tell is that the auctions will be not this year, but in 2022, now are scheduled for the first half but they will be the full suite of 5G spectrum. I think it's 600 or 700 rather, 2.5 and 3.5. So you're going to have all the tools necessary for the carriers in that country to pick up what they need to move into 5G. So obviously, we're excited about that. It will mean similar to what it means in the U.S. when customers move from 4G to 5G.
Jeffrey Stoops: What we're learning is that -- it's generally a good business, data centers in general, not that anybody needs me to tell them that. But one that we like and we see synergies with the micro edge facilities where we have now -- we've got 4 or 5 of these things more being built. And in many cases, the sale was made because we were able to provide data center space in addition to the micro edge space. So there's a big demand for redundancy, for disaster recovery, for backup. So the hub-and-spoke model that we talked about earlier as to where we think this makes the most sense from our perspective is playing out, albeit a little bit slowly because I'm not sure the edge has really quite moved yet to the tower site, but it is headed in that direction.
Jeffrey Stoops: It could evolve in either of those directions. But it does evolve into a more converged universe. And I think ultimately, the degree of that convergence, Mike, will be how much computing power is truly needed right at the cell site. And I don't think we know yet.
Jeffrey Stoops: On your first question, it could make sense where we control both ends of the destination to have fiber running between that we actually own. We do think, over time, Brett, that a full suite of product offerings and solutions to the customer will be good. I mean it's hard to sell someone -- it's not as easy rather, to sell someone micro edge space when at the same time you said, well, you've got to go funding a fiber. So we'll see and never say never. But we -- I don't think the way fiber has been traditionally bought, developed and deployed -- that's a business I don't know that we would enter. It's going to be more when it joins 2 ends of things that we control.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. And on the length of the activity, Colby, comments really reflect just the historical norms of the life cycle of the G upgrade going from 1G to the next. Mean when you think about where Verizon is and where AT&T is on C-band, the 3.45 stuff that's not even out yet, and where DISH is, I mean it's pretty easy to see that activity is going to move into 2023.
Jeffrey Stoops: I mean at some point, that has to flat line. I don't know I don't know specifically how to answer that question for next year until we see more about the 3.45 auction and understand some more of the timing. But I think flat line or not, I understand the importance of that from an investor perspective. But I mean we see years of elevated activity.
Jeffrey Stoops: We will build sites next year in every market in which we are currently active. So -- and in most of those markets, more sites than we build today. And we're looking at generally 10%-ish tower cash flow yield on day 1.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. That transaction is supposed -- now the latest thinking is that, that doesn't get consummated until sometime next year. And then with the network rationalization aspects that come out of that not starting until sometime in 2023.
Jeffrey Stoops: PG&E is ahead of plan, benefiting from all of the U.S. activity from all the contributors that we earlier discussed in general. So we're extremely pleased with that. And...
Jeffrey Stoops: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this evening, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter sometime in February. Have a great day.
Brendan Cavanagh: Ric, it's Brendan. So first of all, you may have noticed in our bridge that we made an adjustment to actually reduce our domestic churn impact for '21. That's basically all due to Sprint. It's a timing issue, though. It's taking them perhaps a little bit longer than we were anticipating because we're making some estimates, obviously, around that heading into it. That doesn't change our view on the total potential exposure for churn, but it shifts the timing back to slightly. So I would expect that to kind of move to next year. In terms of what we expect today, we've given some ranges in the past, and I'll kind of reiterate that. They move a little bit, obviously, as we learn more about it. But this year, in '21, we would expect the total impact to end up being somewhere around $7 million. Next year is a higher year for us based on the timing of when leases hit the end of their terms. We expect it to be probably at the higher end of our previously stated range of $30 million to $35 million. I'd say it's closer to $35 million, mostly because of the shift in timing I just mentioned. And then in 2023 and 2024, we would estimate somewhere in the $10 million to $20 million range for impact in each of those years. And our biggest years of exposure are 2025 and '26 where the range would be somewhere in that $45 million-ish range, $40 million to $50 million, say, to put brackets around it for each of those years. And then some de minimis amount after that. In terms of where it's coming from, a lot of it is on overlap sites, but some of it is certainly on sites that are proximity sites. And then in some cases, it's not always totally clear to us. I think they're still working through that. We don't have total vision on what they're doing with other neighboring sites. But I would say it's a mix of the two. But obviously, the greatest focus as it relates to our portfolio will be the sites where they have direct overlap.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Walt, this is Brendan. Yes, it seems like thus far, from what we've seen in our communications with them that it's generally still targeting the same thing that we thought originally more or less. I think the shift here is really just the timing on moving off of some of the sites. You may have even seen they talked about some delay in shutting down the CDMA network. I think that probably is a factor in it. So I don't think that the overall focus is shifting at all, but the timing might be slightly different. That's all.
Brendan Cavanagh: So on the international churn, we've been -- as you probably seen and we talked about, I think, on previous calls that we expected some elevated international churn this year. We haven't experienced most of that yet through the year. But in the fourth quarter, we expect to see that jump. Largely due -- the primary reason is due to consolidation-related churn, particularly with Claro and Telefónica combining in Guatemala, a lot of the impacts of that are starting to be felt here in the fourth quarter, which is what's going to drive the full year number that we provided. And obviously, with it being so late in the year, it has an impact on what we would expect to report not just in the fourth quarter but in the next -- into next year. In addition, there are -- we are dealing with a number of our customers in Central America. We have some that are working through network changes due to various issues that they face. And others where the terms of the agreements are starting to come to an end, and we're working through what their future plans might look like. So we expect there might be some incremental churn associated with that, but we also would expect longer-term commitments and other business commitments as well as part of that. So it really was an indication mostly though, about the consolidation churn that we're going to experience in Q4.
Brendan Cavanagh: There's been some CapEx spent on the data centers that we acquired. So that might be the incremental piece that we obviously hadn't had in the past.
Brendan Cavanagh: No, it is mostly pass-through expenses. It's actually -- a lot of it is actually related to ground leases, in particular, in Brazil, where we pass those through to the carriers. And that -- part of that is CPI that we didn't -- while we projected CPI increases across our tenant leases, we didn't necessarily include that on the ground leases because it's a pass-through. But as that's starting to come along with the increased inflation down there, it's pushing ground rents higher, which obviously pushes the pass-through rents higher as well, plus there is some power costs, as you mentioned as well. That's the main driver.
Brendan Cavanagh: And then in terms of the nontraditional tenants in the backlog, there are some certainly, Brett, but as a percentage of the total backlog it's pretty small, partially because the big carriers are so active right now that we have huge backlogs with them. And so it's pretty immaterial in terms of its overall impact.
Brendan Cavanagh: Jeff, I'll start on the international churn side. I do expect it to be elevated not only in the fourth quarter but into next year, in part because the fourth quarter -- especially when we report our same-tower churn numbers, it's obviously on a trailing 12 months basis. So what happens in Q4 will be carried with us throughout the balance of the year. So next year will certainly be higher in terms of its full year impact than this year because of the concentration late in the year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean, so the growth rate stepped up, it's really a combination of 2 things. One is the escalators are higher because of the CPI-based increases. And as inflation has increased in Brazil, that's caused our escalators to be increasing. And then we have in addition, seeing increased actual leasing activity over the last 2 quarters where it's sequentially increased over what it had been at the beginning of the year. I think really, as we come out of some of the more serious COVID-related periods in Brazil, we're starting to see the carriers moving back more towards traditional spending levels. And so that's encouraging as well.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. There's -- now you're talking about the concession sites, I think, from the acquisition that we did. Yes. No, there's really not, and we expect that we'll -- those will actually be continued on. And actually, those leases extend out, I believe, longer than that with us as a commitment from Hawaii that goes out beyond the...
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean, once they reach a level, I mean that -- we're giving the concentrations above 10% of revenue. Obviously, they'd have to achieve that. Their contributions to leasing activity are significant and on par with the other carriers now. But obviously, the total sum of revenue, considering they're starting at zero, is at a much lower percentage. So we ultimately will do that if they achieve that level of contribution.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the balance sheet, the -- just to correct what you said, the average interest rate is now on a pro forma basis, 2.6%. There are potentially some other possibilities. We obviously have maturity dates that come up over the next several years. Really, we'll have to see where interest rates are as we hit those dates. There's probably some opportunity to refinance and have some additional improvement, but I think we've done the vast majority of that now with the last deal that we just completed this past month.
