Jeff Stoops: We – starting last year, about middle of the year we began to see a shift towards more new leases, more co-locations versus amendments, although even through perhaps the lowest contributing quarter from amendment it was still around 50%. Then in the fourth quarter we actually saw very big jump, again in the amount of amendment activity and that amendment activity has carried through the first quarter, it’s carried through our existing backlogs. And we do -- I don't know exactly how much of the splits between new leases and amendments when 2014 is all said and done will be the case, but we do expect for the full year to have sizable contributions from amendments.
Jeff Stoops: So up from where we initially put forth guidance but not quite as high as what we actually experienced in Q1.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, just to be clear on your first question about the iDEN, you were talking about Sprint decomming their equipment as opposed to us decomming towers, is that right?Jonathan Atkin – RBC Capital Markets: Correct.
Jeff Stoops: We are seeing Sprint decom equipment at the site, for the most part they have shut down their network. It's really more a function of just getting to all the sites I think from a resource standpoint to actually remove equipment but that doesn't necessarily sync up with the timing of the leases decomming or churning off which will take place over several year period. So I would say we’re only partly through the actual physical decommissions.
Jeff Stoops: I didn’t, we didn’t really quantify it. I mean if you extrapolate the rate of same tower revenue or same tower cash revenue growth in Q1 at 10.4 versus 10 on a net basis that’s implied in the outlook, you probably could come up with some numbers.
Jeff Stoops: Well, it’s interesting because what we're seeing now in large part on the amendments is densification. As I mentioned a lot of these amendments are going on sites where there already has been an initial 4G rollout. So we’re literally seeing another amendment on top of that and in some cases the second amendment all after the initial 4G deployment has been rolled out. So we view that as densification as well. But I think all the factors that are at play increasing wireless demand that you’re going to end up with shrinking cell densities. And I think that bodes very, very well for not only increase amendments but also increased new cell co-efficiency.
Jeff Stoops: I mean it’s possible, David, because what we've seen out of Sprint is a lot of activity but it's all about the initial network vision project. So going beyond the network vision project, other than just 2.5G business which is just really get started, I don't know that we've seen certainly the levels of activity from Sprint that we’ve seen from say AT&T or Verizon. So you may be right there. Sprint has been very busy but it’s still pretty much all centered around the initial network vision project. And on the loads, most of the action is now going on, or comprised of the remote radio heads and it's really just the volume of equipment, we’re seeing many many installations now where there is north of 20 lines and 20 antennas.
Jeff Stoops: Yeah, on the equipment Jonathan, we’re not seeing a lot yet on the new architecture, most of what we’re experiencing now is the historic radios on ground and radios on the tower business and that’s -- we think there's a lot of that business left to go before we get into the next generation of architecture.
Jeff Stoops: Well that is a great but difficult question to answer, because it’s really all going to be driven by the local site traffic patterns, how much data is being promulgated over that particular site. But I mean our history has, as you know any future applicability maybe half of the sites over time are going to see second, third amendments, for the basic 4G deployments.
Jeff Stoops: I think we’re going to have strong margins, I don't know if we’re going to have north of 20% margins every quarter throughout the year but I do think we’re in an environment here where over the course of the year we’re going to have probably the strongest margins that we’ve had.
Jeff Stoops: Well, we continue to enjoy our relationship with ExteNet. They’re busier today than they were several years ago, we think that’s going to continue to grow and we think small cells are definitely going to have a place in network architecture. But clearly from our results they’re not cutting into the macro business and we really see continued strong growth in both small cells and the macro side of the network architecture.
Jeff Stoops: We will see, we will see, we do not have the right to control that issue. But we have a relationship with ExteNet and should the opportunity arise we certainly would take a look.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, it will come up a little bit and to be honest with you, our domestic same tower growth rate was slightly higher than our international, because we’re still progressing and making, trying to get up to hitting on all eight cylinders in our Brazilian market. And we had -- the only towers in Brazil that were included in those calculations were 800 towers that we acquired at the end of 2012 and we’re seeing all kinds of great prospects and momentum with – getting these leasing agreements in place to get that up. But candidly the domestic same tower growth rate was slightly higher than international.
Jeff Stoops: We just got it, that may prove to give us cause to increase that over the year, it’s about 500 tower new builds award that we got.
Jeff Stoops: Brazil is a great market, it’s got a tremendous future for new network investment, but it does have the FX issues. Over time, over 10, 20 year history, the FX of the reais versus the US dollar has moved in a fairly predictable pattern but that is definitely something that would mitigate our desire to get even larger in – and I can’t give you a mathematical answer, Ric, as to how much of our overall exposure that we would be willing to subject to FX risk, there are definitely limits there that will factor into how big we will ultimately get in any non-US market [ph].
Jeff Stoops: Yes, I mean the reason we are down there is really for this new – for the new build business because there’s so much to be done down there, we acquired some scale and some operating competency but we’re just now on the cusp of doing what we really want to be doing down there which is lot of new builds.
Jeff Stoops: Yes, on the leasing side, little bit in the services, there is little bit of that in the services outlook but not on the leasing side.
Jeff Stoops: Certainly there will be a lot of money spent in that area. I'm not exactly sure that the economics will prove as interesting to us as our core tower business.
Jeff Stoops: Great. Well, I appreciate everybody joining us today on the call and we look forward to our second quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Brendan Cavanagh: On the M&A side, Jon, we continue to be interested, we’ve had a long history of creating shareholder value through successful portfolio growth. I do believe we have more of that in our future. I think it is safe to say that the opportunity set is probably greater outside the United States than it currently is in the United States. So we will continue to look around the globe as I mentioned in the comments, we are more interested in continued Western Hemisphere growth. But we do -- we are interested in the right portfolio growth where we’re confident that it’s going to lead to increased value.
Brendan Cavanagh: Jon, first on the straight line, basically all of that increase is associated with Brazil and specifically the two Oi transactions that we did, just over the last two quarters the leaseback from Oi includes a minimum escalator although all of the lease escalation down there are tied to the Brazilian CPI index, there is a minimum that’s built into the leaseback from OI in both of those deals, which creates a very large straight-line component, that quite honestly wasn't contemplated in the initial guidance numbers that we gave out, we only included the cash piece as there were still a lot of information to process around calculating that straight-line. And so we started to recognize in the first quarter, have included the increase in our guidance associated with that.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah, on the escalators Colby, all of our escalators internationally are fixed with the exception of Brazil where all of the escalators in Brazil are tied to CPI, the one exception to that as I mentioned earlier in discussing the straight line component is that the Oi deals that we did, both of them have a leaseback from Oi on those sites, so that’s over 4000 leases. Those do have a minimum escalators, so they’re tied to the CPI but at no less than a minimum which is 6.5%. So all of our Central America leases have fixed escalators that mirror generally what we see here in the US in the 3% to 4% range.
