Mark DeRussy: Good evening, everyone. And thank you for joining us for SBA's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we will discuss on this call is forward-looking, including, but not limited to, any guidance for 2022 and beyond. In today's press release and in our SEC filings, we detail material risks that may cause our future results to differ from our expectations. Our statements are as of today, April 25, and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statements that we may make. In addition, our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures and other key operating metrics. The reconciliation of and other information regarding these items can be found in our supplemental financial data package, which is located on the landing page of our Investor Relations website. With that, I will now turn it over to Brendan to discuss our first quarter results.
Mark DeRussy: Thanks, Brendan. We ended the quarter with $12.7 billion of total debt and $12.4 billion of net debt. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio was 7.3 times, well within our target, notwithstanding a substantial amount of capital allocated in the first quarter. Our first quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 5.3 times, the highest in the company's history.  As of the end of the quarter, the weighted average interest rate of our outstanding debt was 2.6% with a weighted average maturity of approximately 4.6 years, and the interest rate on 92% of our outstanding debt is fixed. As of today, we have $590 million outstanding under our $1.5 billion revolver. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares of our common stock for $431.6 million at an average price per share of $332. Included in these amounts, subsequent to our previous disclosure of share buybacks in our fourth quarter earnings release, is the repurchasing of 253,000 shares for $81.6 million at an average price per share of $322.10. All the shares repurchased were retired. We currently have $504.7 million of repurchase authorization remaining under our $1 billion stock repurchase plan. The company's shares outstanding at March 31, 2022, were 107.8 million, compared to 109.3 million at March 31, 2021, a reduction of 1.4%.  In addition, during the first quarter, we declared and paid a cash dividend of $76.9 million or $0.71 per share. And today, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a second quarter dividend of $0.71 per share, which is an increase of 22.4% over the second quarter of last year. It's payable on June 14, 2022, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 19, 2022. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark DeRussy: Well, it's Mark. The absolute dollars, the numerator in that calculation, has been flat for a couple of quarters now, which is -- as a percentage is going down.
Jeffrey Stoops: Thanks, Mark. And good evening, everyone. As you have heard, we had a very strong start to the year with strong operating and financial results, again generating double-digit percentage growth in AFFO per share. Our better-than-expected results combined with continued elevated activity levels with our customers have set us up well for the balance of this year. We have increased our outlook for full year revenues by $65 million and AFFO per share by $0.24. These upward revisions are indicative of the positive environment we are currently in.  The U.S. market remains particularly strong. Each of our U.S. carrier customers remained busy during the quarter, signing up new leases and amendments and generally investing in the build-out of their networks through the deployment of new spectrum bands. T-Mobile continued their nationwide deployment of 2.5 gigahertz and 600 megahertz spectrum. Verizon and AT&T increased their 5G-related signings with us, with particular focus on C-band-oriented deployments. And DISH continued signing up new lease agreements actively in support of their nationwide 5G network build-out. These carrier activity levels also drove meaningful U.S. services results where we produced record services revenue and margin results for the fourth quarter in a row. Our backlogs also continue to replenish and support our confidence in continued strong performance. Internationally, we had another strong quarter, finishing ahead of our internal expectations for organic tower leasing and new build activity in most of our markets. During the first quarter, we signed up 49% of new international revenue through new leases and 51% through amendments to existing leases. Coupled with increased escalators due to higher consumer price indexes in many of our markets, this leasing activity drove some of our strongest organic international leasing revenue growth in years.  We are also off to a good start integrating our new Tanzanian operations, and we continue to build new sites and tower backlogs in the Philippines. In addition, we recently acquired a new datacenter in Sao Paulo that we believe will allow us to more fully explore the potential for tower edge mobile computing in Brazil. We believe this datacenter can act as a hub for tower edge datacenters and C-RAN deployments based on discussions with some of our carrier customers in Brazil. Overall, internationally, we have a lot of very exciting things happening, and we continue to believe that 2022 will be a very good year. In addition to our strong operational performance during the first quarter, we also continued to execute well with regard to our balance sheet and capital allocation. We meaningfully increased our dividend and invested in significant asset additions as well as significant stock repurchases. We were able to make these investments while maintaining our net debt to adjusted EBITDA leverage at 7.3 times, right in the middle of our target range of 7 to 7.5 times, and our weighted average cost of debt remains largely fixed and at our all-time low of 2.6%.  We believe our ability to manage leverage while continuing to invest in our business is critical during this current time of more broadly increasing interest rates. We are well positioned to continue to grow our business, but also to weather any kind of challenging macro environment. We are very pleased with our start to 2022. I'm going to keep my comments brief as I believe our results and increased outlook tell the story very well. I believe the rest of the year will be similar to the first quarter, excellent blocking and tackling on our part against a very strong demand environment. We are in a great industry during a time of increasing organic growth, and we are more financially healthy than at any time in our history. We have great confidence in the balance of the year and look forward to helping our customers achieve their ambitious network goals. I want to finish by again thanking our team members for their commitment and contributions to our success.  And with that, Colin, we are now ready for questions.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. On the datacenter question, I think it's really no change in our activity, trajectory and direction around mobile edge that we've been talking about now for, I guess, at least a year. I would look at this as an extension of what we're doing in the U.S. to our largest international market, Brazil. And we think it will continue our learning and interactions with our customers.  And I would say so far that the results are encouraging, and we continue to believe that we will be benefited and that the mobile edge will in fact have value created or create value at our tower sites. And we think these datacenter investments, albeit modest, are going to help us get there.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, prepared for what? I mean I think it all -- it all remains to be seen how robust the edge at the tower site business. And that's what we're focused on. So from that perspective, I think our measured approach is the right one for us.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. I think it is going to be a multiyear endeavor, Simon, particularly keeping in mind that the C-band clears in phases over years. So there's really going to be multiple years still ahead where C-band deployments are going to have to take place. I take our customers' comments at face value.  I can tell you, though, that there's a lot of work to be done. And at least on the C-band deployment side of things, they are just in their infancy. It can only be a multiyear endeavor. So I'm not sure how that will be impacted, if at all, by the fixed wireless initiative and the spend there. It's really -- obviously, one is primarily a mobility product, and the other is a location-driven product, but I don't -- we've not seen any signs that the success in the fixed wireless area is going to impact the mobility spend.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. On the Oi situation, Rick, the sale has closed. Oi Mobility. Wireless has been sold in parts to Claro, TIM and Vivo. They've all got some cell sites. They've all got some subscribers. Only Tim and Vivo got spectrum, however, because Claro was already at their regulatory prescribed limits.  And where it all stands right now is that each of the recipients or winning bidders or the three remaining need to prepare and file with the regulators various plans and answers to some conditions and restrictions that were put on the approvals. That has not happened yet. We'll be watching with great interest what those filings will be. But also keep in mind now we have the 5G auctions done in Brazil and the spectrum ready to be released and with some time limits on deployment at least around the major capital cities.
Jeffrey Stoops: Keep in mind on the expense side, Rick, the ground leases, which are the single largest component in Brazil, are a pass-through item. So we have that protection. Where we are likely to see the impact is, of course, on the labor side. And we will see that because of the way the Brazilian employment laws are written. But again, I would point out that, given the operating leverage in the business, the percentage of employee costs against revenue is extremely small. So we have some great elasticity to be able to absorb any employee-related CPI increases.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. On the services, Dave, the biggest issue is not so much the margin inside each of our two services segments. It's really the mix of the two. Site acquisition has historically been the higher-margin business. Construction has been a lower-margin business. I will tell you, though, that the margins that we're currently experiencing in both segments relative to our history are very good, maybe pushing all-time highs. But really, the biggest driver of where margins come out, it's the mix between site acquisition and construction services, although we -- again, we're very, very happy with where each of those segments are performing. One of the ramifications of a big services quarter, though, given the fact that it is a lower-margin business, is its impact on our adjusted EBITDA margin. So for those of you who are wondering why that is where it is this quarter, it's really because of the large amount of services revenue that we booked this quarter.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. I think we're still of the same mind in terms of the aggregate exposure, which -- Mark, jump in here and make sure I say the right numbers.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. So nothing's really changed there, Nick. As what we have seen in the U.S. that to actually migrate customers and truly decommission sites, it's a little more complex. It takes a little more time than people think. Now that's really a timing comment. We don't -- we think the ultimate numbers will be what Brendan just said. But we really don't have any specific instructions from them as of this point. We do expect that, as the year progresses, we will begin to get more clarity on the timing and final amount that we will be looking at.  But they are -- on the other side, the 3 now nationwide carriers are all active to varying degrees with the new spectrum deployments.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. I think, as our experimentation and learning process continues to move in a positive direction, it would not be impossible to see us buy a couple more datacenters, but I don't think we would ever get to the point where you would see -- I mean it won't ever get close to 1% of enterprise value, I don't believe.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I know, Brendan, you could get to the net, but I know that the gross number, Mike, we expect to grow sequentially as we move through the year.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, clearly, there would be a rate level which would -- and I -- and I don't really want to get pinned down on what that is. But clearly, there would be a rate at which we would look at different leverage levels.  But beyond that, Mike, what we're looking at is our dividend, our dividend payout ratio, how much our EBITDA growth looks to be. So I mean we really do try and be very thoughtful and take into account everything that should be taken into account.  But I mean on an absolute basis, of course, there would be some interest rate that if we thought it was going to be maintained and sustained for long periods of time, if it were materially higher than where we are today, will cause us to revisit our leverage targets.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I think it's 100% for every customer that we have an MLA with is somehow touched by the MLA. So that's DISH, Verizon and T-Mobile. And then we don't have one with AT&T. It's not really a situation where some of it's covered and some of it's not per carrier.
Jeffrey Stoops: And just to be clear, our MLAs, though, are still based on specific activity from those customers and equipment specificity. They're not just a broad open-ended thing.
Jeffrey Stoops: We do. Although I know that they're working on an integrated one as well, which will come out at some point.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, it will be primarily driven by what the equipment looks like and how it stacks up compared to: a, if anything is coming off, that's a swap. If it's not, then we would look at the equipment and price it accordingly based on height, weight, wind load.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah, they're not increasing. So that's -- we're thankful for that. There are some signs that the current interest rate environment is going to have a depressive effect on prices. As you know, Greg, it takes a while for current market conditions to factor through to private market sellers. However, it is headed in that direction where, obviously, rates should and I think will impact price over time.  On the supply side of equipment and labor, I don't want to jinx things, but as of today, we are not seeing any material impact on either the supply chain side or the labor side for our business.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. I think I'd characterize the state of the escalator issue with our customers, Brett, as one where I think certainty and a fixed number benefits both sides. Even though, clearly, in a year like this, with a fixed escalator, one party wins, the other loses, but that's a very temporary kind of condition. And over time, the Fed has a mandate to reduce inflation back to 2% or less.  So I really don't know that there's a lot of appetite on either side to change that around really because if you have a very, very big inflation year, the person on the CPI end of that, whether it's us on ground leases or our customers on the tenant leases, they're not going to be happy. So I think we're pretty satisfied with the state of the world as it currently exists. And I don't think -- we consciously are making international decisions relative to U.S. decisions with any kind of belief that this will be better because we get CPI escalators. The traditional economic theory is if there's higher inflation in those markets, the currency is going to trade off.  So we don't really think that, that is a reason why to favor international over the U.S. The reason we go internationally is because we have a capital allocation and a target leverage, which we think is one of our principal creators of shareholder value, and we have been able to find enough to do in the U.S. And we found some very, very good things to do internationally, and I think that will continue to be the primary motivation.
Jeffrey Stoops: No, no. We've generally matched off -- when I say generally, I mean we've -- substantially, every single U.S. tower that is ground leased has a fixed escalator. And they typically average less than our average tenant escalator. So we feel -- and of course, you know that's our single largest source of expense and getting to the tower cash flow line is the ground leases. So we feel pretty well protected there, Brett.
Jeffrey Stoops: I think there's a different reason. I think, Walt, what you're looking at is kind of the gross churn that historically includes -- has always included some kind of consolidation churn.
Jeffrey Stoops: I could tell you that the activity level is pretty broadly distributed. And we do have a construct with DISH where once the lease is signed, revenue recognition for us begins at either a construction milestone or a date certain. And it's really the -- to actually look at all that and synthesize that and turn it into guidance is a bit of an art. So there'll be some possibilities that things move around there.  But for the most part, as we move through the year, things are known with a greater degree of certainty. So there's some opportunities for some movement. But for the most part, we feel pretty, pretty good about DISH's contribution. In terms of your comment about them being behind by six-- I mean maybe that's their own internal goals and projections, but I would repeat what we've said now for, I think, the better part of the year, which is they're very active, actually busier with us than we thought they would be for a rolling 12-month period. And they continue to be very, very busy and driving hard towards satisfying their June 2023 regulatory obligations.
Jeffrey Stoops: Yeah. We continue to pursue a variety of different things, Jon. We have a growing indoor DAS business. We have a growing connected venues business where we get in and actually kind of build out the telecommunications infrastructure in new developments. We have added some rooftop sites for sure. And we have picked up now three datacenters.  None of that stuff comes close to being anywhere near material compared to the basic macro tower business. And while we are seeing good return on invested capital in all these areas, and we will continue to look at them and believe that we're picking areas that will scale over time. I mean we are, for all intents and purposes, for the foreseeable future we are a macro tower company.
Jeffrey Stoops: We're buying rooftops. We are developing rooftops. We're playing in pretty much all the areas other than fiber, outdoor small cells on a big basis and undersea cable. But none of it is -- gets to the point where it's going to occupy a material portion of our financial results in the foreseeable future.  So the question then, I guess, should be, why are you doing it? And the answer is, well, because of where we are, who we are and what we've done over the years, we do get a lot of ancillary opportunities. And these are good assets, exclusive assets that are going to produce for us a good return on invested capital and are generally pursued and occupied by folks who are otherwise engaged in the macro tower business.
Jeffrey Stoops: Great. Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us for what you heard was a great first quarter. And we look forward to reporting continued success as we move through this year. Thank you.
Brendan Cavanagh: Just, Amir, on the churn question, we don't have any real changes to our long-term expectations. What you're seeing is a slight shift in timing. So a little bit less of an expectation in this year, but ultimately, those incremental dollars would just move to next year. So what we've given out in the past in terms of expectations each year is generally the same as it's been before.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. So the $6 million of incremental churn for Digital represents about three quarters. So there'll be another couple of million dollars into next year. There's probably also a little bit of additional, Rick, because we were already assuming some digital churn previously, not associated with this liquidation, just as they were shutting down certain sites because they were obviously already having some issues. So there's probably an extra $1 million or so in addition that would flow into next year.
Brendan Cavanagh: The CPI in Brazil right now for us -- for our average for the year went to about 9%. The actual rate is higher than that. It's closer to 11%, I believe, right now. And the timing is really tied to when the leases individually escalate. There are some larger concentrations because of some of the acquisitions that we did. Those tend to be in the fourth quarter and the second quarter. But really, it's just a function of the time that the anniversary date of each individual lease and what the CPI looks like on a year-over-year basis at that point in time. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. On the rate impacts, the impact is primarily due to: one, an assumed increase in CPI rates; and two, slightly more of our revolver being drawn during the course of the year associated with some of the incremental spend that we've just incurred or have under contract. So if you look at our CapEx guidance, it's up a little bit so that, that requires that along with the share repurchases that we did that weren't assumed before that we have a little bit more capital drawn and because it's floating rate and the CPI is increasing. That's really driving the increase in our net cash interest expense guidance that we gave. Otherwise, there's really no changes to that.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. What's in the guidance for 2022 is now approximately $27 million. I think we had previously told you $30 million. Obviously, we lowered our full year number by $3 million. The first quarter piece of that, I don't know -- let me check that and get back to you, and I'll mention on the call if we are done with you before then.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. We do expect the growth to move up sequentially. We also expect the churn node to move up sequentially during the year. Obviously, as indicated by the first quarter shift here, there's some potential that our expectations around timing are off on the churn, but our expectation and what's in our guidance shows that it's increasing. So the net will be a modest increase, maybe flat to modest increase quarter-over-quarter going through the year. In terms of the mix, I don't think we want to get into the individual carriers that make up the mix. I think we've been pretty clear in the past that on a lot of -- the last few quarters, a lot of the lease-up, one of the significant contributors there was DISH in terms of their new agreements. So obviously, they would be a nice component of that growth, but all the carriers have contributed to the lease-up activity. So they're all in the mix.
Brendan Cavanagh: And Mike, before you go, let me follow back up on your question about how much Sprint in the first quarter. It was approximately $4 million of impact in the quarter, so a little over 1% of the roughly 2.7%.
Brendan Cavanagh: Greg, I think we missed your first question. You didn't -- you were -- the first part of that cut off.
Brendan Cavanagh: No, I don't -- I mean I think it's -- so that what's left is about 1.5, maybe 1.6% if you exclude the Sprint piece. And I don't think that's lower. I mean we've actually been -- we've been much lower than that. If you go back a couple of years ago where we were below 1%, but we've historically been somewhere in that usually between 1% and 2%, sometimes lower. So I don't think it's abnormal.
Brendan Cavanagh: We're expecting a larger step up as we move throughout the year. So I mean, just incrementally, I think stepping up because it just builds over time. But it's really dependent on when those leases turn down, termination dates and everything else. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Yeah. No, it's going to step up, but I think mostly in the second half of the year. There'll be a modest step-up is our expectation next quarter and then more material into the third and then even further into the fourth quarter.
Brendan Cavanagh: No. We don't adjust our underwriting. We may do fewer deals, David. But if you look at the history of what we've done, we like what we've done, and we'll continue to exercise the same discipline.  And I think when you -- if you really understand what we're about, it's about creating value for our shareholders. There aren't particularly great as we see them strategic benefits of just being big in a bunch of different countries. We are much more interested in the financial characteristics and investment goals of each and every transaction. And we lose a lot, but we get enough to generally satisfy our 5% to 10% portfolio growth goals. And we're going to continue to operate that way.
Brendan Cavanagh: We typically will use whatever the forwards are that you would generally pull from Bloomberg, some sort of average of a number of institutions that published projections. The one thing I can assure you of, David, is that we will be wrong on what we assume. I don't know whether we'll be wrong to the positive or the negative, but it's very hard to nail down. So we use what the experts are saying at any given time. But even since we kind of put our numbers together, which is at the end of last week, just in the last 2 days, we've seen the currency weakened relative to the dollar. So it's a little bit closer. So you -- basically, if you look at Brazil, our average for the balance of the year that we've assumed is essentially 5:1. And I think today, it ended up 4 88 or something like that. So it's fairly close to what the spot rate is.
Brendan Cavanagh: Okay. On the backlog question, just to be clear on how we evaluate backlog for our leasing business, we're looking at the number of applications for new leases and amendments. Obviously, the pricing may vary depending on exactly what they do and sometimes that pricing has to be negotiated.  So it's not necessarily dollar-based. So I think I can't -- the number of applications is up. So when we say it's up, that's what we're referring to. So I can't really give you a -- what would the lease-up be if it were the same for the last few quarters. On the leasing dollars question in the fourth quarter, we do think we can get to the low-20s by the end of the year. As to whether that would be a run rate going forward is partially dependent on activity levels for the balance of this year, which we think will remain fairly strong. But as of today, I can't comment on what next year's number will be.
Michael Rollins: Thanks and good afternoon. First question for me was, curious if you could unpack the merger churn in the U.S. from Sprint and T-Mobile that was within the first quarter results as well as what's in the guidance for 2022.
Michael Rollins: Sure. And then just as you're thinking about the year domestically. Just curious how you're thinking about that 3.7% net growth that you did in 1Q relative to the full year guide. If I'm calculating the numbers right on Slide 4, I think it is, it also looks like for the full year organically you're looking for about that amount, but with churn possibly ramping higher as a contribution.  So just kind of curious how you're thinking about the growth moving through the year and the net and what the contribution that may be layered in for DISH and AT&T as you're just thinking about that full year growth expectation for 2022.
Michael Rollins: And how does the -- when we think about the longer-term leverage targets for the business, do you have a rule of thumb in terms of rates to a certain level and leverage to be a certain level? Or is your view of leverage less dependent on the rate environment within  
