Jeff Stoops: I would say over my 25, 26 years, Jon, there’s been a steady connection between growth in wireless demand and necessary infrastructure. And I think that really has its roots in the laws of physics and the way radio spectrum works. We’ve seen cycles that have repeated themselves over time. The current cycle feels like it’s going to be a bit more elongated than perhaps some of the prior cycles, as I think our customers are demonstrating. Not that they didn’t demonstrate fiscal prudence over the years, but it seems to be a particularly higher priority than racing to deploy spectrum, which they will own, and deploy it when they need it. But the basics haven’t really changed that much. We haven’t seen any technology that really will obsolete the basic tower business model. We watch satellites and things like that, and we watch small cells. And the macro site really continues to be the backbone of wireless communications. And the conversations we have with our customers tell us that they expect macro sites to continue to be the backbone. So I think there’s always ups and downs and twists and turns, but directionally it remains pretty much the way it was many years ago.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I think, Rick, the reason we haven't broken out total AFFO versus just AFFO from requalifying income that dividend is calculated, is we're not close to any of those levels. I mean, I think our philosophy will never change, which is we're only going to pay out what we have to on that calculation. And it also kind of confuses people if we introduced another metric. It's just, I think, easier for people to understand and think about when we're using AFFO. But we have a long way to go before we get to the point where we've exhausted our NOLs. And that gives us the ability to increase dividends faster than perhaps others. But at the same time, we're watching the total payout as a percentage of AFFO. And we're going to be able to do both, keep a lower relative payout ratio and increase the dividend at a faster pace for the next several years.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I think the FCC spectrum authority issue has to be resolved here soon. At the same time, the FCC has lost their spectrum authority. The White House and other governmental agencies are trying to plot and figure out long-term spectrum availability. So – and everybody knows it needs to get done, and it will. And I believe, by the time it has been done or will be done, Simon, the dual-band 3.45 and C-band equipment will be ready to go. So that's absolutely something that we think will contribute to next year's leasing. But there's a lot of spectrum still, and we think about things as a percentage of completion or deployment of certain spectrum bands on our towers. There's just a lot left to go. And I think it just shows that our customers are being fiscally prudent and waiting and looking for the right return results before they deploy. But ultimately, they have to deploy, unless the connection between growth in wireless data and the need for physical infrastructure has somehow changed, and that hasn't changed since the beginning of wireless. I'll let Brendan handle your M&A question.
Jeff Stoops: I do believe that there's a lot of spectrum out there, which is why now all of the three largest carriers have now all, or either have, or are beginning to deploy fixed wireless. Don't know that, that technology's been available in the last generation, it would have worked out. I mean, just on that point, from some things that I've read, the fixed wireless subscriber takes up 20 times to 30 times the wireless – the spectrum capacity. So I mean, it's statistics like that, Nick, that give us great confidence that over time, the connection that's existed forever, at least as long as I've been around, the connection between wireless data growth and the need for additional physical infrastructure is going to continue. But yes, I mean there's a lot of spectrum out there now, but it's rapidly getting used up. And it's going to continue to rapidly get used up the more success that the customers have with fixed wireless.
Jeff Stoops: Yes. I think said differently, if we continue to operate the way we have the last couple of quarters, we naturally will have the optionality of being an investment-grade issuer. That really, for us, is not so much more a matter of material leverage reduction as it is commitments and policy changes and things like that. We would, of course, before we materially increase leverage for allocation of capital, we would think long and hard about whether that was the right thing to do in advance of 2025. But it kind of is on a path. And Eric, we think, as we look around the world, look at portfolio pricing and things like that, it's very likely that we end 2024 at a lower leverage level, or certainly not a higher leverage level, than where we end 2023.
Jeff Stoops: It's been an honor and a privilege. And I'm not able to say, as I have in my last 100, that we – that I look forward to talking to you next quarter. But you're in good hands.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I think, Jon, we’ll see in the early part of heading into next year that things will probably be lower than they’ve been. But I would expect to see that increase over time. And it really base that answer mostly on the needs that our customers have. There's still quite a bit of spectrum that has to be deployed on our sites. There are some deadlines out there for certain of our customers that they need to meet. And just based on conversations that we have with them, suggest that there's still a ton of work to be done. But I think, as Jeff kind of alluded to, in the current moment in time, there's a little bit more of a focus on financial constraints and cost control. But I think that naturally will start to give way to network needs as mobile and wireless data consumption increases. So, I would expect that we'll see it start to move up as we get into the middle of next year.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. We're fortunate to be in the position that we're in, where we actually still have fairly sizable NOLs, which gives us some flexibility there, Ric. But as – you kind of look at it as, you produce a certain amount of taxable income, and we satisfy it through a mix of using NOLs and paying out dividends and in order to maintain our REIT compliance. And so by starting when we did, it has allowed us to continue to grow our dividend at a pace that I think is fairly high across most REITs, and will allow us to continue to do that to some degree, it's certainly at a pace greater than the AFFO per share growth. Until we reach a point at which we will have exhausted those NOLs, and at that point, I would expect we'll pay a dividend that is – whatever is necessary to comply with our REIT requirements. So that's kind of the way we look at it. What that means, based on our projections is that we'll continue to have nice growth in our dividend over the coming years. And we'll be able to keep our payout ratio as a percentage of AFFO fairly low, which gives us a lot of flexibility on other discretionary uses for that capital.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So as you alluded to, obviously, the broader environment, in terms of rates and cost of capital, is certainly influencing the trajectory of our leverage levels lately. And really, it's a combination of a couple of things. It's the overall cost, but it's also the relationship to the opportunities in front of us in terms of investing capital and what we see as the potential return on those items. And we haven't seen an appropriate adjustment, I guess, in the price points for some of that investment relative to the shift in the cost of capital. And so as a result, the best use of the cost of capital, most of the time, is to pay off some of our debt. And as you know, we had balances outstanding on our revolver. And so it's easy for us to just pay that down as the use of capital, and given that it's floating rate, it's some of our highest cost debt. So we will continue to do that. But at the same time, we're going to look to be opportunistic around opportunities to invest that capital, and the stock buybacks are representative of that. We started to see our stock trading down to levels where we just felt that it was an appropriate time to jump in, and it would be certainly accretive to us. Both in the short term and over the long term, we would expect to invest a little bit of capital into the buyback. So I think, as we think forward, longer term, we haven't necessarily targeted being investment grade, but the leverage has continued to drop. And that's one of the great things about this business, you continue to grow EBITDA, and it naturally – as we produce a lot of free cash flow, you naturally start to delever quickly. And so we're approaching those levels now where we certainly could move towards investment grade. But as we mentioned in our scripted comments, we are going to maintain that flexibility for the time being and see how things go. And if we decide that, that's a better way to go in terms of improving our cost of capital, then we have that optionality to do it. And if not, and there's other places to invest that we think are going to produce greater returns for our shareholders, we'll go that direction.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I think last quarter, we gave you a range that was around $20 million to $30 million. And so by saying $30 million now, we're seeing it a little bit lower here as we end this year. But the total is still the same. When we originally were giving guidance, we expected to see a little bit more in 2025 and 2026. And now we're thinking 2025 is probably a little bit lower. So again, the total number is going to be basically the same, Ric. It's just trying to pinpoint exactly the timing from year-to-year is – it's been a little bit challenging to do with that kind of precision. But I think we've been pretty close.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. So on the M&A environment, we continue to see a very competitive environment. Notwithstanding where public valuations have gone, private valuations continue to remain elevated. And to the comments that I made earlier, that's obviously influence where we've directed some of our capital. So in the U.S., in particular, pricing is staying high. And even internationally, we're seeing that to some degree. Although I would say, internationally, there's perhaps been less in the market. There's still a ton out there of potential supply, but I think that sellers are being a little more cautious in their timing of bringing things to market.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. The leasing growth, I wouldn't say that it's really all that different than what we thought three months ago when we talked about it. It's perhaps slower than what we thought at the beginning of the year than we were originally thinking how this year would play out. But what we described last quarter, it's staying pretty much in line with that expectation that we laid out. And you could see that even in the guidance that we gave, where we didn't make any changes there. On the AT&T MLA and it's the potential for that with others. We have master agreements in place with other carriers. The form of those agreements can vary among the carriers, but it's really dependent upon the needs of that specific customer, and what works best for them and for us and creates the best win-win situation given what they're trying to accomplish in that particular negotiation. So I would say that we are certainly open to agreements with others over time as they're needed, and we have those conversations all the time. Exactly how they're structured may very well vary though, depending on the carriers' needs.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I don't know if it's necessarily structure. I would agree with your reference to scale, that in markets where we have scale, we've seen the benefits of that in our relationships with the carrier customers in those markets, and our ability to be more impactful in their projects for build-outs that they have. So scale is something that we're definitely paying attention to within these markets. And then in terms of other things that we might add, in some of these places, there are opportunities to provide incremental services that are somehow related or associated with what we currently do that add sort of an extra level of value that we're able to provide. It generates additional revenue streams that but it also kind of strengthens that relationship for a longer period of time. So we're exploring that. We're doing some things around C-RAN hubs, some things around power, some things around security in certain of our markets and we'll continue to explore those opportunities.
Brendan Cavanagh: No, there's not a specific target. I think, excluding Sprint churn, I would expect that we'll be able to produce mid-single digits growth rate in the U.S. But at this point, we're not comfortable to lay out a long-term target. And some of that, Mike, just to be clear, it's – there are a lot of factors that really aren't about wireless needs. If it was just about what do our customers need to do in terms of their network deployments, we perhaps would be able to do that a little bit more comfortably. I think some of these factors around cost of capital and other things that may affect timing of when our customers are spending influence that. So that just leads us to be a little bit more cautious in kind of naming specific targets.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I don't – I think, Nick, it does speak to the higher-margin type work that we're doing. I'm not sure that it's sustainable at that same level that we are experiencing right at the moment. Some of that is really tied to an estimate of costs as we put these jobs on the books, and we're ending up actually finding ways to operate more efficiently and come in at lower cost levels. And then as you kind of true-up [ph] those jobs, since they're accounted for on a percentage of completion basis that helps. But I think, it just is evidence of our intent to focus on high-quality, high-margin work, and we'll continue to do that. But I don't know that 30% margins are the story for the long-term.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. Well, first of all, I think that we have tremendous access to capital. So from a refinancing perspective, I'm not concerned about that. We're actively evaluating all of our options there. And I'm confident that there are numerous markets available to us. Obviously, the costs are higher than they've been in the past. But in terms of access to capital, so that – that part of it doesn't concern me. I think, when we think about allocation of capital, though, it really is just a matter of what is the best return on investment, what is going to create the most shareholder value. So that sounds simplistic. But ultimately, that's what we're looking at. And so if we can use our capital, and maybe our leverage goes a little bit higher, which it's been in the past, certainly, because we see opportunities to invest that capital into either buybacks or new assets, we'll do that. We'd like to do that. But recently, we found that paying down debt has been the better way to go. And at some point, we'll be at a level where it's just going to be a natural shift. If that doesn't change, will be the natural shift to investment grade. And then it's just a matter of finding the right instruments that fit our capital structure to allow us to retain flexibility, but also get the best cost possible.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I do think, Eric, there's definitely opportunities to bring it lower. For one, a big chunk of that is due to kind of smaller customers that frankly, as you start to have less and less of them or they are less of a percentage of our business, obviously, there's less opportunity or supply for that churn. And then with our agreements with some of our bigger customers, I would expect that any churn that's come from them will be significantly reduced as well.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. The above expectations comment was specifically associated with new leasing revenue signed up through new leases and amendments. And that was – we kind of obviously target based on backlog, and what our market intelligence is telling us what we think those numbers are going to look like in each market. And on average, across our international business, we were successful in signing up more new business than – from a dollar standpoint than we originally expected. So that's that comment. And I think it's driven really just by the significant needs that certain of our customers have across our markets for all the basic things that we talked about before, continued expansion of both 4G and even a little bit of 5G coverage. The coverage that exists in these markets is not nearly where it is in the U.S., so there's much greater needs in some cases. And so we're seeing that play out in a number of our markets. The escalator piece is not really a part of that. That varies and just moves based on where inflation is, and in certain of our markets, inflation was – has been a little bit higher. So that's helped the growth rates stay elevated.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I think there's – most of that is being done internationally, first of all. I'm sure you see that in our release. And that will probably continue to be the case. There's definitely opportunities for new builds, for the same reasons as I just mentioned. In responding to the previous question, there's just a lot of coverage needs that exist in these markets. The real question for us is just making sure that we're doing – we're making worthwhile investments, given the cost of capital that's increased, that we're building sites, that we're confident are going to make a nice return, and that usually requires the addition of a second tenant at some point over the next several years after you build the site. So we're pretty diligent in kind of watching those sites. I think opportunities exist. But we're going to be selective about where we build sites.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I think you've got a lot of different parties out there that have demands or their – their mission is to invest in digital infrastructure. And they have capital that's already been raised that needs to get deployed. And so I think that has – that plays a role in it. The supply, frankly, in the U.S. is somewhat limited, so there's still some competitive tension that exists there among many different parties that are investing. So that's really a driver. And so if you've got different return expectations, and you've got different views on what the growth profile of assets look like, you may be able to make a decision that's different than we're seeing the public companies, including SBA, make.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes. I mean it depends on what market you're in. If you're talking about the ABS market, which has been our primary source of secured financing today, you'd be somewhere in the mid- to high 6s, would likely be where we play out.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, Brandon, we've – our backlogs are a little bit lower than they've been in the past. That – it probably shouldn't be a surprise, given the carriers' investment levels have been little bit slower as we've talked about. And obviously, executions have been down. The backlogs have trended in the same general direction. But it will be interesting to see how that plays out as we get into next year, as the carriers have new budgets in place and so forth. So for now, though, it's definitely trended down.
Brendan Cavanagh: Well, thank you all for joining us. We appreciate it. And thank you, Jeff, again, for all of your years. Appreciate it.
