Brendan Cavanagh: Thank you, Mark. Good evening. We had another solid quarter in the fourth quarter with strong operating and financial results in both our Leasing and Services businesses. Total GAAP site leasing revenues for the fourth quarter were $481.1 million, and cash site leasing revenues were $478.1 million. Foreign exchange rates were in line with our estimates for the fourth quarter, but were a headwind on year ago comparisons. Same tower recurring cash leasing revenue growth for the fourth quarter, which is calculated on a constant currency basis was 6% over the fourth quarter of 2018, including the impact of 2.3% of churn. On a gross basis, same tower growth was 8.3%. Domestic same tower recurring cash leasing revenue growth over the fourth quarter of last year was 8.2% on a gross basis and 5.6% on a net basis, including 2.6% of churn, 0.8% of which continues to be related to Metro Leap and Clearwire terminations. The balance of domestic churn is from a variety of sources including a number of smaller customers that are modifying or shutting down older technologies, some sites that were never on air that are not being renewed and some legacy consolidation churn.  Domestic operational leasing activity representing new revenue placed under contract during the quarter was down from the first half of the year and sequentially from the third quarter due to the industry-wide slowdown as our customers awaited resolution of the legal challenges to the Sprint, T-Mobile merger.
Brendan Cavanagh: Yes, I am confident given the complexities of what will need to be accomplished by the new T-Mobile, Spencer, that we will have an opportunity to address those issues and again we have no kind of religious opposition to MLAs and if it makes sense, for both parties, as we have in the past, we would do one. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Colby, first on the churn, it is down slightly because, in terms of same tower analysis due to the falling off of the IDEN churn that took place in the fourth quarter of last year, but as we look out to next year, some of that’s a reduction due to the loss of IDEN is being offset by a little bit of a slight elevation in Q4 churn notices that come from a variety of miscellaneous items.  I mentioned some of those items in the scripted comments, if there is a number of smaller customers that are modifying or shutting down older technologies for one. An example of that is we had a one regional carrier who had previously entered into some leases with us for 4G installations that we had reported in the past is leased out.  But those were separate and apart from their pre-existing leases for their 3G installations which they are now decommissioning. And so, we’ve had a few slogs of things that were a little more than what we typically see and because it’s happening in the fourth quarter, that carries over into the 2020 numbers. 
Brendan Cavanagh: Oh, GTS. Yes, so, on GTS, the numbers around tower cash flow contribution or EBITDA contribution is approximately $30 million for next year, a little over $30 million, $31 million. Now that can be affected of course by where the FX rate shakes out. But that was our expectation when we put the guidance together and from a revenue standpoint, it’s approximately a little more than 40, 42-ish. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Thanks, Brendan and good evening, everyone. The fourth quarter was a strong finish to a very good year for SBA. We delivered solid financial results in both our Leasing and Services segments, finishing at the high-end of guidance for tower cash flow, AFFO and AFFO per share and exceeding the high-end of our guidance range for leasing revenue, total revenue and adjusted EBITDA.  Our full year financial results also finished above the high-end of our initial 2019 guidance given in February of last year for leasing revenue, services revenue, tower cash flow, adjusted EBITDA, AFFO and AFFO per share. We produced over $2 billion in revenue for the first time in our history and we grew full year AFFO per share by 11.7% over 2018 and by 13.1% on a constant currency basis.  We also grew our portfolio at the high-end of our 5% to 10% goal and we expanded into an attractive and exciting new market, South Africa. We completed several debt transactions improving our cost of financing with each one. We bought back over 2 million shares of our stock at an average price of $231.87 and we began paying a quarterly dividend ahead of schedule.  All of this was accomplished notwithstanding the domestic industry-wide slowdown for our customers during the second half of the year resulting from the uncertainties surrounding the outcome of the T-Mobile, Sprint transaction. As I said, 2019 was a very good year for SBA.  Looking ahead now to 2020 and beyond, we are very excited about the prospects for SBA. We anticipate the resolution of the legal challenges to the T-Mobile, Sprint transaction will set us up for significant network investment by our U.S. customers involved in the transaction including DISH beginning in the second half of the year. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Lot of discussions, Phil, but no real operational activity yet. Of course, given the fact that there is no closing and while I believe that things will begin to move pretty quickly, particularly on the T-Mobile side, DISH had their own commentary yesterday as to the cadence of what they will be doing.  But on the T-Mobile side, I think they will go quickly once the deal closes. But I think we are going to have to wait and see as to when that happens. They need to get through the California PSC and I think some other things. I think there is a lot of folks ready to go, but they are just waiting for the starting on. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, we like South Africa a lot, I mean, within our four years of investment there, we took close to a 1,000 towers and they’d be actually 1,000 today I am not quite sure to tell, but it’s getting off close to over two tenants per tower with a very good return on investment.  A dynamic market, lot of room for additional Greenfield builds. All the things we look for. So we are very excited about the ability to continue to grow in that market. We will continue to look for markets like that. We think there are some out there.  They are not tens or twenties of those kinds of markets. But there are some out there. We are going to continue to pursue them and if you don’t mind, I am not going to name them. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I don’t know if you should assume it this below. But I think, you should take the comments about things came to a pretty abrupt slowdown, at least with respect to several customers in August. And the reason things changed to that slowdown have not changed as of today. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, Spencer, on the overlap, the average remaining terms for the Sprint leases on sites really overlap the T-Mobile is about 4.5 years. 
Jeffrey Stoops: We don’t want to get too specific. The incidence of CBRS amendments haven’t been that numerous yet and there is really only of course been one customer that has deployed mid-band and the massive MIMO architecture.  And I would say the amendment pricing has been reasonable fair and consistent with all the other types of amendments that we’ve done over the years in terms of dice and weight and all the things that have kind of gone into the way we’ve conducted our business. 
Jeffrey Stoops: First question, Simon, is our guidance assumes essentially the same or certainly materially the same contributions from AT&T and Verizon. And in terms of the CBRS, primarily because of this hour and which of course affects the range, the CBRS will be more of a small cell indoor.  But there will be some macro uses as well and we are actually – we have some applications for outdoor uses. So, it will be across the board. But we’ve don’t think for at least for SBA, the CBRS spectrum will be nearly as impactful as the C-Band spectrum will be. 
Jeffrey Stoops: It depends on what they want to do. Amendments can go quicker, have a history of going quicker, certainly much quicker than brand-new leases. So, yes, I would use 3 to 6 as opposed to 6 plus on a colo.
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, we got to know what leases you are talking about first. And we are not anywhere close to that and then you have to match up heights and terms and things like that. The – my personal opinion is, while there will be a lot of business from DISH and the spring up of space and the inventory of what is available will be great for both DISH and the tower industry.  The exact matching of existing Sprint or T-Mobile leases that are to be decommissioned, that’s going to be a tougher match. 
Jeffrey Stoops: I think their 75% includes a lot of advance work, I think, from our perspective, we think it’s closer to 50%. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, our appetite for the right deal is quite large. The – finding the right opportunities are more difficult. They are asset-by-asset type of opportunities. And we are pursuing that area. We’ve actually added some resources there, because we do think there will be some good opportunities. But it’s an asset-by-asset hunt. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, I mean, there is things going on now and now there are folks that are building out DAS systems and I think it will be converted to CBRS and folks that are interested in types of technologies today that will be converted to CBRS. So, it’s evolving our – just like we have always approached the tower business. We are very much focused on looking for the best assets. 
Jeffrey Stoops: I think they are going to go fairly deep to achieve true 5G outside of the dense urban markets. All of the work that I have seen indicates that that’s what you need in the macro world. And you really do need the mid-band spectrum to do it, which I think explains a lot of the different carrier spending patterns.  I don’t want to get too much in. I think I commented enough on the amendment pricing earlier about how that gets priced. So if you look back at Spencer’s question, you’ll have your answer there. And in terms of the backlogs, yes, it all depends on when these deals get done.  I mean, these – the backlogs I think will grow very, very quickly. It could grow – it could double or more in fairly short order. I do believe lot of work has already been done in terms of what needs to be done to the network. Really a question when is the deal going to be approved and I do think I said six months ago, I think you’ll see a lot of activity. 
Jeffrey Stoops: We tend to retain given our size of our company and our benefit plans. We are pretty good employer. And we will tend to use our tower climbers to make sure that the work will get done on our towers to make sure that the amendments and the colos are our towers get done. So we can prioritize there.  So it will be okay. There will be some general shortages in the industry, but I don’t think it will be catastrophic. I mean, it will be an issue, but we always get through it as an industry. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes. I mean, the towers – there are towers that require augmentations, but virtually every site we have can be augmented to accommodate additional. So it would be de minimis. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Yes, Brett, my belief on the first question is that, when DISH was building out their IoT network, they did sign up a number of master agreements including one with us. And in the course of that, a number of companies, including us submitted all of their portfolios. So that DISH was able to analyze those and figure out which of those towers would be suitable for that project and now they are able to do the same for the broadband network.  So that is what that statement was all about. So that was under kind of the different – that was under the narrow band project. But the work that the – the work that they did about how many towers that they’ve analyzed that would be suitable for their uses that was true.  So your second question, in terms of the M&A, some of the stuff that we announced is actually more of what we have in the pipeline is in the U.S. actually. And there are – there is still – there is a lot of price competition. Still there is some varying quality of folks who have done some things that to their terms and conditions that we don’t really like. But there are still some good assets out there that we will pursue. And clearly, as we look at where we traded things like that, we would take that into consideration. But we are very interested as we always have been adding quality assets to the portfolio. 
Jeffrey Stoops: Well, we took about a four-turn jump in, after the T-Mobile, Sprint deal got announced by – I can't say, I'd see private multiples jump four-turns in two weeks. But I – who knows, who knows? So, let's just say hopefully the gap has closed a little bit.
Jeffrey Stoops: All right. Well, we'll give it some thoughts. All you analysts weighing in. Send Mark. We could send Mark. Here you go. We'll take a short poll, we’d ask everybody in next question. 
Jeffrey Stoops: So, if you looked at our guidance, Batya, if we don't spend some money on something, whether it's stock repurchases or portfolio growth, we are going to be in the mid-6s in leverage. So, - and that's not where we want to be.  So we would want to be high-6s to low-7s. So that's the – that's kind of the new area I think where we are targeting. And again, if we see something great to buy, we'd be very pleased to go above that for temporary period of time. I mean, the cash flow generation power of the business is pretty amazing. So, on your second question, I think we are going to be very well positioned with T-Mobile. They are a very good customer of ours. We have a close relationship. We have a lot of work to do with them. And I think, we will be very a active partner in terms of both amendments and colocations, just as we were in the first half of last year prior to the August central shutdown.
Jeffrey Stoops: Great. Well, we really appreciate everyone joining us on kind of our year-end wrap up. And we look forward to sharing our 2020 results with you as we go. Thank you very much.
