Mark DeRussy: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for SBA's Fourth Quarter 2013's Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Jeff Stoops, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brendan Cavanagh, our Chief Financial Officer. Some of the information we'll discuss in this call is forward-looking, including but not limited to, any guidance for 2014 and beyond. These forward-looking statements may be affected by the risks and uncertainties in our business. Everything we say here today is qualified in its entirety by cautionary statements and risk factors set forth in last night's press release and our SEC filings, which documents are publicly available. These factors and others that affected historical results may affect future results, and may cause future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement we may make. Our statements are as of today, February 26, 2014, and we have no obligation to update any forward-looking statement we may make. Our comments will include non-GAAP financial measures as defined by Regulation G. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other information required by Regulation G has been posted on our website, www.sbasite.com. With that, I'll turn it over to Brendan to comment on our fourth quarter results.
Mark DeRussy: Thanks, Brendan. SBA ended the fourth quarter with $5.9 billion of total debt. We had cash and cash equivalents, short-term restricted cash and short-term investments of $175 million. Our net debt to annualized adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio is 6.8x. Our fourth quarter net cash interest coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to net cash interest expense was 3.3x. During the fourth quarter, we paid $55.5 million in cash and issued approximately 192,000 shares of common stock to settle the warrants associated with our 1 7/8% convertible notes. We have no further obligation with regard to these notes and the related warrants. Earlier this month, we obtained a new 7-year delayed draw $1.5 billion Term Loan B. The note was issued at a 25-basis-point discount to par. The first funding of $750 million occurred on February 7 and we expect the remaining $750 million to fund next month. Interest will accrue at LIBOR plus 250 basis points with a 75-basis-point LIBOR floor. This spread and LIBOR floor represent a combined improvement of 50 basis points compared to our previous Term Loan B, which we issued in 2012. Net proceeds from this financing were used to repay in full the $290 million balance on our existing Term Loan Bs and to repay the $390 million outstanding balance on our revolver. The remaining proceeds will be used to pay for our pending 2007 site Brazilian Oi acquisition and for general corporate purposes. As of the end of the fourth quarter and pro forma for the recent financing, the weighted-average coupon of our outstanding debt is 4.1% and our weighted average maturity is 5 years. We currently have no outstanding balance under our revolver and the full $770 million in commitments is available to us. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the quarter and currently have $150 million remaining under our existing $300 million authorization. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.
Mark DeRussy: Well, thank you, all, for joining us and we look forward to our next get-together when we report first quarter results. Thank you.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Yes. The way we look at that is we take off everything we had in Q4 of 2013 and look at where we're projecting to be in Q4 of 2014. And then taking out the impact of the acquisitions, it pencils out to about 9% to 10% growth rate.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: And Rick, we do consider FX when we're looking at what our plans are. And one of the ways that that's mitigated is that all of the escalators in our lease agreements in Brazil are tied to inflationary indexes down there. So those tend to come in at a much higher rate, which is a mitigant to the risk of a weakening FX rate.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Well, the augmentation is in at -- roughly what we had for this year, so you're looking at somewhere in the neighborhood of $50 million to $60 million for the year. From a reimbursement standpoint, we would expect that to continue at a similar clip. Although that doesn't -- when we give guidance, we're putting the gross amount in our discretionary CapEx. So the reimbursements are capitalized and amortized into income over the term of the lease agreement that they're related to.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Okay. David, first, on the iDEN, we have been assuming worst case, which is made up of 2 things, which is the total number of leases that they are entitled to terminate in any 1 quarter and we've assumed that they'd terminate the highest dollar leases first for purposes of guidance. They have been terminating their full allotment in terms of number of leases each quarter. However, they've not necessarily been the highest dollar leases first. Based on what we've learned to date, we were able to pick up about $1 million to our revenue guidance for 2014 based on actual notices versus that worst case assumption. It is possible and probably likely that there will be some additional pick up during the year. We continued with the convention though that we've been using and, frankly, I think that pickup will be relatively immaterial. And as we get further along, the -- what's left, the average becomes closer to what we would expect them to terminate.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: Jonathan, that number is in line with what we think is obviously subject to change depending on movements in the stock price, but that's in the right range. And that really is the value on the warrants because we have a bond hedge that offsets the notes that effectively makes them settleable at just their face amount. So it's really the warrants that drive that incremental premium, that $800 million, $850 million that you're talking about and they are similar to the previous deal. They just have different terms.
Brendan T. Cavanagh: I'll take the first one, the asset impairment question. There was a -- there's a higher amount of what we call asset impairment and decommissioning cost and it's really -- this year relative to previous years, and it's really attributable to my concerted effort on our part this year to focus on towers that are -- over the last 17 years that are underperforming sites that we've made a focus on decommissioning those sites, recovering some of the costs that we incur on a regular basis associated with those sites. These are nonrevenue-producing sites or iDEN-only sites, where we've determined that Sprint will no longer be using those sites so we've decommissioned those. So basically what goes through that line is the cost of writing down the carrying value of those assets, as well as the actual cost of taking down the tower to the extent that we'd do that. Most of that line is a noncash item. It's a write-off as opposed to actual cash expense.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes. I mean, it's -- we're still getting Brazil off the ground, but we're probably 8% to 9% U.S. and then the remainder in international. So you're talking 300 or 400 basis points higher because of the lower number of sites and the lower amount of revenue off which that's basing. All in company-wide, 9% to 10% before iDEN.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we're looking for, over time, 300 to 500 basis points above what we're expecting in the U.S., which will be a low double-digit number. So as we move through our 5-year plus time horizon, Rick, that's what we're modeling and expecting to get.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, we're -- we believe there will be some additional assets available and we will continue to -- no, my point in my comment was we feel like our strategic geographic flag has been planted with enough scale that we're in good shape there to proceed on a more of a build-to-suit basis. But just as we have always in the U.S., we'll be looking for good acquisitions that make eminent financial sense going forward.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: On the acquisitions, David, we did acquire some very high cash flow sites, high-quality towers, had some really nice tenants beyond the big 4 folks like the Coast Guard and guys who we're very comfortable with, big installations, big dollar rents, and we acquired that for a mid-teens multiple. We're very happy with that transaction but that was what that was all about. And in terms of future expansion, we are deciding this year how much additional international growth we're going to pursue. On a pro forma basis, we have about 15% of our revenue internationally. 10% of that -- well, 2/3 of that is in Brazil. So we're considering where we want to go. Given that there will be some limits on how far we want to take that, which I can't define for you today, we are likely to be able to satisfy everything we want to do inside those limits within the near-term by continuing to stay in the Western Hemisphere. So that makes not impossible, but I think unlikely that, at least for the next year, we'd do anything outside the Western Hemisphere.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, really the only sites that we've had for any period of time, Jonathan, were the 800 Vivo sites, which we probably added 20, 30 leases on. Happy with those numbers. The telecom towers stuff came in, in September. I know we've added some leases there, probably a little bit on the Oi 2013. Obviously, we don't own yet the Oi 2007. So where we are is we are continuing to develop the master terms and conditions with the carriers, which is a process and kind of a norm that we need to have down there to truly be hitting on all 8 cylinders. That process is well underway. We're almost done with everybody there. We are adding some folks. We will continue to improve our leasing capabilities and transfer as quickly as we possibly can, the skills, the culture, the methods that we've learned in United States over the years to Brazil. But we still have a little bit more to do down there in terms of people cultivation.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, with the -- I mean, the T-Mobile MLA was all kind of already included because that had a stepped-up escalator over time. So some of that contributed in the fourth quarter but not any kind of different than where it had been previously. On the Sprint deal, we recognize on a cash basis the amendments as they are installed, although they were -- the payment terms were obligated. So there was some but a little bit. The vast, vast, vast majority, Jonathan, which we've kind intimated because we said most of the activity was from AT&T and Verizon, was outside of any MLA-type structure.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: On the international, the only other country that is not U.S. dollar-denominated, Jonathan, is Canada, which is a fairly small piece of the remaining 5%. On the -- and I'm sorry, your last question on the Sprint and T-Mobile. The T-Mobile 700 is totally outside their existing 4G modernization agreement with us. And the Sprint 2.5G could fall inside or could fall outside depending on how much on a per-site basis the agreed-upon equipment bucket has already been filled before the 2.5G equipment comes on. So that will be determined on a site-by-site basis. We know that there'll be some additional leasing revenue because we know some buckets have been filled. Can't tell you how much at this point.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: On the Sprint, we have not seen a lot yet of that, although we have seen some that's come in the form of brand new leases and outside of the existing MLA agreements.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Well, one of the benefits and one of the reasons that we did enter into MLAs with Sprint and T-Mobile was to reduce the risk of that possibility, Jonathan. And in doing so, we got greatly extended lives. So our average T-Mo lease now has 6 years left and our average Sprint lease now has 8 years left. The overlap, where they're both on the same site, if you lost the shortest-term lease of those 2, it's about 6% of revenue and that, of course, if it occurs at all, would be spread out over a long period of time. The big consolidation that you might draw comparisons to, although it's very dissimilar, was when Cingular acquired AT&T. That was very different because they're working on the same technologies and it was a much easier integration. And I think the decommissioning there was much less -- or had a much greater potential. And at the end of the day, we had on a combined basis, higher revenue from that combined company than we did from each of its predecessors because they still had a lot to do on their networks to now support new services for the combined subscriber base. And we think that something similar would occur if Sprint and T-Mo ever got together, although the initial integration would be much more difficult and I think the initial decommissioning would be much slower because of the disparate technologies that they both use.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Don't know the answer to that yet. It's still a little early. I mean, T-Mo hasn't even acquired Spectrum yet. Although there have -- discussions have begun as to how it might get deployed.
Jeffrey A. Stoops: Yes, our primary focus has been and will continue to be portfolio growth that meets our returns. We think growing AFFO per share is preferable by growing the top line and EBITDA line. But having said that, given the strength in the organic business and the quality of our assets, we can create a lot of AFFO per share growth through buying back our stock. If we -- if the world changes on the capital market side, we would, obviously, take those changes into account and, perhaps, look to adjust our leverage levels. Today we're extremely happy and convinced that where we are levered and what our target leverage range is, is the right place to be. If we only became a stock repurchaser, we may bring that down some. But in terms of our particular aspirational goals, I mean I would, as we've talked about all along, our aspirational goal is at least 20% compounded AFFO per share growth for the foreseeable future and that clearly gives you more than a double in 5 years. And I think a good and solid component of that and where people should easily see that the way we do is by maintaining target leverage, provided the capital markets stays the same.
