Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter 2023 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO, PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our packaging business, and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. As usual, I'll begin the call with an overview of the third quarter results, and then I'll turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide further details and then I'll wrap things up and then we'd be glad to take questions. Yesterday we reported third quarter net income of $183 million or $2.03 per share. Excluding special items, third quarter 2023 net income was $185 million or $2.05 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2022's net income of $266 million or $2.83 per share. Third quarter net sales were $1.9 billion in 2023 and $2.1 billion in 2022. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter excluding special items was $388 million in 2023 and $477 million in 2022. Third quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.02 per share, primarily for certain costs at the Jackson, Alabama mill for paper to container board conversion related activities. Details of all special items for the third quarter of 2023, as well as 2022 were included in the schedules that accompanied our earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.78 per share decrease in third quarter 2023 earnings, compared to the third quarter of 2022 was driven primarily by lower price and mix of $1.33 and volume $0.09 in the packaging segments. Higher depreciation expense $0.11; lower volume in the paper segment $0.04; higher tax $0.02; and other expenses $0.02 cents. These items were partially offset by lower operating costs of $0.58, primarily resulting from lower recycled fiber and energy prices along with outstanding mill and plant operational execution. Other favorable items included a lower share count resulting from share repurchases in the second half of 2022 were $0.11, higher prices and mix in the paper segment $0.04, lower converting costs $0.04, lower scheduled maintenance outage expenses of $0.04, and lower freight and logistics expenses $0.02. The results were $0.17 above our third quarter guidance of $1.88 per share primarily due to higher volume in the packaging and paper segments and lower operating and converting costs. Looking at our packaging segment EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter of 2023 of $374 million, with sales of $1.8 billion, resulted in a margin of 21.3% versus last year's EBITDA of $467 million, with sales of $1.9 billion, and a 24.1% margin. The operational benefits of our capital spending program and the continued great focus and execution of our mills and corrugated products facilities on numerous process improvement initiatives once again delivered impressive results. This included areas such as machine and equipment efficiencies, fiber, chemical and material usages, internal energy generation and usage, and labor costs. Our approach to cost-effective management of container board supply with demand also delivered the benefits we were anticipating. This was primarily achieved by idling the Wallula mill for the entire quarter, which resulted in a market-related downtime of approximately 174,000 tons. However, with the stronger demand in our packaging segment, we ended the quarter with inventory levels lower than anticipated. Based on our current outlook for improved demand, together with current plans for the first quarter of 2024 for the scheduled mill maintenance outages and completing the final phase of the container board conversion on the number three machine at our Jackson, Alabama mill. We are planning to restart the number three machine at the Wallula, Washington mill during the fourth quarter in order to bring our inventories to desired levels. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide further details on container board sales in the corrugated business.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at our paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter was $35 million with sales of $158 million or a 22.4% margin, compared to the third quarter of 2022’s EBITDA of $33 million and sales of $165 million or a 19.7% margin. Seasonally stronger cut size and printing and converting volumes were 13% higher than the second quarter levels and down almost 8% versus the third quarter ‘22 with about 40% of the decline being driven by no paper sales from our Jackson mill in this year's third quarter. Prices and mix were up about 3.5% from last year's third quarter and down 2% from the second quarter of 2023, due to the declines in the index prices that occurred earlier in the year. Our International Falls mill managed their nine-day planned maintenance outage very well, and similar to the packaging facilities, the mill remained focused on efficient and cost-effective operations, delivering great results for the quarter. I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. Looking ahead as we move forward into the -- from the third into the fourth quarter, in our packaging segment we expect less market-related downtime as we build our inventories back to appropriate levels, along with higher shipments per day in our corrugated products facilities, although our plans will have one less shipping day, compared to the third quarter. We also expect lower average prices primarily due to the majority of the May decrease in the published benchmark index grades being realized throughout the third quarter, as well as a seasonally less rich mix. In our paper segment, volume will be lower compared to the seasonally stronger third quarter and prices and mix are assumed to trend lower with declines in the index prices. Operating and converting costs will increase -- driven by higher recycled fiber prices, seasonal energy costs, and the restart of the wool of the mill. Depreciation expense is estimated to be slightly higher and scheduled maintenance outage expenses will be lower. Considering all of these items, we expect the fourth quarter earnings of $1.76 per share. With that, I would be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations, and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the annual report on Form 10-K and the subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Jamie, I'd like to go ahead and open up the call for questions, please.
Mark Kowlzan: You know, it's the benefit of the year-after-year continuous improvement that we've had in place. And as we've said over the years, we're constantly doing hundreds and hundreds of projects a year. Some are small, some are large, but nevertheless it's an ongoing, continuous process across the board. And if you think about the box plants and the mills, there's a daily activity with the technology organization in concert with the local operational management focused clearly on cost takeout and just operational excellence. And this has been going on for a number of years and will continue to go on. Tom, I think, you know, you've got great examples in the box plants that we just continue to execute.
Mark Kowlzan: You know, George, as far as next year, you know, as you could expect, we're already and have been talking about, you know, what's on the horizon for next year, what are the opportunities. And so we've got a very good, solid plan in place on where we're going after these cost takeouts and continued operational improvements, along with just being able to look at what the market requirements are going to be in terms of customer needs and addressing that. And while we address that, we're always looking at how we're deploying that capital and how that impacts the operation in terms of labor cost and energy and input conversion cost. So we've got a good plan for next year also.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, no, you know, the work will be done next year, late first quarter into the second quarter. It's a longer outage, but it will be the final phase of the completion work necessary to take care of the big machine. But you're talking about ‘23 additional high-pressure dryer cans, modifying the press section, we’re removing the fourth press, installing the new shoe press, a number of modifications in that regard to enhance the speed, the drying capability. But it's that final phase that gets the productivity up, but also some of the work in the back end of the mill is related to the cost position of the mill. So when this work is done, depending on the demand coming out of that mill, that mill will be, as far as cost competitive position, it will be right in there with the DeRidder and Counce in Valdosta.
Mark Kowlzan: You know, I'm not going to answer that right now, because I don't want to say the wrong thing. I'm going to let Bob, if he recalls, but at the end of the day, the machine, you know, if you think about where we've been running the machine on a daily basis, you know, the machine's been flexing anywhere from 1,200 tons a day to 1,800 tons a day, depending on what we needed. But when we're done with this project, the capability of that machine will be well over 2,000 tons a day. The target is 2,400 tons a day when we're done with this. So if you use a 352 day a year, you'll get your annual tons.
Mark Kowlzan: Just for simple math, you can, whether you use 2,000 or 2,200, but the ultimate goal between myself and some of the people around me is that machine will be a 2,400 ton a day machine someday when we're done fine tuning it. But it would be -- to my knowledge, it would be the most productive, low-cost, linerboard machine in the Western Hemisphere.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, no, again, currently, because of the inventory situation, we'll have to run the entire mill system to capacity. And so the six mills that ran during the third quarter, we'll have to continue running full out, and then Wallula number three, we'll have to come up and perform equally as efficiently.
Mark Kowlzan: We never give absolute numbers, but I can tell you, when we started out the third quarter, we -- the targets we had in mind, we far under -- we were dramatically lower than what our goals were for the ending inventory, and that's a positive situation to be in especially when we have the opportunity to get Wallula started back up and satisfy that demand. But we have a number in mind and what will influence that number, of course, is the shutdown schedule we have in plans for the Jackson conversion and then the other annual shutdowns that will take place in the first six months of the year in the rest of the containerboard system. And so the -- without giving you an absolute number, we have some work to do to get our inventory up where it needs to be get us into the new year and then get us through the first six months of the year.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, just on a macro level, we're going to continue to do what we do run to demand. But the other thing is if I were an investor, which I am, but I would be looking at this on how we use our cash and where we're deploying cash. And we talked about this a little bit at the July call for next year, and we would anticipate the capital spending discipline to continue in the trend that it's been, we'll be in that $400 million level this year and plans call for next year to continue that pace of capital deployment, which if you then think about the excess cash being generated, where that goes. There are other opportunities to take advantage of that and bring value to the shareholders. And so we'll, again, continue to take advantage of the benefits of all the capital spending that we've been bringing to bear, get Jackson completed and then continue to look at more opportunities and execute and work with our customer base and taking care of our customers.
Mark Kowlzan: One of the factors, if you think about recycled versus virgin fiber, virgin fiber prices and input costs, conversion costs have been very stable over the decades, relatively speaking, if you're solely dependent on OCC, DLK, the price and cost input swings have been wild high, low, high, low. And so trying to anticipate what your conversion cost is not a good place to be if you're 100% recycled. So we like where we are. We will continue with this model.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay. Thank you, next question. Jamie, anybody left on the queue? I guess we will conclude. I think we've lost our moderator on the call, but for those of you that joined us today, I want to thank you for taking the time, and I look forward to having you join us at the end of January for our full-year and fourth quarter call. With that, have a good day. Take care.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Packaging segment volume for the quarter exceeded our guidance estimates. Corrugated product shipments per workday were up 1.9% and total shipments with two less shipping days were down 1.3%, compared to last year's third quarter. Versus the second quarter of 2023, shipments per day were up 3.9% and total shipments were up 2.3% even though there was one less shipping day. Outside sales volume of container board was 33,000 tons above last year's third quarter and 5,000 tons above the second quarter of 2023. Demand headwinds from a shift of consumer buying preferences towards more service-oriented spending, persistent inflation, and higher interest rates continue to negatively impact consumers' purchases of both durable and non-durable goods. However, we mentioned last quarter that many customers were telling us the inventory de-stocking of boxes and their products was behind them and we were hopeful that, that would translate to improving volume throughout the second-half of the year. We saw that occurring during the third quarter and we expect that momentum to continue into the fourth quarter although there is one less shipping day, compared to the third quarter. Relative to the published reductions in the industry benchmark grades that occurred late last year and earlier this year, domestic container board and corrugated products prices and mixed together were $1.12 per share below the third quarter of 2022, and down $0.45 per share, compared to the second quarter of 2023. Export container board prices and mix were down $0.21 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2022 and down $0.03 per share, compared to the second quarter of 2023. And now I'll turn it back to Mark.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, I think George, this is really, you know, an effort to really realize the deployment of the capital that we've done in the -- in all the box plants and to streamline those box plants and to really get those box plants, you know, right-sized for the growth we've got coming and what the existing volume is right now. So we're very pleased. We're very, very pleased with the results.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, let me first just kind of tag along with what Mark just said relative to running to demand. You know, that is what we do. And if we didn't have the demand, we wouldn't be talking about restarting Wallula, pure and simple. Now to calibrate that a little bit, George, I think you need to really look at our low point was the first quarter of 2023 in terms of demand. Our demand currently is, you know, just in a couple of quarters is now 8% higher than that number and going higher going forward. So, you know, that's the real reason why we need the, you know, the cut up in -- at Wallula. It's really being driven on the box side of the business more so than anything else. And relative to the bookings and the billings, again, our bookings are up 14% for this at the beginning. And again that’s, you know, you've got to take that number, because we've had high numbers and then we come in a little low, you know, we come in significantly lower for the actual quarter, because a lot of these bookings are for quite a ways out. But I think the key here is that the backlog remains incredibly strong, and our cut-up demand is also very strong. So we feel very good about where we are on the fourth quarter and certainly entering into next year.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Mark. I mean, our trend still remains positive. So we'll be up. And again, I think it's really important to get calibrated kind of the correct way to some extent. And because when we look at the fourth quarter, compared to the fourth quarter of ‘22, in ‘22 we had an extra day in there given the way the FBA holidays fell. So we were actually up a couple of percent in the fourth quarter of ‘22 over the third quarter of ‘22. And -- but then, of course, in the first quarter of ‘23 is when we really hit what I call rock bottom in terms of demand. And as I said, so we're up just in a couple of quarters, 8%, and we look at that number going up again in the fourth quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: No. Mix is a big factor in there, both in end uses and in basis weights. So it's there's a heck of a lot that goes into what the final pricing is. And as I mentioned last time, and I'll just mention it again, building products, that's still -- that segment, which is a good segment for us, still remains underwater as housing starts have been affected by higher interest rates. The graphics mix and the effect of what's going on and the changes that are taking place in brick-and-mortar stores, that's been impacted. And of course, our automotive segment with the UAW strike is now really starting to get impacted. Now all of those segments tend to be on the higher price side. However, we've got a lot of other segments that are doing quite well. And we're -- and we've been -- and we haven't been impacted much at all other than what you've seen in the publications in terms of price.
Tom Hassfurther: End markets. And then when things started picking up. Yes, yes. Okay, well. Mike, I kind of -- I think, I got most of what you're asking here, but outside of those markets that I mentioned, one other market that I had mentioned prior was the ag business and told you that we had a lot of headwinds in ag, especially weather-related, those have pretty much dissipated, and we're looking for a very good ag season coming up, so that's going to be a lift. Of course, e-com has continues to kind of take a little bit of a larger share of the corrugated business, and that looks very good. And in general, I mean, we're selling a lot of food and beverage and all sorts of other segments. And those segments either remain very steady or have look good going forward. And I think the best news is it's becoming more predictable now given the fact that we've gotten all of this inventory and destocking out of the way, and our customers are operating quite lean at the moment. And so it's a lot easier to predict what's happening in a number of these segments. I hope that answers your question.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I think in addition, I think that as I mentioned, these segments that are down, those segments are going to come back. So they're going to show back up. And we'll continue to -- what we think is operate, you know, demonstrate the best value in the marketplace to an entire customer base and be able to grow our business accordingly as well. So we'll -- we're constantly looking outward to see what's possible and what those demands look like and working very closely with our customers, and we want to make sure we're well aligned. That's what's driving the whole Wallula project at the moment.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. I would just add that with Wallula mill operating in a very large market for us, it certainly gives us a lot more flexibility in a box plant to react and respond quicker to the marketplace as that continues to rebound. And of course, that's heavy ag up there as well. So this will be -- this will give us some advantage in terms of flexibility in that marketplace.
Tom Hassfurther: Anthony, the impact in the marketplace of the -- let's say, the one-offs, even having some integration in some of these mills is bearing out exactly like I had told you it would, with the very limited open market, we have seen virtually no impact at all from these mills. They're going to have to find a home somewhere else. Now the ones that are integrated and we'll be running to demand, I'm sure, and they're not even attempting to sell into the open market. Those that are the one-offs might attempt to sell into the open market. But again, it's -- we're finding that our domestic customers want to stick with PCA for the fact that we've got a great quality linerboard and medium. And we take care of our customers. Our service is very good. And they've shown absolutely zero interest in moving to any other supplier. And I think that's probably true across the board. So that -- hopefully, that answers that. And just to tag on with what Mark was saying, we value our fiber flexibility, and I can tell you that our mills if you go back -- you can go back in history and find PCA was a heavyweight mill system, and we've completely adapted to whatever the market is today. And we've got this ability to basically tailor our liners to whatever the needs of our customers are, and that's a huge competitive advantage we have.
Tom Hassfurther: No, that's not the right way to think about it, Phil. But I'm going to turn it over to Bob and see if he can walk you through this just a little bit, maybe if you calibrated.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $339 million, with free cash flow of $250 million. The more significant cash payments during the quarter included capital expenditures of $90 million, common stock dividends totaled $112 million, $63 million for federal and state income tax payments, and $51 million for pension and other post-employment benefit contributions. In addition, we repurchased just over 286,000 shares of our stock during the quarter at an average price of $144.81 per share for a total of about $42 million. We ended the quarter with $726 million of cash, including marketable securities and our liquidity on September 30th was approximately $1.1 billion. Lastly, our planned annual maintenance outage expense for the third quarter was just over $0.22 per share and the fourth quarter is now expected to be about $0.19, bringing the 2023 full year total to $0.72 per share. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Mark, and the improvement from where we are today versus where we will be when we hit that run rate after the completion of the second phase, it's close to $40 a ton. That benefit coming from most of your direct variable type costs and you're getting all this additional volume with no increases in your, obviously indirect costs or any fixed costs. So you get a nice, huge benefit once this project is completed.
Bob Mundy: Yes. Alex, I'll just add that when we bring Wallula back on in the fourth quarter, again, we're doing our comparisons to the third. As Mark said, it is our highest cost mill. And we are -- as we get things ready so that we can restart the machine the first of November, we have been incurring labor costs and other things, obviously, with no production. So -- but there are no significant cash cost to restart. There may be some non-cash, some raw material write-off type obsolescence type things, but nothing significant there. But it does, if you're comparing to the third quarter, it accounts for -- as far as our cost increase, if you look at our operating costs, it's almost half of the increase is just coming from restarting Wallula and bringing those costs back online.
Bob Mundy: Well, I'm not sure I can, Tom. No, Phil. That’s -- I’m not sure maybe we'd talk afterwards, but it's not sure how you're arriving at that certainly from anything that we said we put out. But that obviously would be a tremendous thing if that were to happen, but I just don't see how you're getting there. Maybe if you could just talk off-line.
