Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America’s fourth quarter 2017 and full year earnings release conference call. I’m Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, our Executive Vice President, who runs Packaging Business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I’ll begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results, and then I’ll turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who’ll provide more details. I’ll then wrap things up, and then we’d be glad to take your questions. Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter net income of $269 million, or $2.84 per share. Fourth quarter net income included special items of $122 million primarily for changes related to the recently enacted tax reform bill, which Bob will discuss further in a few minutes. Excluding the special items, fourth quarter 2017 net income was $147 million, or $1.56 per share, compared to fourth quarter 2016 net income of $116 million, or $1.23 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.7 billion in 2017 and $1.5 billion in 2016. Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter excluding special items was $351 million in 2017 and $293 million in 2016. We also recorded full year earnings excluding special items of $569 million, or $6.02 per share, compared to 2016 earnings excluding special items of $462 million, or $4.88 per share. Net sales in 2017 were $6.4 billion compared to $5.8 billion in 2016. Excluding the special items, total company EBITDA in 2017 was $1.34 billion compared to $1.15 billion in 2016. Detail of the special items for both the fourth quarter and full year 2017 were included in the schedules that accompany the earnings press release. Excluding the special items, the $0.33 per share increase in fourth quarter 2017 earnings compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 was driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $0.51 and higher volumes of $0.12 in the Packaging segment. Volumes in our Paper segment were up $0.01 per share and the final insurance recovery related to the DeRidder Mill incident was $0.07 per share. Partially offsetting these items were lower prices and mix in our Paper segment of $0.03, higher freight expense of $0.04, and operating and converting costs were up $0.13 in total primarily due to higher labor and fringe cost – fringes cost most of which was the result of working additional hours, which included holiday periods to meet our customer needs as well as our higher medical costs. We had higher input costs of $0.04 driven by higher recycled fiber and chemical costs and our annual outage expenses were higher by $0.10 per share. Lastly, corporate costs were up $0.04 per share due to higher depreciation and interest expense. Comparing our $1.56 per share in the fourth quarter to our guidance of $150 per share although recycled fiber prices were lower than expected, this was offset by higher labor, medical and benefits costs in our box plants. Results were negatively impacted by $0.01 per share due to a slightly higher tax rate and offset by the final insurance recovery related to the DeRidder Mill incident of $0.07. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter 2017 of $340 million with sales of $1.4 billion resulted in a margin of 24.4% versus last year’s EBITDA of $259 million and sales of $1.2 billion or 21.7% margin. For the full year excluding special items, Packaging EBITDA was $1.3 billion with sales of $5.3 billion or a 24% margin compared to full year 2016 EBITDA of $1 billion with sales of $4.6 billion or a 22% margin. Record production of 1,006,000 tons allowed our containerboard mills to support record box shipments and prepare for the integration of our corrugated plants from the Sacramento Container acquisition as well it help to manage our inventories and scheduled – as we get ready for the scheduled outages at four of our mills during the first and second quarters of this year. We ended the year with containerboard inventories including the inventory needs of our Sacramento Container acquisition about 48,000 tons above the end of the third quarter and 38,000 tons above last year’s level. This year end inventory level represents our lowest weeks of inventory supply in the last four years. Higher year-over-year inflation came in close to where we expected and the employees at our containerboard mills and corrugated products facilities did a great job working extra hours during the quarter and over the holiday periods to meet our customer needs in a very timely manner. Additionally, we’re off to a great start with the integration of Sacramento Container facilities and we’re able to finalize our claim related to the DeRidder Mill incident with our insurance carrier which enabled us to offset the negative impact to earnings from earlier in the year. I will now turn it over to Tom, who’ll provide more details on the containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $26 million with sales of $267 million or 10% margin compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 EBITDA of $50 million and sales of $254 million or 20% margin. The decrease in results was primarily due to the scheduled outages at two of our three mills in this year’s fourth quarter with no outages last year. Lower sales prices and mix as well as price inflation on fiber and chemical costs and higher freight expenses. Paper sales volume was up about 12% as volumes in all three of our major paper grades were above last year’s fourth quarter levels. However, this was offset somewhat due to no pulp volume this year compared to last year as a result of our exit from the market pulp business. Paper volumes were about 2% below seasonally stronger third quarter. We began the implementation of our announced price increases and we ended the fourth quarter with average prices slightly above third quarter levels. However price and mix were still about 3.5% below the four quarter of 2016. Full year 2017 EBITDA excluding special items was $153 million and sales were $1.1 billion or 15% margin compared to full year 2016 EBITDA of $199 million with sales of $1.1 billion or an 18% margin. I will now turn it over to Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the fourth quarter and into the first quarter, we expect to continue strong demand, although our corrugated volume and mill operating costs will be impacted due to the extreme early January weather conditions experienced from the Dallas Metroplex across the Gulf Coast states regions and up the East Coast. Also, our containerboard volumes will be lower due to scheduled outages at three of our mills during the quarter. We'll continue to implement our recently announced price increases in our Paper segment and we expect volume to be slightly lower. We expect inflation in almost all areas across our entire cost base. We anticipate continued higher freight costs as well as higher labor and benefits costs with annual wage increases in other timing related expenses. Although we anticipate price inflation on recycled fiber to be fairly flat, we do expect inflation in our energy costs and most of our chemical and repair and material costs. Also, seasonally colder weather will increase energy usage and wood costs. Our depreciation and interest expense will be slightly higher as well. Considering these items, we expect first quarter earnings of $1.52 per share. This $1.52 does include our best estimate of the effective tax rate resulting from the tax reform changes. With that we will be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K that’s on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I’d like to open up the call for questions, please.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Chip, we’ve done our job as well as we should – the ramp up should be very quick. With the first phase, we should have a significant amount of the conversion behind us. The last phase is just some of the new bolt-on equipment we needed to enhance the capability of the machine. So if that equipment has been engineered properly and then we've installed it in a precision manner, we should come up very quickly and get right up on the curve.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, if you think about from the time, value and money and immediate expensing opportunities, there is a value there that we haven’t seen, but we’re still mindful of overall return metrics and what our hurdle rate needs to be internally. So we’re still maintaining the discipline of quality of projects that we're discussing and entertaining that will not change in this period. So as we continue to go forward, we look at every dollar, penny of earnings, very, very valuables and precious. So I think that's how we look at the current situation.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah and it falls in line with where we've been traditionally. You have dividend considerations, share buyback considerations, acquisition opportunities and just reinvestment in great high return projects that enhance our volume on the box plant side and our capabilities on the mill side. So those are the four buckets that we have to consider and again you have to imagine that there’s something that will be discussed at the board level.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, George, again – using the comparison that that you were, we certainly get that benefit as you mentioned $0.19, $0.20 from the tax rate this year, 4Q to 1Q. But…
Mark Kowlzan: George, let me handle the paper side and I will let Tom walk through the containerboard side. Again, the prices increases from the fall indexes have picked up, what appears to be about $8 on cut-size and probably $13 or so on offset converting grades. And so, again, the paper business is based on cost inflation input factors and demand. And so, there is not a lot balance to say about the paper side of the business. We’re still net, net down year-over-year about 3.5% on average paper price.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, well, we announced a year ago approximately the DeRidder opportunities. We talked about 150,000 tons of opportunities coming out of projects on number one machine, but primarily number three machine. And so, on a run rate basis, we fully expect to see that achieved. We've got to the outage at DeRidder that starts a week after next. And then, when that shutdown was completed by the end of the month, we should be done technically with our conversion and it's just a matter of getting the equipment up and running and then we should be at the annualized 150,000 ton contribution run rate. If you think about last year alone, year-over-year from 2016 to 2017, we produced a 145,000 more tons of containerboard in the system, a significant amount of that did come from DeRidder as well as other mills just running extremely well. But everything we worked on at DeRidder last year and everything we talked about – has occurred, as planed DeRidder, again, by spring time should be at that run rate of the incremental 150,000 year-over-year. Very pleased with what we're seeing.
Mark Kowlzan: You said something there. We are uniquely in a position that we will be making heavier weight product on that machine. We are, to my knowledge, the only company in the world that has understood how to convert this type of paper machine to produce not only the lightweight liner mix, but also, the heavier weight mixes that Tom's financial need in the West Coast. We have a big presence in the Washington state area and the Pacific Northwest in General. So as far as Sacramento Container, when we do come online fully with the Wallula conversion this year, we'll be fulfilling eventually what we would require on the West Coast.
Mark Kowlzan: There is two pieces. It's the normal inflationary effect that you see every year with our wage increases benefits and fringes but also, we are in a tight labor market. And as you would expect, we are going to manage that tight labor market. We have again for the first time that I can recall, we have a robust economy that presents an opportunity for us to grow significantly with the customer base. In order to do that, again, you have a labor factor that we haven't seen in this country probably in 20 years.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, we’ve stated this right along. We would be open to the right acquisition at the right price. We are very mindful of that, but we still don't have various opportunities on how we grow the system, and again, we are surely not without opportunities. I'll leave it at that.
Mark Kowlzan: Volume is good. We are pleased with where we are with the demand. Again, we are pretty well winding down the specialty business out of Wallula. So it’s pretty well, if you think about the Jackson mill and the I Falls mill producing cut size and converting grades business is – volume is good. Again, I'm pleased with where we are in the month of January. Volume is lighter than the fourth quarter, but that's normal, but year-over-year were doing quite well with volume.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, just overall input cost inflation has a dramatic factor on some people's decision on what's happened I think in the industry with some of these shuts that were announced. And the thing about cost, of pulp, that had flowed through some of these mills that are dependent on 100% purchased fiber. So again, out of the for us, as we've said this before, the paper business generates a lot of cash and I Falls and Jackson mill require a lot of capital right now. So we are just – we've got a tidy little business there. We don't have an outage this year at the Jackson, at I Falls rather. So again, shaping starting up in good shape.
Mark Kowlzan: Obviously, things could even change this year, but to answer to your question, I'd say, that's where I would use if I were trying to model something right now, but obviously that can change.
Mark Kowlzan: The DeRidder will be going down the week after next for it’s conversion work and then the DeRidder annual work. The Wallula 3 machine will be down during the month of May.
Mark Kowlzan: We will run at the reduced rate through the summer months and then October, we take the machine down again and all of that was dependent on the deliveries on the few pieces of Capital One lead items that we had to wait for. And then we come out of that October shutdown and we should be ready to run at the full rate.
Mark Kowlzan: And we had talked similar about this last year, for the year, we purchased about 250,000 tons of containerboard on the outside and in a very opportunistic manner and we'll continue on that pace this year until we get Wallula fully ramped up and behind us. And so, again, taking advantage of transportation opportunities by region within the country, and also, we built some inventory. We ran extremely hard through the latter part of the year, making sure that we will prepare for these early outages i.e. the DeRidder one coming up in a couple of weeks. But to your point, we are going to be very tight. And we have to run well. What is going to run has to run well and Tom you want to add to that.
Mark Kowlzan: That is something that we think about all the time. And we have plans on how we would go forward and So, we have various alternatives. So when we announce something, we will. Other than that, we are not going to start speculating on what's the best direction for us. So we have different opportunities.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, Scott obviously, rail is primarily what’s used coming out of the mills, truck is primarily used for our corrugated shipments. If you're looking at it from a dollar standpoint or number of load standpoint, what have you.
Mark Kowlzan: Again we have to run hard in order to satisfy the needs that we had last year, we had to run hard all year long and execute well, which we did. And the big consideration, as we were coming into the fourth quarter was could we build some inventory that would give us a little more of insurance policy through three big outages that we have coming up in this first quarter and the few outages we have in the second quarter. So again, I think, the key is, we have built inventory to the best of our ability to run through this period and then, Tom just said it, everything else, we have to run extremely well. No other explanation.
Mark Kowlzan: No. Again, when we announced Wallula, we already [indiscernible] in conjunction with the Sacramento Container acquisition. And the existing business that we do in the West Coast. So, we don't see that as any issue.
Mark Kowlzan: If Virgin fiber prices in the South has been primarily affected by the weather phenomenon and that is something that you always think about as far as, especially during the late fall, winter periods with wet winter weather conditions. And in this case, the first 18 days of January with snow and ice through much of the wood baskets. And in my commentary earlier from that Dallas Metroplex across the Gulf states, we had the DeRidder mill, Counce mill and Valdosta containerboard mills are all severely impacted for a number of days. And the Jackson, Alabama paper mill was severely impacted. And in terms of raw material deliveries, in particular wood deliveries and wood costs and so it’s a different scenario right now compared to what we have seen in other years with the way this winter shaped up.
Mark Kowlzan: Well theoretically that is the case, and then regarding question on Pacific Northwest, we are seeing pretty stable fiber pricing. It's been up over the last few years, but there is no dramatic changing currently. But the big story for us right now is what's happening in the Southeast and Gulf Coast region with winter weather phenomena in the last month.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Gail. I think all that above which you just said is absolutely true. And as I indicated, I said demand remains very strong even though we had some weather related issues earlier this month, but clearly, demand is strong. And we're in a phase now where the box business is tracking the GDP a lot closer than it had been and that's primarily related to manufacturer. We've definitely seen number one, you're not seeing manufacturing moving out of this country anymore. So that trend is kind of behind us in a great way, and now we are seeing a lot more on shoring of manufacturing and we are seeing a lot more investment that our customers are talking about in terms of what they're going to do with our facilities. So I think, demand is going to be – is going to remain very strong.
Mark Kowlzan: George, I don't think we thought about that in those terms year. So I don't want to answer anything. We don't have that for you. We’ll talk about it and we’ll get back to you after the call.
Mark Kowlzan: Alright. With that, operator, thank you everybody for joining us on the call today. We look forward to talking with you in April. So with that thank you.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. Overall corrugated products and containerboard demands remained very strong during the quarter. As Mark indicated in corrugated products we had record box shipments, which were up in total by 9.8% with one additional workday or 8% per workday compared to last year’s fourth quarter. For the full year, corrugated product shipments in total were up 8.6% or 9% per workday over 2016. Continued strong demand in both our domestic and export markets improved our outside sales volume of containerboard by about 26,000 tons versus last year’s fourth quarter and over 6,000 tons versus the third quarter of 2017. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.40 per share higher than the fourth quarter of 2016 and as we expected were lower as we moved out of the seasonally stronger mix in the third quarter of 2017. Export containerboard prices were $0.11 per share above fourth quarter 2016 levels and up $0.03 per share compared to the third quarter of this year. Finally, I would like to add that our fourth quarter 2017 acquisition of Sacramento Container and the two sheet leaders have bolted on seamlessly. These operations proven to be an excellent fit and we’re off to a great start toward achieving our goals. Of course, this could not have been accomplished without the outstanding effort and dedication of all the employees of PCA including our newest teams from Sacramento Container, Northern Sheets and Central California Sheets. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, Chip, through 18 days we’re up 6.5% per workday. I'm not going to add something that that Mark mentioned in the earlier and that is that we have been impacted by the weather. We have a very large footprint of plants through Texas, the Gulf Coast, Florida and up to East Coast and we have a number of plants and customer plants that were down somewhere between 1 to 3 days during that period, so a pretty significant impact. But still even with that we’re up 6.5% per workday. So demand remains strong.
Tom Hassfurther: Let's just – we will just leave it at this basically. We have notified our containerboard customers that we will implement the $50 a ton increase effective March 1st and we will begin billing that increase on that day. Regarding the flow through, as we've already said before, that's really between us and our 17,000 plus customers and handled that individually with each customers.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, I’ll say, certainly from the box plant perspective, rail service is a real issue for us and the quality of rail cars, et cetera, that creates real issues for us. Especially on the trucking side, the new laws that Mark just mentioned, plus the lack of drivers, lack of equipment and generally, what’s boosting the economy, I mean, we're competing with everybody for that same shortage of labor and equipment. So it's a clearly a headwind for us that we are going to have to work very hard to manage and minimize as much as we possibly can.
Tom Hassfurther: I don’t think there is any doubt that it continues to grow. The challenge I think for all of us when it comes to e-commerce is how seasonally it is and how strong it is, the fourth quarter versus the other quarters of the year. So that probably creates the biggest angst for us, but it's fairly a growing part of the economy and it's been good for the box business.
Tom Hassfurther: We always working on those things, Debbie. So it doesn't change the way we do business. We always try to add value to our customers.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, Chris I’d also add to this. I think another good way to look at it is that even after Wallula comes up, we will be at the same integration level, 95% plus integration level that we were going into that. So those tons are all accounted for. And so there is no question. It's going to be, it's tight. It's going to remain tight and we are going to have to hit on all cylinders to make sure that there is no bloops in the system.
Tom Hassfurther: Well I think, hey Scott this is Tom. I think one of the things that you're going to find is, number one is you got a lot more employees when you go through the box plants. So obviously, they're going to be impacted more. But also, you do have a mix of union, non-union. We try to take care of our people the same way. So we're really good one to that. The fact of the matter is, it is a tight labor market and is becoming tighter. And depending on the marketplace you are in, you could have a lot of competition for that same labor market. So this is going to be a headwind for a long time I think until we get a lot of policies in this federal government straight down. So that we can figure some of this out. But it's clearly an issue and even with capital expenditures on the things we do inside these box plants requires a different talent level. Obviously, that requires some different skill sets and perhaps a different labor rates. So it's going to be a problem to having this business for quite some time to come.
Tom Hassfurther: I think, the important thing is, when you think about China is they have to have virgin fiber. And they're going to get it one way or the other, whether it's OCC, DLK or importing linerboard. They've got to have virgin fiber in their system in order to run their system. So it could come from any of those sources, and I think it's kind of dependent on price. But one thing is kind of surprising is if you think about with as little OCC as they've been importing and how OCC stayed – the price stayed up and as Mark indicated the EBITDA over the same quarter a year ago, that's kind of surprising, which I think is an indicator of which direction OCC is probably going.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, that’s an ongoing opportunity. And since we do that all the time. But also, keeping in mind that there is a limit on which how much capital you choose to spend and can justify spending and also how much you can actually physically deploy in terms of the groups that we have on the box side and on the mill side that you can take on so many projects. And you have to prioritize those opportunities and we do that all the time. And so, that's an ongoing opportunity that we deal with.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. As Mark mentioned earlier, during the quarter we were able to finalize the insurance recovery related to the incident at the DeRidder Mill. Just keep in mind that while we did not include any potential recovery in our fourth quarter EPS guidance of $1.50 per share, this final recovery is included in our recurring earnings for the full year as it offsets the negative impact to recurring earnings that we experienced in the first half of 2017. The final recovery for our claim is consistent with the estimate range we provided to you on our three previous earnings calls. Our fourth quarter 2017 effective tax rate on a recurring basis was just under 35%. Due to the late December enactment of the tax reform bill, various tax-related items in fourth quarter were impacted, creating a tax benefit that we’ve excluded from our fourth quarter recurring earnings. As you may have seen on one of these schedules we provided with yesterday's earnings release, the tax reform benefit, we excluded from our fourth quarter recurring income, was just over $122 million or $1.29 per share. The primarily item that generated this benefit is the revaluation of our net deferred tax liability to the new lower federal tax rate of 21%. We ended the quarter with $217 million of cash on hand. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included $274 million for the acquisition of Sacramento Container, $90 million for federal and state tax payments, capital expenditures of $117 million, common stock dividends of $59 million and interest payments of $29 million. Total capital spending for 2017 was $343 million. Regarding full year estimates of certain key items for the upcoming year, we expect total capital expenditures to be between $440 million to $460 million. DD&A is expected to be above $390 million, pension and postretirement benefit expense of $27 million and we expect to make cash pension and postretirement benefit plan contributions of $23 million. Based on our current long-term debt including the fourth quarter 2017 refinancing of our two term loans to fixed rate notes and the expected retirement of $150 million note in March 2018. Full year interest expense in 2018 will be approximately $101 million and cash interest payments of about $94 million. Based on current plan annual outage, maintenance outages at our mills in 2018, a total earnings impact of these outages including lost volume, direct costs and amortized repair costs is expected to be $0.60 per share versus the $0.50 per share for 2107. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2018 is $0.18 per share in the first quarter, $0.11 in the second quarter $0.15 in the third and $0.16 per share in the fourth quarter. You will note that the $0.18 per share in the first quarter of 2018 is significantly higher than what you’ve seen historically due to the heavy scheduled outage work this year primarily at DeRidder. Finally, regarding tax reform, based on currently available information, the estimate for our 2008 combined federal and state cash tax rate is in the range of 12% to 14%. I do need to point out though that our 2018 cash tax rate benefits from an overpayment of cash taxes that were due on December 15, 2017 prior to the enactment of the tax reform, which will reduce cash taxes paid in 2018. Excluding this overpayment, our federal and state cash tax rate is in the range of 17% to 19%. Our booked effective tax rate for 2018 is expected to be in the range of 24% to 26%. Pre-tax reform, our cash tax rate was approximately 36% and our effective rate was about 35%. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Bob Mundy: Yeah, I will just say Chip that with what's going on at Wallula, from a Paper segment standpoint, there is no scheduled outage impact versus previous year. So obviously there was a Paper segment impact for Wallula outages and that will show up in the Packaging segment this year in addition to there will be some cost that we call out in the non-recurring aspect related to the actual conversion activities that we will be going through as well, but those will be excluding recurring earnings.
Bob Mundy: As you know – but pricing is flat. Last year, we picked up $0.21. So sort of negate each other, if you are sort of looking at that type of comparison. And so what you had, last year, we had a $0.04 increase 4Q to 1Q this year. Again, you have to take that into consideration and you also have to remember that DeRidder even though from a timing perspective, it would showed up in our fourth quarter numbers, the impact was actually earlier in the year. So if you’re looking at through 4Q to 1Q you have to back that $0.07 out. So you back that $0.07 out and you look at where we’re going to the first quarter, you will see about a $0.03 increases which is about the same thing we had last year 4Q to 1Q….
Bob Mundy: I will say if you – so if you back-out the DeRidder impact that would show fourth quarter that $1.56, you’re sort of starting out $1.49 going to the $1.52.
Bob Mundy: So a three stand increase versus – and last year it was a sequential forced in increased. So this year we had the more challenging things that we mentioned you know the inflation is higher, freight is a bit up, the weather related things that Tom and Mark mentioned. W3 is a direct sequentially where it was as much of a drag last year, so also we have to overcome those things as well. So when you look at from that perspective it fits – it’s inline even considering the tax rate though.
Bob Mundy: No, they’re more than normal, as I was saying. And they're all within the range of $0.01 to $0.03, each one of us.
Bob Mundy: I don't want to get into that question and the detail you want, but you have to keep in mind that if you understand how robust the entire economy is and what it is doing across all input costs, whether it’s raw materials and then transporting finished goods to the customer, it is a constant factor now. Now as I said, it's a high-class factor. And so, I'd rather be in this environment than what we’ve experienced over the last 25 years. And it's something that as a nation, we have to figure out how to manage. Transportation, logistics issues, and all – the labor shortage phenomena, skilled workers, so I'll look at it as an opportunity. And so, we're not going to get into the price and kind of that thing.
Bob Mundy: Yeah, Mark I’d say this year, it's $0.03 to maybe $0.04 above what we would normally see. It’s how we're looking at it right now.
Chris Manuel: Good morning gentlemen. I have a couple of set questions. First, Bob, if you just could help me a little bit with tax cuts. I think you said this year would be kind of normalized 17% to 19% on the cash side if not for the payment that you made in December. Is that a reasonable run rate, 17 to 19, what we should think about ongoing say 19, 20 ongoing past that or does it kind of …
Chris Manuel: Okay that is helpful. And then Mark if you could help us may be just a little with phasing, it sounds like that W3 machine goes down this week, it will come back on March 1, and then will be running at…
Chris Manuel: Then it will be 240,000 ton a year clip until some point in 3Q when you put the rest of the equipment in. Is that right? Or 4Q or when is that last piece.
Chris Manuel: I guess my last question is how do you think about other opportunities that you have? Do you have other machines that you could target over the next one to two years to do similar type conversions? Or how do you also balance that with thinking of other assets that you could acquire or potentially partner with to convert.
