Mark Kowlzan: Thank you. Good morning and thank you all for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is; Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs our packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer.I'll begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full year results and then I'm going to turn it over to Tom and Bob who'll provide further details. And then I'll wrap things up and then we'd be glad to take questions.Yesterday, we reported fourth quarter 2019 net income of $136 million or $1.43 per share. Fourth quarter net income included special items of $26 million, primarily for certain costs associated with the company's November 2019 debt refinancing which included redemption premiums financing fees and write-offs for unamortized debt issuance costs and treasury lock balances.Excluding the special items, fourth quarter 2019 net income was $163 million or $1.71 per share compared to the fourth quarter 2018 net income of $205 million or $2.17 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.7 billion in both 2019 and 2018.Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter excluding special items was $335 million in 2019 and $387 million in 2018. We also reported full year 2019 earnings, excluding special items of $726 million or $7.65 per share compared to 2018 earnings excluding special items of $760 million or $8.03 per share.Net sales were $7 billion in both 2019 and 2018. Excluding the special items total company EBITDA in 2019 was $1.450 billion compared to $1.500 billion in 2018. Details of the special items for both the fourth quarter and full year 2019 and 2018 were included in the schedules that accompany the earnings press release.Excluding the special items, the $0.46 per share decrease in fourth quarter 2019 earnings compared to the fourth quarter of 2018 was driven primarily by lower prices and mix in our Packaging Business segment of $0.57; and Paper segment $0.02; higher operating costs $0.05, primarily due to inflation related increases with chemicals, labor and benefits expenses, repair material costs and other outside service costs.We also had higher non-operating pension expense of $0.02 higher depreciation expense of $0.01 and other costs including start-up related costs at our new Richland, Washington plant of $0.03.These items were partially offset by higher volumes in our Packaging segment of $0.16 and Paper segment $0.01. Lower annual outage expenses $0.04 and lower freight and logistics expenses of $0.03.Looking at our packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter 2019 of $303 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 21% versus last year's EBITDA of $352 million and sales of $1.5 billion or a 23% margin.We continue to run our containerboard system to demand in a very cost-effective manner. Our mill production supplied the necessary containerboard to achieve a new all-time quarterly record for box shipments per day and a new fourth quarter record for total box shipments allowing us to maintain our industry-leading integration rate.Our new box plant in Richland, Washington had an excellent start-up during the quarter and we're now beginning to take full advantage of the benefits from our machine conversion at the Wallula Mill with its flexibility to produce from the heavier weight, high-performance linerboard grades all the way down to the lighter weight high-performance grades. This gives us the capability to further optimize the mix and the inventory levels of the entire containerboard system and provide the type and the quality of board needed for our customers on the West Coast and in the Pacific Northwest and reduced our system-wide freight and logistics costs, which in the fourth quarter alone, provided over $2 million of benefit.For the full year 2019, packaging segment EBITDA excluding special items was $1.3 billion with sales of $5.3 billion or a 22.1% margin compared to full year 2018 EBITDA of $1.4 billion with sales of $5.9 billion or 23.6% margin.I'm now going to turn it over to Tom, who'll provide more details on containerboard sales in the corrugating business.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $53 million with sales of $244 million or a 22% margin compared to the fourth quarter of 2018 EBITDA of $52 million and sales of $227 million or 23% margin. We did a good job managing our inventories during the quarter, as we ran the system to demand and reduced our office paper inventories by almost 10% versus the third quarter of 2019.Volumes during the quarter -- or volume during the quarter was better than anticipated at levels above last year as well as the third quarter of 2019 and prices and mix were lower as expected, although slightly better than anticipated as well. Throughout the quarter, the mills [Audio Gap] control over input costs and freight in logistics expenses.For the full year 2019, Paper segment EBITDA, excluding special items was $213 million and sales were $964 million or 22% margin compared to full year 2000 [ph] EBITDA of $165 million with sales of $1 billion or 16% margin. These results are the best we've ever achieved and reflect the hard work and dedication by all employees in our paper business as well as the strategic decision to exit the white paper and pressure-sensitive business at the Wallula Mill back in 2017.I'm now going to turn it over to Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move into the first quarter of 2020. In our packaging segment, we expect lower prices as the remaining impact of the published domestic containerboard price decreases from last year worked through the system as well as the negative impact from the recent January decreases in the published prices for linerboard and medium. We also expect lower export prices. Containerboard volumes will be lower due to scheduled outages at our three largest mills during the quarter. But we do expect higher corrugated product shipments.In our paper segment, volumes will be lower due to the better-than-expected levels in the fourth quarter, as well as the scheduled outage we have at our Jackson and Alabama mill. As Bob mentioned earlier, scheduled outage costs will be significantly higher than with the four scheduled in the first quarter versus just one in the fourth quarter of 2019. Freight costs will be higher due to rail rate increases in certain areas and scheduled outage related increases.Labor and benefit costs will be higher with annual wage increases and other timing related expenses. There will be inflation with purchased electricity in most of our chemical and repair and material costs, while seasonally colder weather will increase energy and wood costs. We also expect our tax rate and depreciation expense to be slightly higher. Considering these items we expect first quarter earnings of $1.20 per share.With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Mariana, I'd like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. The third quarter sales were lower than we had expected, but also if you compare year-over-year, we were on allocation most of 2018. And then we came into 2019 and we're getting back in balance. But again third quarter was lower. And we had a number of key customers pick up their volume significantly during the fourth quarter. So, we can't provide a lot of details on that except to say that obviously we were pleased with the volume that developed.
Mark Kowlzan: No, Chip. The way our shutdowns fall some of the mills now are on an 18-month rotation. And so there are some years that we actually end up with a skip year on some of the mills and then just the way the boiler work and turbine generator work falls in you end up with a first quarter, such as, what we're describing. So it has nothing to do with meeting demand or managing inventories. It's just basically adhering to our maintenance policies and our requirements to take care of the mill assets.
Mark Kowlzan: The plans haven't changed and we called out the capital down on that lower $400 million level $400 million, $425 million. We still remain in terms of our cash uses we will be opportunistic and that could be share buyback acquisitions and then just capital opportunities in general, but we're quite content with where we are and what the cash is doing. And again, as I said on a few prior calls where we cash a dollar of cash. We're not spending we're certainly not wasting it. So, it will provide good value at the right time.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, there are two factors there. When we came through the month of September and we were looking at our plans for 4Q. Obviously, we had to anticipate the startup of the new Richland box plant. And that obviously impacts the Wallula Mill production. So the fact that the Richland box plant was on schedule and started up – and started running extremely well. We had to supply that. Also, our demand across the board for corrugated products, for containerboard outside, some extra export sales required that we had to start running the system to full capacity during the last couple of weeks of September, and that full capacity running mode continued right through the entire fourth quarter.Now part of the equation also is that during the last year, we have also worked diligently across the linerboard system to develop our own what we'll call special grade mix of high-performance virgin kraft linerboard for our own usage. And so it's moving the system into a lighter weight high-performance capability. And so we sold some extra tons.And then tons that would have shown up because you were running an older grade mix would have been a heavier basis weight grade mix that also was part of the equation. But net-net business was obviously good and we continue to supply. We also with the ability of the Wallula Mill we can supply the entire system now in the West Coast.And I mentioned that on the commentary that in terms of the total system inventory requirements and how we look at that need. We also have to consider the fact that you saw boxes on a square foot basis. And so when we look at our inventories now we start to think in terms of square feet of containerboard in our inventory system not just pure tons because of a mix we're dealing with. So it's complicated.But bottom line we ran full out and we're having to run full now into this part of the year. Obviously with the outages that we're facing we come out of these outages as we've always done we're going to have to run very well to continue to supply the demand on the packaging side of the business. That's a long answer to a short question.
Mark Kowlzan: We actually started the plant up in November. And as of the first part of January we're running right on plan. Now plant obviously has a ramp-up with our customer base, but we're extremely pleased. The plant as you could imagine is a high-volume highly automated plant, high capacity a lot of flexibility in the plant, but Tom is going to be filling that order book out. Tom, do you want to comment again with just a good start-up and we're really happy with what we're seeing here.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. We're using that term running to demand in terms of where we are right now that means running full out because we have the demand across our system. With Wallula specifically and where the Richland plant and the West Coast footprint is we're running Wallula to capacity as we speak. We've been running Wallula hard throughout the fourth quarter. And we'll have some opportunity to fine-tune the operations over the next year or two. I've spoken about that in the past year or two as we've always seen on a conversion project like what we've completed out there. Over the following subsequent year or two, you find ways to stretch the machine out. Some of it will be some capital spending. But for the short-term period, right now Wallula is running hard and running full to capacity to meet the demand internally.
Mark Kowlzan: We have numerous projects going on across the system optimization projects. We've got one big corrugator project going on out in the West Coast in the Pacific Northwest region. But we have a lot of projects throughout the 95 box plant system that are the small $0.5 million $1 million projects just debottlecking and taking advantage of the fact that again we've got a good opportunity to supply the customer base and we're taking advantage of that. So there's no one big new plant project like we just finished at Richland for this year. It's just a host of smaller opportunities, which is actually good. It means we don't have a lot of risk on the table.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Yes, that's part of it. I think I said in the prepared remarks Mark that it included the tons that are involved with those outages.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Mark. There are as usual going from the fourth to the first quarter. If you sort of look at the buckets that are of that nature you're describing, certainly, wages and benefits certainly a lot of timing things there as everything resets for a new year. The seasonal usage with the weather-related impacts on wood and energy and chemicals to an extent. And we also this year we have a going from 4Q to 1Q, we have a stock-based comp item of about $0.03 that just because the granting of these options, I mean, these restricted stock units. And what have you historically had occurred in the second quarter, now it's in the first quarter.So you'll see a negative there. But you'll -- obviously that turns back the other way as you move into the second quarter. And obviously, outages based on the guidance I gave, that will improve going into the second quarter.Paper volumes, it's -- we expect that to normalize as we move out of the -- from the Q1 to Q2. And freight, some of that freight was outage related, less able to optimize our system. So when you add all those things together, you could be, pick up $0.15 $0.20 kind of thing, as you move from Q1 to Q2.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, the cash, like I said, the -- we moved the $146 million out of what's considered cash on the balance sheet to marketable securities. So…
Mark Kowlzan: It's primarily, the -- if you think about big projects that we're involved in right now. We've got the new boiler up at Filer City Mill, that's being completed this spring and summer. That's one bigger piece of CapEx.Again, that's a total project cost in that $50 million neighborhood. But for this year, the new projects that we're looking at, as I called out without mentioning specifics is a new corrugator at one of our Pacific Northwest operations.And then, just a host of a lot of the smaller opportunities throughout the converting side of the equation to satisfy what we see as good box, demand growth. And then, the project that Wallula Mill with the new OCC plant.But again, there's a lot of business opportunity for capital spending. And then cost reductions in capital spending.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. Keep in mind that the Wallula facility is our highest cost fiber basket in the Lower 48 states. And so the OCC and some of the DLK we currently use really will give us the ultimate fiber flexibility to take advantage of the marketplace on the entire fiber basket in that Pacific Northwest region.And so, it truly will give us an opportunity to really satisfy the mill requirements. And also, keep in mind, we do anticipate over the future years of ramping up the Wallula number three capability. We have some opportunity that does require some capital, but we're quite satisfied with where we are right now on a machine productivity, and so it's a matter of just finishing up this project. The OCC plant is, again, it's a 1,000-ton a day design system, but it will give us truly some great opportunities to optimize the fiber cost at that location.
Mark Kowlzan: Mariana, thank you very much, and we appreciate everybody attending the call today. We look forward to talking to you in April regarding the first quarter results. Thank you. Have a good day.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. As Mark indicated, in corrugated products, we had an all-time record quarterly box shipments per day, which were up 0.7%, compared to last year's fourth quarter as well as a record fourth quarter total shipments, which were up 2.3% over last year. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 6.2% below last year's fourth quarter, while up 3.7% compared to the third quarter of 2019, due to higher export volume.For the full year 2019, we established new annual records for total box shipments and box shipments per day, both up 0.9% versus 2018. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.43 per share lower than the fourth quarter of 2018 and down $0.14 per share versus the third quarter of 2019, due to a less rich mix. Export containerboard prices were $0.14 per share below fourth quarter 2018 levels and down $0.02 per share compared to the third quarter of 2019.I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Tom Hassfurther: I'll just tell you that it was -- the price variance was primarily related to the rollover of the price decreases that had taken place through the year. But also as we mentioned it was mix related as well both fourth quarter over fourth quarter and third quarter compared to the fourth quarter. So that's pretty much it on the pricing side. The recycled liner what impact did that have? I mean it's virtually not impactful to us in our businesses as we mentioned before.
Tom Hassfurther: Okay, George. I'd say your question regarding mix. I mean we don't really talk about our mix much. It's obvious that export was up and that that had a dramatic impact and that was -- as far as mix is concerned that was the biggest part of the impact.Ecommerce, ecommerce remains strong. It -- I think as we've talked about before, it's maturing somewhat as a market. So I think as an industry, we've got a much better handle on it. And those sales were up earlier in the quarter than the emergency stuff that we typically would see right at the end of the quarter. Regarding paper volumes, I'll turn it back to Mark real quick.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. Chip, we don't buy recycled on the outside market. As we've said, many, many times our customers require a performance-based containerboard which is primarily all virgin. Now, even the recycled project at Wallula is designed to just be able to add some recycling to the furnish it does not change the fact that it will be a virgin board.
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, I would just say that we're slightly ahead of plan right now and I think we'll be well ahead of plan as the year rolls out and that's about the extent of what I'm going to comment on.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. In addition, I'd just say that we typically have higher exports in the fourth quarter. I think in this particular case we had customers who were holding off they were operating on very, very low inventories and became necessary to pick up the pace in the fourth quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: If you look at the full year as we're starting to look at things we ended 2019 with obviously the Richland box plant coming on as planned. And so when you balance all of that supply and demand we're quickly approaching that 94%, 95% level which as we said a few years ago at 94%, 95% level that's what we consider full integration. And so last year through the first three quarters, we were down in the low 90% range integration, but we've moved up. And so we're going to have to run full this year in order to supply our anticipated order book. So we're in a good place.
Tom Hassfurther: It's slightly helped by the Richland startup, Mark. I don't have the exact breakdown but I mean it's going to be relatively small in this January number. And -- but as the quarter rolls on it will become more important to us.
