Thomas A. Hassfurther: Thanks Mark. As Mark alluded to, in the fourth quarter our corrugated products plants established a new fourth quarter total shipments record and set a new all-time quarterly record for shipments per day both up 0.1% over the fourth quarter of 2020 which was an all-time record quarter for us and the industry. On a sequential basis we exceeded third quarter 2021 ship -- total shipments even though we had three less shipping days in the fourth quarter. For the full year annual corrugated shipment records were set as well both in total up 4.5% and shipments per day up 5% with one less shipping day compared to 2020. In addition to supplying the record internal needs of our box plants our outside sales volume of containerboard was 36,000 tons higher than the third quarter of 2021 and 91,000 tons above last year's fourth quarter. In addition to the strong domestic market as we typically do during the second half of the year, we needed to catch up on commitments to our key export customers.  As you know we are not large players in the export market but we have developed long term relationships with certain customers over many years and you can't just turn these relationships on and off based on the relative dynamics in the domestic and global markets. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $1.87 per share higher than the fourth quarter of 2020 and up $0.37 per share versus the third quarter of 2021 as we have substantially completed our rollout of last year's price increase announcements. Export containerboard prices were $0.30 per share above the fourth quarter of 2020 and $0.09 per share higher than the third quarter of 2021.  Regarding our fourth quarter demand and our current outlook for 2022 as I have mentioned before, the same issues that continue to impact our ability to get more volume out of our box plants also persist with our customers and suppliers. Labor shortages which had already been an issue for some time have been even more challenging with the impact of the Omicron variant. Truck and driver availability, the lack of available box cars to move containerboard from our mills to our box plants, and many other supply chain bottlenecks will continue to be challenges for quite some time. Customers continue to tell us they have higher demand and could ship more if not for these or similar issues. There's no doubt we view demand as strong and we expect this to continue even with the numerous obstacles most companies are facing.  Finally, I would like to add that our acquisition of Advanced Packaging that we spoke about during our last call was successfully completed last month. This acquisition gives us the ability to integrate over 80,000 tons per year and provides several other benefits and synergy opportunities that we will deliver on very quickly. Although there was no meaningful contribution to our fourth quarter results as the transaction closed late in the quarter, we have already made tremendous progress integrating Advanced into our operations and we're off to a great start towards achieving our goals and objectives. This could not have been accomplished without the outstanding effort and dedication of the employees of PCA including our newest employees from Advanced Packaging. I will now turn it back to Mark. 
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Hey George, this is Tom. Let me just give you a little bit of flavor for where we're starting out the year. If you -- and there's a little bit of confusion in the numbers perhaps. So the FPA considered January 3rd to be a full workday, whereas for the most part, PCA, that was a holiday. So if you left the FPA number in, we're up about 2% for the month. If you took that number out, you just went with the PCA days, we're up 9%. So maybe blended somewhere in there we're probably up about 5% to 5.5%. But as the quarter rolls on, that will kind of smooth out and even out. Regarding the supply constraints and optimizing mix, we're constantly looking at those sorts of things. And yes, there's no question that at times we'll have to rationalize some business, we'll have to do some other things. But for the most part, I'd just remind you, I mean, we've got 16,000-plus customers. We've partnered with these customers over a long, long period of time. We're very selective to the type of people we do business with, and we want to align ourselves with people who have long-term growth potential where we can enjoy both growth together. So that kind of -- hopefully, that answers your question this morning.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, certainly Mark. And George, if you think about it, with the volume that we had and that we were able to grow with our existing customer base, had we not had Jackson, none of that would have materialized for the most part. And so the big jump in improvement really is a result of being able to get that board out of Jackson. And if you recall, I believe we forecast to be -- to take about 25% downtime in Jackson in the fourth quarter, which we didn't do at all, just due to the fact that we had significant demand and that demand is carrying right into the first quarter.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes. I would -- I'm very bullish. We're starting out very strong. We've got very good backlogs going into the year. It would be -- it would certainly be nice to get on a little more on to the downside of this Omicron strain, because if there's any one thing that's impacting right now, it's the fact that not only -- not only do we have labor shortages as a result of it, so do our customers. So it's a little bit choppy in our ability to be able to supply our customers on a consistent basis, because things are changing almost daily in every single box plant across the United States. But all of our customers, virtually across the board, tell us that they could have shipped significantly more if not for the labor shortages, truck issues and other supply chain issues that we mentioned.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, Mark. Well, I'll take the last one first regarding the corrugators. For a long time as an industry, we've been moving to wider corrugators. And the mills have just -- in my opinion, some of that is good for mills and some of that is not so good for mills. And as Mark just talked about, when you've got a wider machine, obviously, we've got more flexibility in terms of the trim pool for those wider machines for the wider corrugators. So, -- and quite frankly, what you need to do to efficiently get volume out of a box plant today, you're going to need a wider corrugator just to be able to run a profitable business, getting the proper amount of footage out the door. And a lot of these narrow corrugators are finding their way into combining into two narrows into one larger corrugator and those sorts of things. So there's a lot of moving parts going on, and that's been going on for quite some time. And it's -- if you take our mill system as an example, they just -- they know who their customers are, and they just adapt to what the customer needs are, and we figure out a way to do it and we figure out a way to do it very efficiently.  The inflationary pressures at the box plants, you've got labor, obviously, is a big, big issue for us. And the inefficiencies built in with all the absenteeism and everything else around the COVID that we've been dealing with for a number of years. Transportation is an enormous issue and all indicators are that, that's still rising dramatically and energy costs as well. So those are our key drivers.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, that's -- listen, I mean, there's a lot of different things and a lot of different pricing mechanisms that we use. But ultimately, obviously, we're just not -- we're not prepared to eat these enormous freight increases and stuff, and that's what's driving some of the price improvements that we've just realized.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: No. Mark, this is Tom. We don't -- as you know, we never talk about forward-looking pricing or what our thoughts are around it or anything else. So it's -- that's all I'm going to say about that.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, I totally agree with you, Mark, and it's -- I think a lot of people jump to conclusions quickly just based on mill inventory. And as Mark just alluded to, if you look at our box plants, our box plants are very skinny on inventory right now, and we need every ton that we can get out of those mills. Nothing's changed in the demand curve, as I talked about. So -- and of course, we trade paper as well. And we see the same problems coming out of other mills that we do out of our own. So I think taking a small snapshot of inventory at the mill level, which is -- which is a low number to begin with, and seeing those numbers go up, has led to a little bit of a misnomer, in my opinion, as to where inventories really sit right now in the industry.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Hey Gabe, listen, our customer base and primarily, I mean I think the industry has done a very good job of educating our customer base, consumers etcetera with the fact that we have a sustainable product. And you can't have a recycled product without starting with a virgin product. So I think that most people now and certainly our customers, and we've done a good job educating our customers to the fact that virgin fiber, it performs very well. It gives us a lot of flexibility in terms of the amount of fiber we have in the sheet. We constantly are working on those sorts of things. And that creates the recycled stream down the road. So they get the closed loop system, they get the sole sustainability story around containerboard grades. And we'll continue to do what we see as the best things to do for our company and for our mills and for our cost structures going forward. And we really believe in fiber flexibility, and I think that's proven to be very good for us in the long term.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I've got very little to add to that. I mean that is the way we look at our business. And even the small outside customer base, and I've mentioned before many times that, that outside independent customers have become smaller and smaller and smaller, as they begin -- as we've acquired them or other people in the industry have gone through the acquisition. And of course, the one we just did in Advanced, that was another very large one that is now -- will now be fully integrated. But even those outside customers that we have, we have such long-term relationships with them and long-term contracts with them that even to some extent, that few percentage of those customers we consider to be and treat them like they're fully integrated.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I'd just say that one thing that's -- one thing to keep in mind is as we've continued to grow our business, the inventory has to be somewhat commensurate with that growth. And we just have not been able to totally catch up with that. We got -- as Mark said, we got into a decent position last spring and summer, but here we are starting out this year. We got a pretty gigantic backlog, demand has moved up again, and we've got mill outages coming. So it is all hands on deck to not only get everything produced what we can produce at the mill level, but to get it shipped to the box plants and to some of our other customers. Now the other good news is, at least, that our export business is heavy in the second half of the year and primarily into the fourth quarter. So that will get a little relief there, but we've got a lot of work to do to get the inventory levels back up.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, that really depends, Mike. What we'd really like to do is we could get back to some normality here. We like to operate with lean inventories if we can, providing we've got the whole transportation system and supply chain in place to be able to do that. Unfortunately, right now, we're still a long way away from that. But if and when that time returns, we'll operate incredibly efficiently, because that's a cost area that we'd like to avoid, if we could.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes. We typically, from the time of formal announcement to completion, we typically will roll that out over about a 90-day period.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I wish it was as predictable as that question might make it appear. We could have a high percentage of a workforce not out and in one place, and then have a pretty good percentage out at another place. So it's just moving across the country. And if you track what's happened with this Omicron variant, as an example, we track very closely with what's going on nationally. However, it's incredibly disruptive. At one point in time where you just have a -- you might have a whole crew on a particular machine center, a couple of machine centers not available on a particular shift, when in essence, we've got -- we certainly have the demand for that. So -- but I think in addition, I think what really complicates this labor issue is what I mentioned earlier, and then Bob just mentioned again, our customers are dealing with the same exact thing. And so there's a lot of disruption as a result of that trying to deal with this.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thanks Tom.  with sales of $143 million or 18.4% margin compared to fourth quarter 2020 EBITDA of $10 million in sales of $156 million or 6.1% margin. For the full year 2021 paper segment EBITDA excluding special items was $72 million with sales of $600 million or a 12% margin compared to full year 2020 EBITDA of 73 million with sales of 675 million or a 10.8% margin.  As expected sales volume was below last year and third quarter 2021 levels as we did not produce anything for volume at the Jackson mill during the quarter. Average paper prices and mix were 9% above fourth quarter for 2020 and over 3% higher than the third quarter of 2021 as we continued the implementation of our previously announced price increases. While we have currently maintained our capability to produce uncoated freesheet on both machines at Jackson, we will continue to monitor market conditions and run our paper system accordingly. As we begin the call -- as we begin the year we anticipate that volume from our paper segment will be fairly representative of the over 500,000 tons per year capacity at the International Falls mill. The commercial team and the employees at International Falls have done a tremendous job optimizing our inventory, product mix, and cost structure and for 2022 we expect solid EBITDA margins of 15% to 20% from the paper segment.  Finally, I'll mention that last week we notified customers of an $80 per ton price increase effective with shipments beginning February 14th for all office papers, printing papers, and converting papers. I will now turn it over to Bob. 
Mark W. Kowlzan: And then regarding the share buyback, as far as the remaining authorization that was utilized, it was -- the decision was made, it was the right time to use that authorization. It was the right time to buy and send that signal. And then as far as the new authorization for $1 billion, again, we just feel that's the appropriate number to have available as we go forward, and it continues to send the right message to the investors and shareholders, that we're going to continue delivering a return in many different ways, dividends, share repurchases, capital investments, and growing the company, i.e., growing the earnings that support all of that. So on to the next question, please.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Let me just describe it in this manner. For 2021, we were working on 1,060 projects between the mills and box plants. And just in the box plants alone, on what we'd call significant sized projects, we had over 100 projects that we're taking care of and involving 53 of the plants, and we're continuing that effort and it involves everything from equipment replacement, equipment upgrades, corrugated rebuilds, new corrugators, just the continuing effort that we've been executing for the last four to five years now. We're doing it in a bigger way. The mills continue to enhance that opportunity to work on cost and efficiency. As we speak, we -- just two days ago, we just finished the rebuild of the Wallula number 2 paper machine. We rebuilt the wet end, new head box, new stock approach, all new electric drives, new DCS, a lot of supporting equipment on the machine. A lot of that work was done primarily by our own PCA personnel. And it was, again, just another example of what we do. Also as we speak, we're completing the first larger phase of the $50-some-odd million Woodyard project at Wallula, that's been started up over the last week. So these are the type of projects that will continue to enhance our ability. And so these projects will just continue. We have a whole portfolio that we work on every year, but these are the type of projects that we'll continue to see. Just again, numerous enhancements throughout the system. 
Mark W. Kowlzan: We've studied that, obviously, we're not going to talk a lot about that in public. That is a very good quality machine. It's obviously not as big -- the number 1 Jackson machine is not as big a machine as the number 3, but it is a very good quality machine. It has a very good trim. So as we are doing the analysis that we currently have underway, we look at market, we look at growth, we look at what our internal needs are, that machine offers a tremendous amount of opportunity. And then it depends on how much capital we would choose to apply to that opportunity. And I'll give you an example, the machine with minimal capital could produce 500 tons a day or at an appropriate capital spending, you could produce 1,000 tons a day. So it all depends on what we determine as the right situation in terms of demand and where we want to get tons from, but a lot of opportunity and a great asset base.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I want to comment. If you went back to 2019 period, 2018, 2019, and you compare the hundreds and hundreds of projects that we've executed over the last couple of years, all of these from new equipment, equipment upgrades, new box plants, we've improved productivity per unit hour approximately 20% across the packaging system. And so our growth and the results would not be what they are if we had not been able to achieve the capital upgrade and improve all of the asset base in the corrugated packaging side of the business.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, if you go back before the pandemic and you think about a normal holiday, you could count on a rail switch one switch a day, even through the holidays. You'd have trucks still showing up as scheduled. Now we've just experienced a holiday where we didn't see trains for days to come and bring empty cars in and take your loaded cars away. And because of Omicron in particular, and what it was doing to the availability of drivers and rail crews, we had to deal with that. We were close to, in a few cases, running out of room to put containerboard on the floor at mills. And so it was an extremely challenging holiday period. So again, that's our take on that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: It's improved significantly, but it's improved to where we were before the holidays, which was not very good to begin with. I mean it's really the pandemic-related impacts of labor availability for everybody out there, whether it's the trucking industry, railroads. And so we have our inventories now headed back at the mill level into a more normal balance and getting containerboard out to the box plants and our outside customers. But again, every day is still a challenge. When you look at the winter weather and how that now impacts storm to storm. So again, it's improved, but we still have all eyes on, on what's happening 24 hours a day, trying to make sure we don't fall behind.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And I think also part of your question regarding going to the outside market for containerboard, we don't see that need. We're looking out into the future years on -- as the packaging side grows and we need to supply that demand. We have levers to pull internally on how we would do that, and we're very comfortable looking out over the next three to five years on how we would achieve the type of growth we would expect.
Mark W. Kowlzan: There's -- the only good way to answer that is that we just believed it was the right time that we wanted to go ahead and just reaffirm our ability to continue to take care of the investors and return value to the investors in numerous ways. We've been doing that with the dividends. We continue to generate extremely high returns with our capital spending that ultimately generates higher profitability, which continues to feed into the value for the shareholders. But we felt, again, with the cash that we had available and the fact that the stock was trading in the range it had been, we felt it was a fair price to buy at and it was the right time to buy it. Maybe it's as simple as that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I'd like to thank everybody for taking the time to join us today, and we look forward to talking to you in April to review the first quarter earnings results. Take care. Have a good day.
Robert P. Mundy: Thanks Mark. The lower tax rate benefit in the fourth quarter was a result of favorable state income tax return versus provision adjustments made annually. We expect our tax rate for the first quarter of 2022 to represent a more typical rate of approximately 25%. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $391 million with free cash flow of $152 million. Capital expenditures were $239 million which was a bit higher than the guidance we gave you on our call last quarter as we were able to get more work completed on projects at several corrugated plants as well as items related to the Jackson number 3 machine conversion than we had anticipated. For the year our total capital spending of $605 million were still below our original guidance range due to the same material equipment and labor availability issues we spoke about last quarter.  Other cash payments during the fourth quarter included $189 million for the purchase price of the advanced packaging acquisition, dividend payments of $95 million, cash tax payments of $42 million, and net interest payments of $38 million. As we mentioned on our last call, during the third quarter we issued $700 million of 30-year 3.05% notes and use the proceeds from these notes to redeem our 4.5% 700 million 2023 notes in early October. This transaction lowered our overall interest rate from 3.9% to 3.5%, lowered our annual interest expense by $11 million per year, and extended our average debt maturity from 8.5 years to 16.3 years. Our gross debt remains unchanged at $2.5 billion.  Based on the timing of closing the new bonds in September, our cash balance at the end of the third quarter included the new bond proceeds. However, since the redemption of the old bonds occurred in October, there was a cash outflow in the fourth quarter totaling $756 million which included a redemption premium for the retired bonds. The final significant cash payment in the fourth quarter was $193 million for repurchasing over 1.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $133.79 per share. This provided an earnings per share benefit of approximately $0.01 in the fourth quarter compared to last year and we expect an additional sequential benefit of approximately $0.02 per share in the first quarter of 2022. These repurchases of our outstanding stock, together with $380 million of annual dividend payments, represent over 52% of cash from operations or 64% of net income that was returned to shareholders in 2021. We ended the year with $765 million of cash including marketable securities and our liquidity at December 31st was just under $1.1 billion. For the full year 2021 cash from operations was $1.1 billion and free cash flow was $489 million. Our recurring effective tax rate for 2021 was 24% and our final reported cash tax rate was 19%.  Regarding full year estimates for 2022 of certain key items as we move forward, we expect total capital expenditures to be approximately $800 million and DD&A is expected to be approximately $455 million. With the recent fourth quarter 2021 share repurchases, we expect dividend payments of approximately $375 million and cash, pension, and postretirement benefit plan contributions of 52 million. Our full year interest expense in 2022 is expected to be approximately $86 million and net cash interest payments should be about $85 million. The estimate for our 2022 combined Federal and State cash tax rate is approximately 20% and our book effective tax rate approximately 25%.  Currently planned annual maintenance outages at our mills in 2022 will result in approximately 35,000 more tons of lost containerboard production compared to 2021, which includes the tons lost during the first phase of the Jackson number 3 machine conversion in the fourth quarter. The annual earnings impact of these outages, including lost volume, direct costs, and amortized repair costs is expected to be $1.13 per share compared to $0.91 per share in 2021. Current estimated impact by quarter in 2022 is $0.15 per share in the first quarter, $0.33 in the second quarter, $0.24 in the third, and $0.41 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark 
Robert P. Mundy: Yes, and George regarding the, I think, your question around the shift of costs from paper segment to packaging relative to Jackson in the quarter. Well, year-over-year, it was probably around $13 million that moved from paper to package of cost and then sequentially, it was probably $6 million, maybe about $7 million that moved from paper to packaging.
Robert P. Mundy: Yes Phil, this is Bob. You sort of look -- as we said, there's inflation like we've never seen in addition to what we -- the normal timing and seasonal type things. Moving sequentially all in, it's $0.55 to $0.60 per share. And I would say maybe $0.10, a little over $0.10 of that is just the seasonal timing type thing. So the balance of that is this inflation we're referring to. And yes, you're right, I think OCC seems to have stabilized a bit, but although extremely high compared to last year still. But the other buckets, whether it be the majority of the change in wood fiber, pretty much every chemical that we use, is going up. Energy will be higher. And then the big one is labor and benefits, over and above the timing type items that I mentioned. So it's really across the board, repairs and materials and other things. And of course, freight. Freight is another big item. So there's -- they're all fairly significant relative to what we've seen historically.
Robert P. Mundy: Hey Adam, this is Bob. I'll say that I know you were one of the ones that were wanting us to quantify again once we did stop just -- but there are more uncertainties now probably than when we stopped giving the guidance right there after the pandemic began back in 2020. Because so many things, whether it be people leaving the workforce, the COVID variants that have just made that situation worse, the supply chain has become even more complex and difficult, and many more obstacles. So things that have been embedded that started after the pandemic began have just becoming -- they just sort of continue to get worse. So there's more uncertainty now for us than there was when we stopped the guidance, frankly, and our results have shown, we've been conservative obviously, in our guidance, and -- which is one of the reasons I think we end up beating it. But as Tom alluded to, these same things that we struggle with, our customers struggle with. They see the orders, they put in orders for containers and boxes, but yet, then at the other end, they don't have the labor to get their orders out the door. So they have to change what they're doing. And that changes -- that all backs up to our forecasting and so forth. And it's not like we all of a sudden got dumb relative to how do we do this, we've always been fairly accurate, but they're just a lot more unknowns now, frankly, than there was when we started this back in late -- in the early part of 2020.
Robert P. Mundy: Anthony, this is Bob. I'll just say that relative to when it was originally scheduled in the spring and now frankly, the volume we were expecting out of Jackson this year is really about -- will be about the same. Because from when we originally started that machine up, we're actually getting more production out of it, or more efficiency out of it than we had originally thought. So although we won't be on that higher ramp as early in the year this year, because we pushed it from the spring to the fall, those -- that additional efficiency we've been getting out of the machine sort of on a net-net basis, we'll get about exactly what we thought we would get before we push that outage.
