Mark Kowlzan: Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's fourth quarter and full-year earnings release conference call. I am Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging Business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I will begin the call with an overview of our fourth quarter and full-year results and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide more details. I will then wrap things up and will be glad to take questions. Yesterday we reported fourth quarter net income of $111 million or $1.17 per share. Fourth quarter net income included special items of $5.5 million for acquisitions-related costs and facility closure and restructuring costs. Excluding these special items, fourth quarter 2016 net income was $116 million or $1.23 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 net income of $105 million or $1.08 per share. Fourth quarter net sales were $1.5 billion in 2016 and $1.4 billion in 2015. Total company EBITDA for the fourth quarter excluding special items was $293 million in both 2016 and $265 million in 2015. We also reported full-year earnings excluding special items of $462 million or $4.88 per share compared to 2015 earnings excluding special items of $443 million or $4.53 per share. Net sales in 2016 were $5.8 billion compared to $5.7 billion in 2015. Excluding the special items, total company EBITDA in 2016 was $1.2 billion, compared to $1.1 billion in 2015. Details of special items for both fourth quarter and full-year 2016 were included in the schedule that accompanied our earnings press release. Fourth quarter 2016 earnings per share, excluding special items of $1.23, were $0.15 per share above the fourth quarter of 2015, driven primarily by higher containerboard and corrugated products volume of $0.16; higher white papers prices and mix $0.03; lower fiber costs $0.06; and lower annual outage costs $0.09. These items were partially offset by lower containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix of $0.04; lower paper volume of $0.04; higher costs for labor $0.02; and repairs $0.02; higher expenses for depreciation $0.02 and interest $0.01 and a higher tax rate of $0.04. Our earnings were $0.08 per share better than our fourth quarter guidance. Higher volumes in both our Packaging and Paper segments contributed to about $0.04 per share in total. Operational excellence across all mills and corrugated plants contributed another $0.06 per share, and fiber and chemical usage in the containerboard mills was $0.02 favorable. These items more than offset the lower-than-forecasted price and mix for containerboard of $0.02 and white paper to $0.01 and higher recycled fiber costs of $0.01. Looking at our Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter of 2016 of $259 million, with sales of $1.2 billion, resulted in margins of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $252 million and sales of $1.1 billion or 23% margin. For the full-year, excluding special items, Packaging EBITDA was $1.02 billion with sales of $4.6 billion for a 22.2% margin compared to the full-year of 2015 EBITDA of $1.1 billion with sales of $4.48 billion or a 22.5% margin. Operationally the containerboard mills ran exceptionally well with record production of 962,000 tons, driven by the need to support record box shipments and the rapid integration of our new corrugated plants from the TimBar and Columbus Container acquisitions. We ended the year with containerboard inventories including the inventory needs of our two acquisitions flat with last year's levels. Inventories were up about 17,000 tons from the end of the third quarter due to the addition of our acquisitions and to prepare for outages at our three largest mills during the first and second quarter this year. Additionally excellent fiber and chemical usage offset price inflation we experienced in these areas during the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on containerboard sales and our corrugated business.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the fourth quarter was $50 million with sales of $254 million or a 20% margin, compared to the fourth quarter 2015 EBITDA of $28 million and sales of $273 million or a 10% margin. The EBITDA improvement over last year was primarily due to excellent operational effectiveness throughout the quarter and our Jackson Alabama mill being down for an extended period for a planned rebuild of the recovery boiler with reduced production and increased operating cost during the fourth quarter of 2015, versus no scheduled outage in this year's fourth quarter. Paper segment price and mix was higher than the fourth quarter of 2015, contributing about $0.03 per share and flat with the third quarter of 2016. Paper volume was lower compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, primarily due to the previously announced fourth quarter shutdown of our market pulp operations at our Wallula Mill, and down versus the seasonally stronger third quarter of 2016. The reduction of pulp volume from the shutdown was key driver of the decrease in segment sales for the quarter. Full-year 2016 EBITDA, excluding special items, was $199 million and sales were $1.1 billion or an 18.2% margin compared to full-year 2015 EBITDA of $161 million with sales of $1.1 billion or a 14.1% margin. I'm now going to turn it over to Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Bob. In summary, 2016 was a record year for PCA as we continued to see significant benefits from the DeRidder containerboard mill and white paper mills optimization efforts. We completed the TimBar and Columbus Container acquisitions and fully integrated their volume. We ended the year with containerboard inventories at the lowest levels in two years and box plant cut up set new record. Dividend was raised 15% making its sixth increases over the last five years for a cumulative total increase of 320%. Looking ahead to the first quarter, we expect to realize the vast majority of our previously announced Packaging segment price increases, and we expect higher corrugated product shipments resulting from our organic growth, and our two recent acquisition, as well as four more shipping days in the first quarter. We have had lower containerboard and paper production volume, as we have scheduled maintenance outages on one of our machines at both the Counce and DeRidder containerboard mills and on one of our machines at our Jackson, Alabama white paper mill. We expect higher freight costs as well as higher labor and benefits costs with annual wage increases and other timing related expenses. We also anticipate continued price inflation on recycled fiber, energy and certain chemicals, and seasonally colder weather will increase wood and energy costs. Considering these items, we expect first quarter earnings of $1.26 per share. With that, we would be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I would like to open up the call to questions please.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. If you were to think about we've raised the capital estimate for this year, there is some projects that we already identified in the past, as I've said, we're working our files. We pull those and we are beginning to execute. These are - as you can primarily work at the DeRidder Mill and it involves both machines at DeRidder but the work will be done until the annual outages of 2018. But it fits in nicely with our growth platform and how we fully take advantage of the DeRidder mill. And to capital, it's not anyone big item. As we've said before, the smaller amount $10 million, the $5 million, but it's basically enhancing both machines capability to optimize the mill. We are doing some other work at the mill on energy. We've got another turbine generator that we had wired long with the one that was installed at the I Falls, so we'll see similar benefits on cost take out over the course of the next 18 months in DeRidder. But that's a good example of where we are looking at taking through some nice high return capital with some tons that we can place into the system.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, if you look at our grade mix currently, we are participating in just about everything that's out in the marketplace with the exception of the ultra lightweights that would be using some very specialty type applications. And I think we view that as just not a current opportunity. Tom, you can add some color to that, but again I think this discussion we’ve had for the last few years about the size in that market on that super lightweight.
Mark Kowlzan: Mark, the trade case did exactly what we targeted to do. They traded a level playing field with some of the folks that we needed to address. But keep in mind, there has been competition for the last 35 years from all over the world. We'll get cut-size office paper. We could go out and set up grades. We were dealing with the world competition back in the 1980s and 1990s, so nothing has changed. It’s just you have the Asian side of the supply chain now, but imports did drop significantly last year and then they picked back up [indiscernible] and now with the end of the year. But we expected that would happen. At the same time we are pleased with where our volume is. We are pleased with our business. And so like in that trade cases has achieved exactly what we hoped it would achieve.
Mark Kowlzan: I think you just said it all. We will remain opportunistic in all opportunities that we see whether it's being mindful of paying down some debt, acquisitions that came along that were great opportunities such as Columbus Packaging or TimBar, an opportunity to acquire a mill and expand containerboard capacity. We've purposefully set this balance sheet up to have this flexibility to do what we require to do and continue delivering value for the shareholders and continue growing the value proposition.
Mark Kowlzan: Corrugated as a segment. Again we saw the $0.05 benefit but was against some of the leakage that had occurred and that finally netted itself out.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, on volume, Mark, yes, $0.05 for corrugated domestic containerboard that was the benefit and then export was flat.
Mark Kowlzan: Again we were pleased, volume itself office papers was up slightly year-over-year, so volume was a very good story. But also all of the work we have done over the last three years has continued to be accretive. The turbine generator, we used that example last year, but we continue to work on the white paper mills effectiveness week after week, so throughout 2016 we had our technology organization doing what we do well and that's helping the white paper mills continue to drive costs out and run more effectively. So the big contribution for the fourth quarter as well as the full-year was the fact that volume is up slightly, but also that we were able to take significant costs out by actually all-time record setting uptime efficiencies at the white paper mills.
Mark Kowlzan: Right, it’s I think interesting question. If you look back and look to three years ago, we actually had more people working in the white mills than we did three years ago. And again we are just running a world-class efficiencies, world-class uptime performance month after month. Last year 2016 set an all-time performance record at the Jackson and I Falls mills in terms of their uptime efficiencies.
Mark Kowlzan: George, I think we are at a point now, once you're at 95% integration and were working on these projects to take care of our organic needs, we have opportunities. We’ve said this fact that you can - depending on the amount of capital you want to spend, you can add capacity. So if it’s a capital versus benefit price analyses. But at the end of the day we are fine for the time being. We are right back where we were in 2012 period looking at this type of high integration level and how we go forward. Obviously over the next few years, we’re going to have to make some different decisions on how we set the growth platform for higher level but we will talk about that when we’re ready.
Mark Kowlzan: So let me answer that second part of the question first and I’ll let Bob go back to the breakout between the capital piece [ph]. Because of the long lead items for a few pieces of capital equipments that are required, we'll do this in two phases. We’ll do some of the work on this year’s annual average at DeRidder through the winter and spring period and then we have to wait to fully capitalize on that for some of the equipment to be delivered at the end of this year into early next year to install some of the equipment, and then fully take advantage of our plants. I don’t want to call out the incremental capacity. All I would say is that it allows us to continue the growth trajectory that we have plans to look for the next two years.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again without giving you any details, there is always capacity that could be increased. It just depends on how much capital we choose to spend and then it becomes a decision on where is the best place to apply that capital. So we've got some decisions to make as we go forward over the next two years. Again but I’ll reiterate it’s the same place we were in 2012 and evaluating a runway through our containerboard supply. I look at it - it’s a high class place to be.
Mark Kowlzan: I'm not going to answer that absolutely, but if you look at our performance historically, given our capital application and how we run the mills and how we run the box plants, we go to market, in general we have been able to keep up with inflation and go up or do better than inflation with cost take out and organic volume growth acquisition contributions. And so that will continue to be our plan.
Mark Kowlzan: Obviously containerboard volume and containerboard price are the big positives and paper price positive year-over-year, and then you would have to say that if again GDP continues to pull the demand, that supports the volume. And then we would have to assume that we continue to do what we do well and that’s operate our mills very effectively to work on the cost side of the equation. So that's pretty much the big pieces right there.
Mark Kowlzan: We’re confident. We’ve got options. We got mix changes within our very flexible manufacturing system. We still got the exports and domestic volumes as we continue to assess the value that we derive per ton sold. And so again we’ve got various options and we’re confident we can supply that organic need as we could anticipate into next year. So we’re feeling pretty good about where we are.
Mark Kowlzan: We are pretty well set on the maintenance plans. Again when you look year-to-year on what you have to do with those big integrated mills, the plan is pretty well get set and you have a basic high confidence of inspection requirements. And so in that regard, we don't see any changes that the plant is coming up.
Mark Kowlzan: No. We've not had any issues at Valdosta, no, regarding any storm outage impact and/or wood availability or pricing impact.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, David, we are not going to get in those details but I did say that our exposure is more in, what I'd call, third-party as opposed to what you might consider to be the traditional e-commerce providers. So having exposure but it’s not in some of your more traditional markets and I’ll leave it with that.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Mark. Appreciate it. And with that operator, we’re out of time. I appreciate everybody taking the time to be with us today and look forward to talking with you after the first quarter results are in for the April call. Have a nice day. Thank you.
Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. In Corrugated products, we set new all-time shipment records both in total and per workday with total shipments up 9.7% or 11.5% per workday over last year's fourth quarter. Our outside sales volume of containerboard was up almost 5,000 tons versus last year's fourth quarter and about 11,000 tons below the third quarter of this year. Overall Packaging segment volumes contributed about $0.16 per share above last year's fourth quarter. For the full-year, shipments in total were up 5% or 4.6% per workday over 2015. Packaging segment price and mix was lower compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 by about $0.04 per share but up $0.05 per share compared to the third quarter of 2016 as we began implementing the announced price increases to our containerboard and corrugated products customers throughout the fourth quarter. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.02 per share below the fourth quarter of 2015, but up $0.05 per share compared to the third quarter of 2016. Export containerboard prices were down about $0.02 per share below fourth quarter 2015 levels and fairly flat with the third quarter of this year. Finally I would like to add that our recent acquisitions have bolted on seamlessly during the fourth quarter. These operations have proven to be an excellent bet and we’re off to a great start towards achieving our goals. Of course this could not have been accomplished without the outstanding effort and dedication of all employees of PCA, including our newest teams from TimBar and Columbus Container. I'll now turn it back to Mark
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Chip, I would just add that in the case of Columbus, we only have one month of Columbus in the numbers for the fourth quarter, so there is some more to realize there. TimBar rolled in very nicely and there is probably a little bit more there, but for the most part we got most of the benefit in the fourth quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Chip, I would say coming out of a very strong fourth quarter, we have a very strong January as well. Organically that's legacy plants we are up about 3% to-date. So we are off to a very good start and demand continues to be very good.
Tom Hassfurther: As we indicated on the October call and through some of the other public discussion we had in the fourth quarter, we expected to end the year and to start this year at around 95% integration, and that was cumulative effect of our organic growth and the acquisitions last year, and that's right where we are. We are right about that 95% level, so again we are where we expected to be and we’ve adjusted our business for that and we're looking at how we go forward.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, I think, Mark, as Mark alluded to, we are not participating in that super ultra lightweight category and there is a reason why and that is because our customer demand doesn't really call for it. If they call for it, I suppose we would take a look at moving in those kind of direction. But I want you to keep in mind one thing that we've been talking about for a number of quarters now and that is that we really are in the performance grades and that's really what we focus on maximizing performance for directly attributing to our customers’ needs and that's how we gear our mill systems. So we really do in essence participate in the great majority of everything but it's on a performance measure basis.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Chris, the main reason I gave you the legacy organic growth for January is that's when we have real visibility into right now so - and that's probably the most meaningful number. You can tack on obviously TimBar and Columbus to that number and then you can get to the number that you can forecast going forward. So we want to emphasize the growth that's going on in organically and that should get represented across our entire system. And so you're probably looking at 10% to 11% as the - if you tack on TimBar and Columbus part of that 3% number I gave you.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I would say, Philip, we could predict the quarter given the indicators and how they’ve started out, what goes ongoing forward is anybody’s guess however. If the administration does some of the things they’ve talked about doing and with all our focus right here in the United States, that probably bodes quite well for PCA in terms of demand going forward. End markets, I think there was some discussion about e-commerce on our last call and what it might mean to the fourth quarter, and I think you see those statistics that e-commerce did set reference beyond what the expectation was in the fourth quarter. I think the entire industry was helped by that. We don't have a tremendous exposure to that area. Ours are more a third-party but nonetheless that probably helps us as well, and I think the prospects going forward are quite good, and like you said, we’re off toward a [indiscernible].
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, the organic growth in the fourth quarter would have been 3.2%. Okay? So again then you take and then add on, then what TimBar and Columbus added to that fourth quarter. Now keep in mind that the first quarter of ‘17 is going to have four more days than the fourth quarter of ‘16. So on a per day basis, the number goes up a little bit in the fourth quarter just because you have fewer days.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, Mark, the export pricing is definitely moving up and demand is quite good. South America is very good this year. So there is - the demand trend even in export continues to be quite good.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. It’s demand-driven and demand is tied to GDP pretty significant once again. And so I would just say that if GDP grows in any meaningful fashion, you will see box demand, box cut-up move in that same trend line. So your guess is as good as mine in terms of what actually happened, so I think we are believing that we are better positioned in terms of we are still American-based manufacturing, and so far our customers here in the United States are in that regard would like to wait and see what Washington finally does.
Tom Hassfurther: No, Scott. I don't think there is anything in particular. I mean, e-commerce obviously is enormous in the fourth quarter. It’s the by far the biggest quarter of the year, so that probably helped to offset a little bit on that. But the other thing is, is that I get a lot of questions about our customers replenishing inventory and things like that. For now for a number of years, our customers have maintained their inventories at very low numbers, so I don't see any replenishing of inventories either, which is good news because that means this demand trend can continue on. And there is probably just a seasonal disconnect would be my guess on the non-durable side.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I would just add Gail that we've been talking for quite sometime that collection rates during start are very high numbers and then of course we had a little decline in collection rates. Some of that’s related to the e-commerce issue we just talked about where boxes are going to consumers’ homes and if their municipality doesn’t collect, they choose not to recycle. Some of those boxes end up in landfill as opposed to go to recyclers. Also the price has ticked down to a point where some of the municipalities chose to get out of the collection systems. So you’re finding that there is just - there is a bottom to this thing which makes good sense and of course coupled with China who is out of the OCC market for quite sometime with very large inventories, lender inventories run down to almost nothing. And so they are very active back in the market and can't - quite frankly can't even get everything they need. So going forward, we look at OCC as being a headwind and I think the price will continue to move up.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes, I would say that we've talked before that as the independent market continues to shrink quite dramatically that the opportunities of course in sheer numbers are less but there are still good quality opportunities out there and those that are interested and those that we have relationships with et cetera, we are going to take a good hard look at. So we'll still be active in that M&A arena, and we’ll acquire those that make good sense and fits the criteria that we've laid out before.
Tom Hassfurther: Mark, as we mentioned and as the best we can educate that the vast majority of the increase goes in the first quarter of that. That said, we do have some contracts that rollover on a quarterly basis or a midyear basis, so there is a little lead over [ph].
Bob Mundy: Thanks Mark. Compared to last year's fourth quarter, depreciation and amortization expense was $0.02 per share higher. Interest expense was $0.01 per share higher due to items related to recent TimBar acquisition. Our fourth quarter 2016 effective tax rate of just over 34% was above last year’s due to some one-time benefits received in ‘15 when we filed our 2014 returns. Related to our state tax selections made following the first full-year of owning Boise Inc. Cash provided by operations in the fourth quarter was $213 million after deducting $64 million and cash tax payments and $4 million in pension payments. Other uses of cash included $100 million to pay for the Columbus Container acquisition; capital expenditures of $86 million; common stock dividends totaled $59 million; and $7 million in term loan repayments. We ended the quarter with $239 million of cash on hand. For the full-year, cash from operations was a record $801 million and free cash flow was a record $527 million. Key uses of cash for the year included capital expenditures of $274 million; common stock dividends of $216 million; 2 million shares were repurchased totaling just over $100 million; $100 million for the Columbus Container acquisition and debt repayments for the year totaled $37 million. Regarding full-year estimates, certain key items for the upcoming year. We expect total capital expenditures to be between $310 million to $325 million. DD&A is expected to be about $370 million, of about $12 million over 2016 primarily due to the TimBar and Columbus Container acquisitions. Pension expense is expected to be $25 million and we expect to make cash pension payments of $43 million. The combined Federal and State effective tax rates for 2017 is expected to be similar to 2016 at just over 34%. Based on our current long-term debt, interest expense in 2017 would be approximately $100 million. The cash interest payments would be about $94 million, both around $7 million about 2016 due to the new term loan from the TimBar acquisition as well as slightly higher assumed LIBOR rates. Based on current planned annual maintenance outages at our mills in 2017, the total earnings impact of these outages, including lost production, direct cost and amortized repair costs is expected to be $0.51 per share versus the $0.42 per share for 2016. The current estimated impact by quarter in 2017 is $0.09 per share in the first quarter, $0.11 in the second, $0.12 in the third quarter and $0.19 per share in the fourth quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Phil, it's the our input costs certainly over last year's first quarter what we are expecting, we’ve been seeing at the latter part of ‘16 and we'll see it in as we go into ‘17 but $0.12 plus per share over last year's first quarter on recycled chemicals, energy, some of those things that we’re all thinking about, and on top of that we expect freight costs to be up a bit and then we always have labeled benefits that go up every year, and so that will certainly be slightly higher than it was last year first quarter as well.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Debbie, the fiber is - again that’s company, for the total company it was $0.06 but when you look underneath that certainly recycled fiber for the Packaging segment primarily due to inflation was $0.06 per share higher over last year’s fourth quarter. It was just happened to be offset by we had good usage on the paper side and good usage in our virgin wood fiber as well on the Packaging side. We are also doing some things with fiber on the paper side relative to less recycled pulp at our target Jackson mill which is saving us a lot of cost. So net-net we are $0.06 favorable but when you look underneath you can see that it really was impacted the Packaging segment.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Anthony, and then the first part of your question for what we have planned for 2017, as far as the non-discretionary maintenance type items in our capital, it's about 50-50. It’s about 50% is what we would call non-discretionary type spending.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. I want to take a step back and maybe go a little bit different direction on the paper segment, the performance at least versus our model, was excellent. You mentioned Mark operationally you did very well. Can you comment a little bit more on what some of the drivers were in that segment because the performance was - certainly you had an easy comp versus last year, but nonetheless was quite good.
George Staphos: And with costs being taken out but not necessarily headcount reduction and all that, it was just running better in operational excellence and all things that you normally do.
George Staphos: Understood. I appreciate the color there. Last thing and I'll turn it over. Is there any way you could perhaps give us your views on what you think the administration's potential policies might mean for the business broadly whether you think it'd be more net positive or net challenge? Tom, you mentioned perhaps that we could see some pick up the domestically, I don't know, if there is anything specifically that you were pointing to or more aspirational in terms of if we see GDP growth picking up, but if you could give us a bit of color there, that would be appreciated. Thanks and good luck in the quarter guys.
