Richard West: Looking at cash, PCA generated cash from operations of $101 million. Capital expenditures were $80 million during the quarter, which included $35 million for normal capital expenditures, $38 million for the Counce and Valdosta energy optimization projects and $7 million for strategic projects at our box plants. During the quarter, we repurchased 935,000 shares of our common stock for about $28 per share or $26 million, and paid our regular common stock dividend that amounted to approximately $20 million. We ended the quarter with $119 million cash on hand. Our total long-term debt at quarter-end, excluding capital leases, was $658 million. We utilized bio-fuel tax credits totaling $27 million to offset federal cash tax payments. At quarter-end, we have estimated tax credits remaining from between $77 million to $179 million, with the final amount to be determined based upon the current IRS review of our amended 2009 tax return which was filed in December 2010.  During the quarter, we filed an insurance claim for the total damages related to the April fire and electrical outage at our Valdosta mill. The claim included amounts for production and sales volume losses of about 11,000 tons, repairing demolition expenses to affected buildings and equipment, and the capital expenditures to replace the turbine building roof and affected electrical cabling. We settled the claim during the quarter and recorded the income, the insurance proceeds, subject to our $3 million deductible for the tons lost and repair and the demolition expenses, as well as capital expenditures during the quarter. We expect to receive additional insurance proceeds for capital expenditures as work is completed.  Also, I should point out that our earnings of $0.39 per share included income from insurance proceeds for the capital expenditures which was offset by the charge for the insurance deductible. So from a recurring earnings standpoint, no add-back is required for the deductible.  With that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Richard West: That's more than just volume too, Chip, because obviously, without a recovery boiler, your cost is going to go up a little bit, too.
Richard West: Let me answer that last part first. If you look at the first 8 days of cutup, we're having a good start. We're on a similar trend that we were in June, we're up about 5% which we're pretty pleased with. So all in all, the good trend is continuing right through into July for the first 8 days.
Richard West: I think at this point, Mark, we've said the benefits for the project are going to be close to even when we've tried to get it back to an EPS range. With the depreciation, deduction maybe about $0.40, maybe a little bit lower, maybe a little bit higher. And we've said we're going to get about $0.10 this year. So I think at this point, we would prefer to wait to see what happens with different cost inputs and other things before we give guidance or discuss how earnings will flow into 2012. That will be something that we'll do later as we get into the fourth quarter and first quarter guidance.
Richard West: No. Andy, what we said was the EBITDA benefits were about $0.90. But as we said earlier, when you go through everything and convert that back to an EPS number after depreciation, you're looking at about $0.40 per share on a $0.90 base. And then I said this year, we expect to get about $0.10 of those EPS benefits from the project in 2011. Now where that ultimately will turn out as the total benefit, for the entire project once it's totally completed, is something we'll look at and give you an update later in the year as we get further along with project completion. And most likely, the other things will change which will impact benefit.
Richard West: Well basically, if you take the project and we're looking at about the $300 million, it's about 20 years, I think that equates to $15 million to $20 million of the D&A.
Richard West: We have not filed for the grant. It is separate and distinct from that. It's a 30% Department of Treasury grant that would be applicable to a portion of the capital related to the project. You cannot file for the grant until the project is completed which would be in the fourth quarter. However, there's a lot of preliminary work that you have to do to substantiate the project cost to which we are actively involved, not only internally, but with others outside and doing the preparation work for the application. So the grant would be filed once the project is completed in probably 30 to 60 days to determine if we have been approved by the grant, which from everything we see, we should be.
Richard West: Of course it will depend upon demand, George, as to the number of times that we can produce but what we said was that we're going to lose about 50,000 tons more, maybe 40,000 the way we're looking at this point on a normal year. So it's maybe a little less than the $0.10 that you talked about that would be offset but it's close. But it will of course, depend upon the demand next year and what we need to run.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher sales volumes and increased mill production with less downtime than the second quarter. But Counce will be slowed back as a result of the recovery boiler rebuilt. Cost for recycled fiber, fuels and electricity are expected to be higher. Considering these items, we expect third quarter earnings to be about $0.43 per share.  With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions. But I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risks factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. With that, we would open up the floor to questions. Go ahead please.
Mark Kowlzan: Starting with the last part of your question, we're expecting, for the third quarter, the impact of the boiler rebuild at Counce, roughly 10,000 tons for the third quarter and 10,000 tons into the fourth quarter as far as boiler impact at Counce. Regarding how the megaproject, energy project, will flow into the earnings, we talked, over the last two quarters, that we were anticipating somewhere $0.10, $0.11 this year. So for the second quarter, we saw roughly $0.03 of benefits flow into the earnings, and again, that's what we're typically going to see through the rest of the year to third quarter, fourth quarter, to get us that $0.10, $0.11 benefit for 2011.
Mark Kowlzan: It appears right now that the first recovery boiler is going to be completed by the end of this month and we should, theoretically, be burning liquor in that boiler in the first week of August which would allow us then to run full out during the month of August. And then the second recovery boiler is scheduled to go down now towards the latter part of September, which again, allows us to have almost three full weeks of September of full running at Counce. And then we take it down the last week of September and it'll be down the entire month of October into November. So that's why we're still looking at the 10,000 tons of impact this third quarter and then 10,000 tons into the fourth quarter. But the project is on schedule, and the boiler work that's been completed on the first boiler is done very well. We're very pleased and anticipating a good start up.
Mark Kowlzan: On the first part of your question, Mark, if you look at 3Q 2010 to 3Q '11, on what we're expecting, we've got approximately $0.19 of inflationary impact year-over-year. I'll give you an example. Year-over-year, just on recycled fiber, you're looking at about $0.05 impact, transportation, $0.04; chemical cost, $0.03; electricity, $0.02. So all of these type of cost inputs rolled in, make up that differential between the $0.60 earnings last year to where we're expecting to be this year. And of course, netting out the benefits from the improved volume that we expect to see. And then regarding the...
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. On the last question first, we expect for the full year to see $0.10 or $0.11 benefit from the projects for 2011. And so for the second quarter, we saw about $0.03 of that benefit roll in for the year. And then as far as the first part of your question, the $0.02 is a good number,$0.02 to $0.03, $0.02, you're right in the ballpark.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. As we've said the last couple of quarters, we'd fully expect capital to get back to the norms in terms of $110 million total company capital spending from mills and box plants and so that's what we're planning for next year as we speak to the facilities.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I think, reiterating what we've talked about in terms of capital again. If you look at that, we're planning on $110 million of capital which of the $110 million, $70 million would roll into maintenance type capital, $40 million would go into the various high return opportunity type spending. And then you have to look at the dividends and stock buyback which, again -- but as far as the capital $110 million, it's historically what we're planning on.
Mark Kowlzan: And as far as the first part of your question with the volume and how we're running Counce and bringing the tons on, again, I think, it is just as we've said that the forecasted guidance of the $0.43 is based on the higher volume we expect to see from the mills running now, but obviously, offset by some of the inflation. So the fact that we're getting ready to take the number 2 recovery down at the end of the month, it plays right in with the expected volume benefits.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, we've got to run to demand. And if you think about the capabilities, where we ran last year, if I recall, about 104% of capacity and second quarter we had an exceptional run also. And so depending on how the mills run, we've just come out of our annuals, the equipment's in tip-top shape. But again, if the demand is there, then we will have an opportunity to run to that demand.
Mark Kowlzan: Historically, we've been right on the low end and we use just as much as we need to. On the medium side of the business, obviously, we need to have some recycled fiber in the sheet. And again we're using the minimum amount. Counce again, we're flexing that amount to meet our requirements, but again, in that 22% type of total usage range for the company. So we're essentially right at the minimal end of demand.
Mark Kowlzan: I think just as we did last year, Mark, I think your number is correct. 650,000 tons with no downtime, no impact is a run rate. But when you take into account shutdowns and monthly outages, and then as the year goes on, when the equipment is getting worn out and you get further and further away from your annual shutdowns and the cycle is continuing, the efficiencies get less. And so I think the number we've been using, that 2.5 million tons, 2.45 million is still a good range. And, again, coming out of the annuals, we always run better.
Mark Kowlzan: In 2010, when the industry was still struggling with wood supply because of the fall of 2009 into the wet winter weather of 2010, inventories were low. When mill is running out of wood, prices were high. But then prices came down last year and they've been stable since then. So virgin fiber costs related to wood has remained very, very stable.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, Chip. We're pretty well wrapped up on the spending activity. Last year, we spent about $40 million in 2010. This year, we're going to spend another $40 million. And this is in the handful of the box plants, installing both on new technology to enhance their capabilities to service our customer base. And then we're pretty well wrapping up that business this year.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, on that spending, the $40 million and $40 million, we're anticipating about a 30% return, the way we look at our projects on a discounted cash flow basis.
Mark Kowlzan: We're not going to comment on where there are the best. We don't want to give any people any clues where to go fishing. But with the weaker dollar, that's always helped everywhere. And where they are is really a function of 2 things: what's the current price in that market? And they vary; and how much currency benefits you in that market? It benefits you in some markets than others. And so, that's a question that it's difficult to answer. But overall, we're at good levels in all markets compared to say, where we were 5 years ago.
Paul Stecko: Yes. Anthony, this is Paul. I'd add one thing to that. One of things that Mark did say that we came out of this quarter with our inventories exactly where we wanted them to be because of their great productivity in the second quarter. So the pressure is off a little bit. We just have to run in August, have another normal, good month. We don't really have to run above capacity, which is a relief, because that's a difficult thing to do. But what will happen as the recovery boiler reduces as we're working on a recovery, the capacity reduces at Counce, we'll start to eat a little bit into our inventory. And then the month of August is going to make that up and then sustain us through the second recovery boiler outage which starts in September and goes for about 40 or 50 days. So we think the good news for us is that we are back to being able to run the mills normally and not have to push to extreme levels of production, which I'm sure as you know, you can't sustain for any length of time.
Paul Stecko: It's same as last time, it varies by market. There is some export nets that are better and some that are worse, depending if you're in South America, China, Europe, et cetera. And of course, the dollar is certainly helping the thing. So that's about all we can say on that.
Paul Stecko: Yes. It's fair if nothing changes, Chip. By that, I mean -- I think we've talked on a previous call about we may have the potential to -- and we have -- we are in the process of filing for a grant from the Treasury Department that would substantially lower the cost of the project. And when you do that, you give up some ability in other areas in terms of savings. So we may have the opportunity to take the return a little more in savings or in capital reduction vis-à-vis a grant. So that will determine things. But in general, our savings is still estimated at about $90 million. And how that will flow into EPS will be determined, again, in part by how this grant turns out.
Paul Stecko: [indiscernible] Say the $90 million is still, it's in the right ballpark, might be a touch lower or a touch higher. Electricity cost had moved up and so the savings, we thought might be a little lower on that one element of the project but now they're starting to move up with a vengeance. So by the time the project moves, we may even be higher in that regard. It's going to depend in that one area on electricity prices.
Paul Stecko: Yes. And that's EBITDA, not EPS. I mean, we're talking about $90 million of EBITDA. And so that [indiscernible] goes against the book earnings but it helps your cash flow, as you know.
Paul Stecko: Yes. The one caution I'd throw out, we're happy with the numbers, don't get us wrong. But when you got a Fourth of July weekend starting off the month, that does disrupt things. Of course, we had the Fourth of July starting the month last year, too, every year. But we've only got 8 or 9 days worth of data but it's pretty positive. But I must caution you the Fourth of July events, 2 days off, some people only take one day off. So I wish I had 5 more days of data before we answer that question. But at least through 8 or 9 days, we're up almost 5%.
Paul Stecko: Yes, I mean, who knows? I mean, right now, with very tough inflation... We're offsetting it with increased volume, productivity, et cetera. And where inflations are going to go from here, who knows? The one thing that we would add is that the biggest single source of inflation, at least for most people, has been OCC. And where that's going will drive a lot of things. And we expect OCC -- we're hearing reports from the field now that it's going up again in August. Now that remains to be seen but we're hearing that. And because of the high mill operating rates and we're at a low generation time of the year. And a lot is going to depend on how strong this industry is and how strong China performs. But inflation is obviously, it's tough to predict. There is a plus side of inflation, however. It's said that economic activity is picking up everywhere and that's a good sign we think for volumes. So inflation's bad but it ain't all bad.
Paul Stecko: What we said for years is we could run basically between 20% and 33% OCC. And if OCC ever got cheap, which doesn't appear to be the case, we could flex up. But we can't flex down, we're as low as you can go primarily because when you make semi-chemical medium, you need some source along fiber in that and people use OCC to satisfy that need. At Valdosta, for example, we use no OCC at all. That's 100% pine sheet.
Paul Stecko: Yes, Mark. It's like if you've ever been to an auto race. When they change tires, the cars run faster for a little while. And then they slow down because of tire wear. Mills are the same way. When you come out of an annual shutdown, you can hum because everything's perfect. But as you get wear, you get more increased mechanical breakdowns, your productivity will decrease over time. And that's one of the reasons that we take our outages in the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter as the lowest demand season. We don't have as much capacity in the first quarter or December as we do the rest of the year. So this capacity is not a linear thing. It is a function of weather. You don't run as well in cold weather as you do as warm weather. And it's a function of the equipment. And so you can't take a number and multiply it by 4 because that's not the way it works in a paper mill.
Paul Stecko: No, I don't think so. I mean, I think that some of that news is always reporting the bad news, not the good news a lot of times. But I think that food prices could be affected by the corn and some other things. Obviously, our starch prices are affected by corn. But all in all, I think that from what we hear from our customers, they would like it to be more robust but it is what it is and they're continuing to do fairly well.
Paul Stecko: From our advantage point, Josh, we've been on a roller coaster. I mean, we have struggled to keep up for the last year. And so it has been extremely tight for us to the extent that, unfortunately, we had to pull some tons out of the export market just to keep our domestic customers supplied. And we, now again, have struggled back to get to an inventory level that we can manage at a reasonable cost as opposed to shipping things like truck and doing things just to keep up. So from our perspective, it's a very, very tight market.
Paul Stecko: Well, people kind of know that we have a set of customers and that we are full. And so, yes, we get calls but I wouldn't say the number of calls changed dramatically one way or the other.
Paul Stecko: Yes. We're not going to comment on that in terms of what we benefit from other activities going in the industry. If we did, we'd keep it quiet, anyway, and if we didn't we wouldn't say anything, anyway. So it's really not something we want to address.
Paul Stecko: Let me answer that question a little broader. There was speculation, and I use that word speculation, at least in one publication, that there was a large fall in box prices last quarter. And we will not comment on our own box prices because we usually don't. That's between us and our customer. But when all else fails, as they say, you look at the data. And the FBA does publish to its members the average box price for the entire industry month-by-month. And what I can say is that box prices rose April from March, they rose again May over April, and they rose again June over May. So 3 months in a row, they've continued to move up a little bit. And of course, there's some element of mix in that number because you really can't separate. So the data would indicate that box prices are pretty stable, and if anything, with increasing mix pricing gets approved over the last 3 or 4 months. And as you know, our margins, EBITDA margins have continually outpaced the rest of the industry and so that would indicate that, obviously, there are box prices that moved in the same direction.
Paul Stecko: Chip, the problem with giving a straight answer to that question, unlike the energy projects, when they're completed, you turn on a switch and you get the savings. It's instantaneous. With these projects, you'll get these returns over a longer period of time because they're driven by volume, not cost-reduction. So in some instances where we're totally out of capacity, then you'll get the savings earlier than in some markets where we've got to get that capacity now. And I think as Tom will bring you up-to-date, I'll let him do that, we're already getting benefits from the project. That's one of the reasons our volume is outpacing the industry. We have invested to expand our capacity and we're getting early benefits there.
