Mark W. Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at our Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items, in the second quarter was $39 million with sales of $267 million or 14.5% margin compared to the second quarter of 2015 EBITDA of $37 million and sales of $281 million or a 13.2% margin. Paper segment price and mix was lower than the second quarter of 2015 but $12 per ton higher than the first quarter of 2016. White paper sales volume was up slightly and pulp volume was lower compared to the second quarter of 2015 while volumes of both white paper and pulp was lower than the first quarter of 2016, primarily due to the scheduled annual outages at two of the mills. Both of the scheduled outages were completed successfully and the mills ran exceptionally well during the quarter with very good costs. White paper prices began to improve late in the second quarter as a result of the announced paper price increase. I'm now going to turn it over to Bob Mundy.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thanks, Bob. On July 6, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of TimBar Corporation, a large independent corrugated products producer, in a cash-free, debt-free transaction for a cash purchase price of $386 million. This acquisition is consistent with one of the key strategic focus areas we've discussed many times regarding increasing our vertical integration of containerboard to above 90% through organic box volume growth and strategic box plant acquisition. We expect this acquisition to increase our integration by over 200,000 tons or 6% from our current level of 87% and will allow for further optimization and enhancement of our mill capacity, and other substantial benefits and synergies that we expect to begin realizing soon after closing. It comes in an excellent time following our recently completed integration of Boise, including the capacity we now have at the DeRidder, Louisiana mill. We believe that this acquisition will allow us to further enhance our strong balance sheet, financial results and cash flow consistent with our strategy to return significant value to our shareholders. We're on track to close the acquisition, subject to certain customary conditions and regulatory approval later in the third quarter, and we expect to finance the transaction with a new term loan. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher containerboard, corrugated products and white paper shipments, and paper prices should move higher reflecting continued realization of the announced paper prices. Also, as Bob mentioned earlier, our annual outage costs will be lower than our original guidance as a result of moving our Jackson, Alabama paper mill outage into the first quarter of 2017. We do expect a less rich mix for corrugated products and higher prices for recycled fiber, electricity and natural gas. Considering these items, we expect third quarter earnings of $1.30 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions but I must remind you, some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, operator, I'd like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah, Mark. This is Mark again. I think what we're seeing as we went through the second quarter and what we're seeing these couple of weeks after the holiday is it's flat. Again, we're pleased to see the numbers where they are at this stage in July, but other than that no other color to add to that one.
Mark W. Kowlzan: You know, Mark, that number – now that we've got a lot of integration activity behind us, that number is going to float depending on the extent of an annual shutdown, work that has to be done on our mill. And so, in an example too, we have the capability as well as others in the industry to move shutdowns into the following year. So we're not tied to necessarily a 12-month window. And so, there is a range somewhere within that $0.40 range, unless we call out some unusual type of maintenance activity that would occur.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. First question regarding the currency and export, I mean, we view again our exports, we have legacy export customer base for 25 years. We ship products out to about 35 different countries around the world. And so, obviously exports remain little less than 10% of our total production. That being said, as Tom continues to grow his own integration level higher, we have an internal meet. That's our best use of a ton produced. And so, again, it's been easier for us to look at where to best place those tons to capture the best margin as we see in the currency swing over the last year. Regarding that second part of the question, the specialty business the release liner grade, the coated business, especially – primarily from the Wallula machine now. It's proved to be good business for us. We've done a tremendous amount of grade development and refinement over the last two years, and with the other improvements we've built into the mill. It's again label business primarily performing very well. And label, in general, still grows with the GDP. So, as long as GDP continues to move forward with label business, which is a bulk of that, release specialty coated business continues to move forward. So, it's a pretty good little business for us in the Paper segment.
Mark W. Kowlzan: As we said over the last couple of years, we are primarily a corrugated products business, and we are going to stay concentrated in that. We are not really compelled to grow that business as much as just nurture what we have and take advantage of the EBITDA contribution from the Paper business. Keep in mind that in today's world it's probably 15%, 16% or so of our total annualized EBITDA but it does generate a nice cash flow for us and doesn't require an awful lot of capital to maintain right now. So, I guess, a long way of saying, I would not have preference to explore expansion in that area.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I think, I'm going to say a few things and then I'll let Tom add some color, but again, I think it's that issue that there is a mechanism in place and how that mechanism functioned is – it's again that's – pulp and paper has utilized that base. And so, rather than getting into any forward discussion about pricing or speculation, I'd rather, again to your point, not even go there. Tom, I think, you feel the same way.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, Debbie, you know, if you think about our business and what has been announced by the publications, on the printing and converting grades, the announcement was made for a $60 increase in March, and the index has picked up $10 in April and $15 in May and $5 in June for a total of $30, as reported in the latest update. On office papers, that announcement was for April, to be commencing in May. And so, again the index has picked up $5 in May and $5 in June. So, that's what basically will be tied to contract paper sale. And also understanding that in our Paper business roughly 65% of our uncoated free sheet is tied to contracts. And so, the balance of it is not tied to contracts. So, we have a heavy portion of that that is tied to these indices.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, concentrating on the corrugated products side of the business, that's our highest margin, highest opportunity area to concentrate on in terms of capital utilization. And so, we would continue, as Tom is always doing, looking at opportunities in box plant acquisitions. And also he said something important earlier, how he grows his existing business organically with the existing customers. So, I think again, prioritizing the use of cash and capital, it's Tom's corrugated business and high margin activity within the corrugated business. And so, Tom, do you want to add anything to that? I mean, that's....
Mark W. Kowlzan: I'm not going to answer that specifically, but as we've always done, we always have the ability to creep and to stretch our capability, that the technology organization, and the group that runs the containerboard mills are always challenged to produce more when Tom needs it. And so, we have a portfolio of capital items and improvement plans in the files on how we will go forward over the next couple of years to support Tom's growth needs. And so, we're comfortable for the time being, the next couple of years. And don't forget, as we did back in 2012, we still have the lower margin export tons to move through Tom's higher margin book of business as he needs. So we've got a few years to do this.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We were at that low 90%, 92%, 93% level when we did Boise, and it was the same opportunity metrics we looked at as far as how are we going to support Tom's growth trajectory over a longer period of time and Boise presented a tremendous opportunity to do just what we've done over the last three years.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Obviously, I can't answer that. All I can say is that's Tom's challenge every day of the week and it's been his challenge for years, and that's what we're going to continue to do, and that's how we look at the world. And I would be terribly disappointed if we didn't continue to perform in that manner.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We've commented that we're in a range that we're very comfortable with supporting comps business. And if you go back to what we called out last fall that we – because of the DeRidder success, we did not have the need to have to grow inventory, and build inventory in the fourth quarter of last year. So, we're quite pleased with the fact that we went through all of our annual shutdowns in the first quarter and second quarter, and not only supported Tom's business but maintained a range of containerboard inventory that we feel is where we need to be, plus or minus for the corrugated. And so, it goes back to the fact that even though transportation availability and cost for transportation had abated and the availability improved in the last two years, nevertheless, our footprint with Boise and acquisition activity is a nationwide footprint. We called this out before. So, we're mindful of that and again this range we're in for the last year now is a good range that we identified. But also keep in mind that as we integrate TimBar, they do have the corrugating plants that we're going to have to support. So, it will be a reevaluation of what is the right inventory level to support a much bigger full-line corrugating system.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. I want to speculate on it. That's forward pricing speculation that's some place that we don't need to go there. I guess, we just have to wait and see what RISI, Paper Trader, what the indexes call out.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. There's a couple of ways to do that. I mean, you are looking at what's your ultimate margin per ton in terms of where you are placing those containerboard tons that we produce. And if the math tells you to go ahead and sell one less ton and move it through Tom's system, that's what you do. And so, there is another element to that and it also as we did in the 2012 period – 2013, we were buying some tons in the open market where it made sense. So, if it makes sense for us to buy tons in the open market and still sell some tons offshore, again, it's a tradeoff of margins and how it flows through the bottom line. So, we've got that trigger to pull.
Mark W. Kowlzan: The first part of the question – obviously with the activity on box plant acquisitions over the last couple of years, the opportunities have become less, but nevertheless, there are opportunities that will always be there. And Tom is aware of what's out there, and we're pretty particular as we have proven to be over the last number of years in what we're interested in, and what we're willing to pay for. And so, again, that's the best way to answer that. Folding carton, that's just speculation. I mean, I don't even want to get into that dialogue. We're going to – as I said earlier, we are primarily a corrugated products business and that's what we do well and that's what we will remain concentrated in.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah, regarding that last question, we called out that first quarter about a $0.01 of impact on containerboard price, and then 2Q, $0.02, and then we're anticipating the third quarter following on with $0.02.
Mark W. Kowlzan: George, this is Mark. Again, and you heard Tom say this and I believe I've called this out, the TimBar assets are very well capitalized, really nice facilities. So the only thing that – and again, this is just speculation, as Tom does every quarter and every year, he looks at the book of business within that region and how you satisfy the customer growth needs. And so, on a going-forward basis, there is no current big overhang of what we would have to do with capital to see that cash accretion to the bottom-line.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. I'm not going to quantify that. I'm just qualifying that it's a very accretive opportunity for us, and you'll see us very quickly put that benefit to the bottom line.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. Let me answer that first part, George. This is Mark. If you recall, last year, we actually produced 937,000 tons during the second quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And this year, we've called out the production of 926,000 tons. Now again, there are two things that are in play there. It's the timing of the actual outages that occur in containerboard mills that can move that quarter-to-quarter but year-over-year, last year in particular, we were in a heavy lifting mode to get DeRidder optimized and delivering for us. And so, we also had come out of the 2014 fourth quarter and we called out the need to pre-build inventory because of the rather heavy shutdown activity that was going to occur, primarily the DeRidder activity, and finetuning of DeRidder. So, DeRidder was an event that went through the first quarter and second quarter last year, which really forced us to run hard and make sure that we had the adequate inventory by the end of the second quarter to fulfill the typical seasonal higher third quarter. So, we built to that 937,000 ton production to make sure as we entered July and August we were in good shape. But the fact that as of last September we concluded the DeRidder number three upgrade activity and proved that that machine can perform as we need and as demand requires, we had truly – if you want to use the term running to demand, we were not compelled to have to run to any higher inventory level. So that's truly, and we called this out, that because of the annual shutdown activity we sold less on the outside, but also there was no need to build and run in any different way and also, how the shutdown fell (50:34). So, that's really a long way of explaining to you the 12,000 tons of difference between last year's 2Q to this year's 2Q.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Gail, I don't want to comment on what others are doing and how they've done it. You should be talking to them.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Wood cost over the last few quarters have been pretty less. We saw a little bit of heavy rains down in the Texas, Louisiana region this spring that caused some short-term spikes and disruption in fiber, but it's nothing significant for our DeRidder mill, again which is – we watched it. But, in general, to the rest of the system it's been very flat through the year and we expect to see that flat, unless again we get into an unusual fall winter rain event period later in the year but otherwise we are flat with fiber on virgin wood fiber.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Again, you've seen in, in particular the Southeastern region and Gulf Coastal region with more pellet activity. I think it's kind of come to an equilibrium from all indication. So, we watch it but I'm not concerned about it at this point.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. I would like to thank everybody for participating in the call today and look forward to talking with you on October for the third quarter results. Have a good day. Thank you.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I would just say, Chip, that I think one of things that – yes, you're right, and you're close to right in terms of the EBITDA contribution coming from both areas. But to assure that EBITDA, and this is why we're so disciplined in these acquisitions, you've got to have a great culture so it's got to fit very well. They've got great people and a great leadership team and, as Mark mentioned, a very, very good customer base. It's also geographically a good fit for us and solid assets as well. So, all-in-all, I mean, we've got great confidence that this is going to be a terrific acquisition for us.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I don't have really a lot to add to that. I think Mark is absolutely correct. I mean, you've just got to look at the supply and say supply is going to gravitate to where the demand is and most of the demand is tied up with integrated and we're much more performance oriented, of course here in the U.S. The kraft linerboard meets that criteria. So I think you're going to have a lot more here. I think you also have some situations where some people have decided to supply their own facilities out of this country with their own linerboard and they will determine what grades they want to supply. So I think that's what you are seeing. Really, export demand is relatively stable.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, Mark, the first10 days of July our billings are up about 1.5%. So we're off to a decent start. It's a little money to get started in July just because of the way that 4th fell. So it's – when it falls on a weekend like that it's tough to get a really good take on where things are headed. But I think we're off to a pretty good start.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I will just add, Mark, that as you will – as you could probably well imagine, TimBar has contracts that they've got out there that we will honor. So, some of those roll out by the end of the year but the great majority of it we'll be able to accomplish in the fourth quarter, I would expect.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah. Mark, this is Tom again. Yeah, we continue – as has been our tradition at PCA, we have consistently spent what we consider to be the correct amount of CapEx to reinvest in our businesses to stay up with the trends, to stay up with our ability to be a very low cost producer, and to meet the demands of the customers that we have. And, of course, one of our mantras for doing this is that we don't just build it and hope they will come. We do what our customers need and we're very responsive to that. So, I'm not going to go into great detail obviously on this call about all the things that we've done, but rest assured, we're doing all the things that we need to do.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah. Primarily, we're talking about three buckets that we've been watching and that's our recycled fiber, OCC, DLK prices moving up as they have this year. And then, the natural gas, year-over-year, pretty obvious that a year ago, we were down at the low point and it's moved up now. And so, when you look at that, transportation elements we're watching what's going on there, even though there hasn't been a big move, we are seeing some of the Class 1 railroads already raising rates. And then, there are other, the seasonal electric, summer-time electric rate spike in increased activity through the July-August period and September depending on weather conditions around the country. So again, for the first time in the last year and a half or so, we're seeing some of the inflationary activity that we're watching closely.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah. I do and I mean obviously, they're not a lot of other alternatives and pulp and paper has been over the long haul seems to get it right. Now, there are times – there are times when we would disagree but we'll have to see what happens going forward. I think the most important thing is that pulp and paper reports the news as opposed to trying to make the news. So, we'll just see what transpires going forward. But your observation is correct. It is a smaller segment on that open market.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Phil, I would just say that we will still be very disciplined in our hurdle rates that we have for our M&A activity, and also grow our CapEx. That's not going to change. And as we get to – our integration level gets up to a point where we're a little bit capacity constrained, obviously, we're not going to have quite the synergies for some of those acquisitions but that doesn't mean we won't do them if they're right for the business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah, Chris. You're right. It did get better as the quarter progressed. And regionally, most of our regional trends come from what's happening in ag business in various parts of the country or something like that. Beyond that it's relatively steady.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes. I would agree with you. Anthony. The prices have stabilized. We have currency issues that remain. Of course, the biggest being in the UK which is a very, very small piece of our business and there is pricing – increased activity going on there and we've announced it actually as well and that's mainly to cover this enormous currency change that took place with Brexit.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah, on the Other, George, yeah, I mean, moving sequentially from the second to the third, you are right, input cost last year moving second to third were actually a favorable trend environment. And this year, as Mark has pointed out, on the energy side and recycled and whatnot, you have the opposite thing going on. So that would be really what drives that difference.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I'll just answer that real quickly for you, Gail. One of the things that certainly has had a bit of an impact of the strong dollar is the exports from the industry in general, and you've read a lot about that. So, that had a little bit of an impact. And relative to off-shoring, I mean, I'm seeing more of a trend of off-shoring today as labor rates continue to go up elsewhere in the world and quality issues and supply chain issues and all these other sorts of things that exist. I think, we've got more companies today considering bringing business back to the United States than sending it overseas.
