Mark Kowlzan: Good morning, and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA, and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs the Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our third quarter results, and then I'll be turning the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide more details. And then I'll wrap things up, and we'd be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported third quarter net income of $139 million or $1.46 per share. Excluding special items, third quarter 2020 net income was $149 million or $1.57 per share compared to the third quarter 2019 net income of $182 million or $1.92 per share. Third quarter net sales were $1.69 billion in 2020 and $1.75 billion in 2019. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter, excluding special items, was $323 million in 2020 and $364 million in 2019. Third quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.11 per share related primarily to the impact of Hurricane Laura on our DeRidder Mill during the months of August and September. Bob will discuss that in more detail in a few minutes. Details of all the special items for the third quarter of 2020 were included in the schedules that accompanied the earnings press release.  Excluding the special items, the $0.35 per share decrease in third quarter 2020 earnings compared to the third quarter of 2019 was driven primarily by lower prices and mix in our Packaging segment of $0.36 and Paper segment, $0.07, lower volumes in our paper segment of $0.33 and higher scheduled maintenance outage costs $0.04 and higher freight expense, $0.02. These items were partially offset by higher volumes in our Packaging segment of $0.22, lower operating costs of $0.20, which were primarily from lower indirect costs at the idle Jackson Mill as well as lower indirect and fixed costs in our box plants. We also had lower converting costs of $0.04 and lower other costs of $0.01. Looking at our Packaging business. EBITDA, excluding special items in the third quarter of 2020 of $324 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $324 million and sales of $1.5 billion and also a 22% margin. In the Packaging segment, demand was very strong throughout the quarter. And we set new all-time quarterly records for total box shipments and shipments per day. Our flexible containerboard mill system was able to overcome the Hurricane Laura related downtime at our DeRidder Mill and avoid any disruptions to customers. The mill was able to mitigate a portion of the downtime by postponing a previously scheduled outage during the quarter and other productivity gains. However, this unplanned downtime, combined with the extremely strong demand, resulted in an inventory drop of 55,000 tons during the quarter or 58,000 tons below last year's level. As a result, our weeks of supply at the end of the quarter was at an all-time low. We've decided to postpone the large planned discretionary fourth quarter outage at the DeRidder Mill that we had discussed on the last earnings call, in order to enable us to build inventory ahead of next year's annual outage schedule and the expected continued strong demand we're seeing. The mills did a great job of managing through the hurricane-induced production challenges to supply the record-breaking needs of our box plants and the efficiencies and cost improvement at the plants continued throughout the quarter. I'll now turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on containerboard sales and our corrugated business. 
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at our paper segment. EBITDA, excluding special items in the third quarter was $17 million with sales of $178 million or a 9% margin compared to the third quarter of 2019 EBITDA of $58 million and sales of $243 million or 24% margin. Average prices and mix were about 5% below the third quarter of 2019 and about 1% below the second quarter of 2020. Although our seasonally stronger third quarter cut size and printing and converting volumes were about 45% higher than the second quarter levels, they were well below last year's levels by almost 24%. We had our Jackson Mill down for the entire third quarter to help manage our supply to these lower demand levels. We restarted paper production at the mill in early October, partly as a result of our demand outlook relative to our inventory levels as well as the scheduled outage at our International Falls Mill earlier this month. We'll continue to assess our outlook for paper demand and we'll run on our system accordingly. I'll now turn it over to Bob. 
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, for anybody that knows us, you would have to believe we have done an awful lot of work with our annual maintenance work, with the annual upgrades that we do to bolster and beef up the capability of the infrastructure. That being said, we're -- we have a lot of knowledge in this arena. And as far as the cost, there should not be a great deal of cost in terms of the trialing. But again, I would expect us to be able to get on grade rather quickly and produce a very high-quality sheet, albeit at lower normal production rates than you would see at our conventional containerboard virgin mills. 
Mark Kowlzan: No, the number machine is the big machine from the 1990s. It's about 365 inches wide. It's a big, high speed, modern machine, lots of capability. Quite frankly, we've always spoken in terms of relative quality of machine. The machines at DeRidder were good machines, machine out of Wallula that we converted, the #3 was a better machine than what we converted at DeRidder. But quite frankly, this Jackson machine's a better machine than all of those put together. 
Mark Kowlzan: No. Keep in mind, I Falls and Jackson have supplied the marketplace. With cut size as an example, we -- it's the same product. We also have the ability, and we've had that for years at eye falls on the smaller machine to produce color grades. And so we were producing a few of the color grades during this period of time, but also just running out of inventory. A little more pointedly to answer your question, I Falls ultimately has the ability to supply our current customer portfolio if, in fact, that's all that was required in terms of future demand destruction. But that remains to be determined where we end up with that. But I Falls is a very versatile capable mill. 
Mark Kowlzan: No. We'll update you in January. We have some numbers in the back of our mind that we think we're capable of, but I don't want to put that out until we prove it ourselves. And then as time goes on, you would have to imagine a mill the size of Jackson with the appropriate level of capital has a tremendous opportunity to supply just about anything that the Packaging side of the business needs for the foreseeable future. If growth demands that. So we've got lots of optionality in that regard, and we'll play it out that way. 
Mark Kowlzan: Let me -- a little bit to help quantify that question. If you recall, when we started this process at Wallula almost 4 years ago, and we -- and then we took the machine brown without all of the benefits of the major capital. We called out we expected, they'll produce probably about 700 tons a day of a good craft linerboard on that machine at Wallula. And don't forget the Wallula machines is a narrower machine. It's almost 100 inches narrower. The machine at Jackson is wider. But quite frankly, we're hoping in the same relative terms to be able to produce that type of volume, 700 or 800 tons a day of production. But again, that remains to be seen. The challenge is on the folks at the mill and our technology organization over the upcoming weeks. But theoretically, that machine has that kind of capability currently. And then it's -- as far as its future capability, it's just capital dependent. 
Mark Kowlzan: Well, not in a big way. We know that we've got some opportunity with the OCC plant. We'll be starting that up after the first of the year. We'll be finalizing the actual project work as we wrap up this fourth quarter. And then getting ready to start it up. That will lend itself to a benefit in terms of fiber furnish makeup and drainage, pressing, drying capabilities, quality characteristics. And then also, we've had some ongoing project work on #2 machine at Wallula. That's a smaller machine. But as of next year, we'll be adding a new head box and new wetting capability, we'll see tremendous more reliability and quality benefits from this work. So incrementally, we'll see improvements. But as we've always said, Wallula Mill, on a run rate basis, was probably going to be around 600,000 tons a year. And we're there. As of this past summer, we've been running the mill depending on grade mix, right at that run rate tonnage on an annual basis of about 600,000 tons a year. And we're very pleased with that. 
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. If you assume that the pandemic-related impacts continue on through next year, we would anticipate about 50% production of white paper coming out of the mill, which would then allow us the flexibility to take care of some extra brown linerboard for the system. So -- but we would expect about 50% white paper coming out of that mill to support our anticipated customer demands. 
Mark Kowlzan: I'm not going to -- we'll talk more in January after we've had the 3 months under our belt and can really give you some hard numbers and a little bit better conviction on what we see. 
Mark Kowlzan: Well, quite honestly, whenever you see a hurricane like this, because of all the damaged trees, there's a glut of wood available. You just have to get the producers into the woods to get the wood out to the mill. So the landowners and the producers have to get the wood out in a timely manner before it starts rotting and decaying in the woods. So besides -- for a short period of time, the impact of localized flooding, longer term, I don't expect to see any big impact on the fiber supply, fiber cost to the mill. Next question. 
Mark Kowlzan: Let me answer the cash question. I think we went back to the first quarter, a similar question. And I think I answered and I said I wasn't concerned about the level of cash and we were basically in very uncertain times. But I think I said at the time that I would let you know when I thought we had too much cash. And I still have that same position that we are still living in very uncertain times. And I'll let you know when we have too much cash. 
Mark Kowlzan: Yes, everyone, thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you at the end of January. Stay safe, stay well. Have a nice holiday. Thank you. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. As Mark mentioned, our corrugated products plants established new all-time quarterly records for total box shipments, up 6.4% compared to last year's third quarter as well as shipments per day, up 4.7% compared to last year. Through the first 3 quarters of 2020, our box shipment volume is up 4.4% in total and 3.3% on a per-day basis. Outside sales volume of containerboard was 28,000 tons below last year's third quarter as we ran our containerboard system to overcome the hurricane-related downtime at DeRidder and supply the record needs of our box plants. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.34 per share below the third quarter of 2019 and up $0.05 per share compared to the second quarter of 2020, primarily due to a favorable product and customer mix. Export containerboard prices were down $0.02 per share compared to the third quarter of 2019 and flat compared to the second quarter of 2020. Finally, we recently notified our containerboard customers of a $50 per ton price increase effective November 1. And in addition, we have also notified our box customers of a price increase. While we don't comment on forward pricing specifics, we would expect to realize some of the benefits of the increase during the fourth quarter, but the vast majority of the benefit would be expected in the first quarter of 2020. I'll now turn it back to Mark. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, first of all, Mark, let me just tell you, our volume through 16 days this month is trending up 15%. Did you hear that number? 15%... 
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes. Yes. And let me tell you something. When you dig in and you review the segments that are up, I mean, it's virtually every segment across the board is up significantly. Now you had -- as we talked about in the previous call, the foodservice side of the business was down dramatically. It was down almost 80% in some cases. And that's recovered quite a bit, but still not nearly where it was in the past. So we still have an opportunity there in that segment. Now if you look anecdotally and say, why is this demand like it is, I think one of the key elements to this is, is that you've got consumers that are not spending their discretionary monies on travel, entertainment, things like this, movies and all these other sorts of things, they traditionally would have and I think they're spending on a lot of products that actually come in boxes. And it's -- whether it's home improvement or whatever the case might be, then, of course, you've got that e-commerce segment, which is obviously up significantly as well. So that's the best description I can give you at this point in time. I really have no other explanation for it other than -- and I think you've also got a situation -- I'll just add that our customers tell us their inventory levels are desperately low as well. We're telling you the same thing about our containerboard. And they're looking to try to replenish that, and at the same time, trying to satisfy very, very strong demand. Hope that helps, Mark. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Well, yes, I mean, we're not -- we'll satisfy our customers based on what they need. I mean we've got a very, very flexible system that we've set up. And we don't really talk about ultra-long lead times or anything like that. But I can tell you that when you look out and you say, how far out is the demand and that sort of stuff, I mean, our trend going into November is much like what I'm talking about in terms of demand that we have in October. So -- and this of course ties in directly to the discussion we just had regarding the Jackson Mill. We can't buy any containerboard out in the open market, that's impossible to do. And this high demand level, this is the perfect time to trial Jackson and put some brown into our system. And I would also say, again, as Mark alluded to, we've planned this for a long time. We knew this day would come. And our track record demonstrates that PCA takes care of itself. And we we're committed to being fully integrated. And this is just yet another example, and we're not going to do it until the market demands it. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Mark, I don't see that shift happening. As I mentioned before, I mean, virtually in every segment of our business, I mean, we're up significantly. So I think our customer base has remained very much the same. Obviously, we continue to grow our business and first of all, grow with our existing customers. But no, I think part of our service flexibility is a driver of our growth as well. So I don't see it changing significantly. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Brian, this is Tom. Fortunately, we have consistently invested in our box plants over the years. Given how our customers drive our business. And so we're -- I mean we're stretched. There's no question. I mean we're incredibly busy. I mean, you don't just all of a sudden take these kind of surge demands and be able to roll it out. Again, I'll go back and I do want to mention that our employees have done an unbelievable job during this COVID pandemic as Mark mentioned earlier. And to be able to satisfy these kind of demand levels with this going on at the same time is just absolutely remarkable. We'll continue to invest. We're positioned to do so. We've got projects rolling on all the time. And of course, it's how we run our business. We run our business based on what our customers want, and that factors all the way back to the mill level. So you see that's why, again, as we mentioned, that it's so important that we get some output out of Jackson just to replenish some inventory and to keep our customers supplied with boxes. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. Adam, let's go back 3 months ago, first. And the -- we had little visibility because nobody knew where the pandemic was really headed. Other than the fact that the economy was going to continue to open up. And depending on what happened in these various states and how fast they open and those sorts of things, that helped drive some of this demand level. I think, in addition, because it hits so quickly and so fast and because of the way our customers were running their business, inventory levels, as I said, both for us and our business and our customers got dramatically low. And so as this demand is going up, there's actually 2 forms of demand that are taking place. One is, is to satisfy the end consumer, but also to build inventory of some sort. And so it's almost a little like pushing water uphill to some extent. So I think that what we'll see is we'll see -- we'll go through this. And as those inventory levels do become a little more manageable, this surge is going to slow down to some extent, at least that's what we think. And -- but it's still going to be, but it's still going to be positive. And this is -- right now, it's very positive for the box business, and I expect it to remain so. In talking to customers and kind of getting their forecast and what they think is coming forward, which is what really drives our business, I would say that the -- it's a very positive attitude right now, positive outlook. And they want suppliers who can really adapt to their demands as well. So I think it's very positive going forward. 
Thomas Hassfurther: I'll just respond real quick, Neel. E-commerce and the holiday and et cetera, is up dramatically. And the forecast is it's going to be incredibly busy all the way through. The limitation, I think, on the holiday season for e-commerce is going to be getting the product to the consumer. You've heard FedEx, you've heard UPS both say that they're basically maxed out for the season. And that's why they're encouraging people to get their holiday deliveries earlier than normal. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Yes, that's primarily around our graphics business, our point of purchase displays and other graphics business. That tails off quite dramatically in the fourth quarter. That's all done primarily throughout the year for the various holidays. And of course, Christmas is a big holiday, and that's already been delivered. So that just tends to drop off and then that begins to come back in and it's strongest in the second and third quarters. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. Anthony, fortunately, because of the work we've done at Jackson leading up to this, I've got a high degree of confidence that this is going to turn out to be very good for us, and we'll continue to be able to supply us in our box system. And the reason -- one of -- and as I mentioned earlier, I said one of the reasons we have to do this, this is really our only option. There's not board to be bought on the outside market right now. I mean everybody is incredibly busy and it is unbelievably tight. So we're going to have to do what we plan to do in Jackson in order to keep our box plant supplied. That's just -- and that's simply driven by the demand we have right now. 
Thomas Hassfurther: No, I don't -- we're not seeing anything like the stockpiling that we saw at the beginning of COVID, no. 
Thomas Hassfurther: Okay. I'll take the -- George, this is Tom. I'll first talk to you about this -- what this normalized demand is. One of the reasons we're not giving any forecast because we don't know what that normalized demand is, quite frankly, okay?  I think if you if you look back and you say, well, what has the average been so far this year prior to October? I would have said at a given point in time, might have said, well, maybe that's probably more indicative of what the average is going to be. But now we've had this huge spike again. So it's very unpredictable at the moment. And I think our customers are very much in the same boat. They're in a very reactionary mode right now. I think there are a lot of different moving parts here. Not only consumer demand and COVID, but we've also got a Presidential Election, And we may have administration changes, whatever the case might be. There's just a lot of big ifs out there. And we're just going to have to wait and see what that is. The only thing I can tell you is that we're on a positive -- we're on a very positive trajectory, and I think that will continue. 
Thomas Hassfurther: And Mark, I would say that I'm still not interested in stepping on landmines. So I'm really not going to even discuss anything regarding pulp and paper. And of course, any agreements we have with our customers are between us and our customers. And we don't publicly disclose those. So although I'd like to give you a little more clear answer to your question, I really can't at this time. 
Robert Mundy: Thanks, Mark. We had very good cash generation in the third quarter with cash provided by operations of $298 million and free cash flow of $196 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $102 million, common stock dividends totaled $75 million, pension payments of $71 million, $21 million for federal and state income tax payments and net interest payments of $7 million. We ended the quarter with $949 million of cash on hand or just under $1.1 billion, including marketable securities. Our liquidity at September 30 was just over $1.4 billion. Regarding Hurricane Laura-related costs and expenses at our DeRidder Mill, based on the way our insurance coverages work for named storms such as this. There are separate deductibles for property damage and the time element or business interruption aspects of our coverage. The costs incurred over the months of August and September did not meet the deductibles for either of these, so there will not be an insurance claim filed for these damages and downtime, which together totaled just under $10 million. Finally, as Mark indicated, because of our extremely low containerboard inventory and expected continued strong demand, we postponed a scheduled third quarter machine outage at DeRidder, and we will postpone the mill's large planned discretionary fourth quarter outage that we mentioned on last quarter's call. As a result, our planned outage expense for the third quarter came in $0.04 per share lower than what we last discussed. And a revised estimate for the fourth quarter is now expected to be $0.23 per share or $0.11 per share higher a than the third quarter. This would put us at $0.66 per share in total for the full year 2020. We are currently assessing when to reschedule these outages as well as  the entire planned outage schedule for 2021, and we'll communicate that to you in January as we normally do. I'll now turn it back over to Mark. 
Robert Mundy: George, just looking at 3Q to 4Q and starting -- I'm not sure what you have in your model. But as we've said, the outages will be higher by $0.11 from third quarter. And we referred to freight costs. I think if you compare it to our -- the last 2 or 3 years relative to 3Q to 4Q, I would expect our freight cost to be higher than what it has been historically. Energy may be a little bit higher, where demand is in the Packaging segment, as we head into a holiday season, the overtime requirements because of the strong demand, labor benefits costs would be a little bit higher than normal. And as Mark referred to, it's running Jackson, running white and brown. And then as we do some of the work that we plan to do to improve the linerboard that we'll be running there, there will be some cost hiccups. So we certainly have something in there for that as we sort of do these -- do this work and make this linerboard in the fourth quarter that -- so you have some cost in some of the variable areas that you normally wouldn't see going from 3Q to 4Q. 
Robert Mundy: No. I think you're right, Gabe, I think you're in the right ballpark, and that certainly will help in -- with our cost absorption in the quarter as we increase production to get our inventories up. 
Robert Mundy: No. Yes, Mark. Obviously, the -- your fixed costs are fixed. Whether you're producing or not, you have a substantial amount of cost there and of course, a portion of your indirects as well. So I would say that's not a good clean look as you were referring to of a 1 mill paper system. 
Robert Mundy: No. I think that's -- I'm not going to quantify that for you, but that is -- it will improve somewhat in the fourth quarter because we did run Jackson or we are running Jackson rather as we speak. But you still will -- it's -- we're not going to quantify right now, I guess, what the what a 1 mill system would look like from a cost perspective. But maybe next year, sometime as things unfold relative to packaging demand and our paper demand as well. 
Robert Mundy: Well, Adam, I guess the -- if you look at what our internal numbers were for the last 3 quarters, counting the third versus where we ended up, we were off. I'm not going to say whether we were better or worse. But -- and if we had put those numbers out there, it would have been a lot of discussion around why we didn't come closer to our guidance. And just for the same reasons we've said every call and what Mark said in today's call, it's -- and Tom's comments around the demand and where that went to. It's just too -- things are too fluid. And when you look at the fourth quarter of this year, especially with how we're going to be running Jackson, there's a lot of assumptions in there about our containerboard production as well as our paper needs. And depending on how that swings, it can move your cost wildly. And it's just another reason that -- another added degree of uncertainty relative to providing fourth quarter guidance. 
Robert Mundy: That's something we'll say for another day, Adam. That's not -- that's -- what we've done historically is working well for us. These are unusual times, which is why we've taken a pause relative to what we've done historically. And when things get normalized, whatever that means, we'll evaluate that as far as how we do it going forward. 
Robert Mundy: And George, regarding your I'm sorry, regarding your inventory question, I went back as far as 2013, and these are from a supply -- available supply standpoint, we're lower than we were back then. And I didn't go back any further because, obviously, that's sort of when the transformation of the company occurred with the Boise acquisition. So yes, these are historically low levels of inventory. 
George Staphos: Yes, I guess. I mean, there's no way to quantify what the trialing and further understanding might cost you? Or given all the work you've done in the last 8 years, it wouldn't be worth calling out. 
George Staphos: Okay. The next question is around the movement of the maintenance, the discretionary outage that you're planning for the fourth quarter. How that would likely come into results in 2021, I assume it would be in 2Q? And I know you didn't really want to guide too much for the fourth quarter or you don't want to quantify, but can you give us some of the larger buckets we should consider? I mean, you're starting at $1.57 entering the quarter from 3Q, the deferred outage based on your numbers in the past should add $0.30. Then you have seasonal factors and some of the other factors. Is there any way to quantify what some of those larger buckets would be or as we sit here, kind of a range between 2Q and 3Q seems reasonable, but any thoughts on that would be helpful. And then my last one would be any quick thoughts on how volumes are starting in the quarter. 
George Staphos: I didn't take the analysis back more than a few years, but it certainly looks like your inventories are kind of the lowest they've been since 2017.  Could you confirm or correct that view? And is this an all-time record low inventory for you? Just some thoughts or guardrails that you could provide us on that would be appreciated. And then a question for Tom. It's come up in different ways on the call so far. A lot of the questions that investors seem to have on containerboard and corrugate is, hey, look, when this is all over, whatever that might mean, and we stop ordering for direct-to-consumer. Ultimately, the box volumes will normalize as we all go back out to movie theaters and restaurants and the like. What level of permanent -- I mean that's one view.  I mean, what permanent level of consumption do you think has now been built into the corrugated market? Because we've learned new behaviors, right? We're ordering more at home. That's convenient. That behavior might stay going forward. What have you seen so far from what your customers are saying on that or any work that you've done on the consumer side in terms of what the new embedded amount of volume in corrugated is because of what we've gone through. 
George Staphos: Tom, without putting a number on it, are your customers of the view that corrugated demand has been permanently benefited by what we've gone through or even that's too hard to discern at this time? And if that's the case, totally understand. Just want to try it one more time. 
