Rick West: In the first quarter PCA generated cash from operations of a 149 million, capital expenditures for the first quarter were 51 million. Common stock dividends of 39 million were paid in the first quarter or $0.40 per share. We did not repurchase any shares of PCA company stock during the first quarter. Cash tax payments of 2 million were made during the first quarter and we ended the quarter with a 186 million in cash. We paid off 66 million of long term debt during the quarter making our total debt reduction since the acquisition a 175 million. With the debt pay down our long term debt is now at 2.482 billion. We have finalized setting for total capital spend, we expect 2014 capital expenditures of about 400 million which includes the DeRidder conversion project, with expected spending of a 100 million in 2014. Finally I want to provide you with some information for our scheduled annual mill outages in 2014. As Mark said earlier in the call we had our Counce down in the first quarter for it's annual outage and we have three additional mills scheduled to be down in the second quarter. Our plans are to have one mill down in the third quarter and two mills down in the fourth quarter for their annual maintenance outages. We amortized the repair cost associated with each outage over the remainder of the year after the outage is completed. Well we don’t give an annual earnings forecast we do give full estimates for items that can be unusual or timing related and this is the case here. Based on our 2014 schedule the total earnings impact for each quarter for mill maintenance outages including the higher operating cost, production loss impact and amortization of repair cost was $0.07 per share in the first quarter and is estimated to be $0.10 per share in the second quarter and $0.10 per share in the third quarter and $0.24 per share in the fourth quarter. The significant increase in the fourth quarter is driven for the most part by the cumulative effect of amortizing remaining repair cost for all shutdowns that occurred during the year including the fourth quarter. I will now turn it back over to Mark.
Rick West: Well the answer is rebate is something we receive annually from one of our lenders that -- its not guarantee but it normally occurs and this was our first time we received and it's in the first quarter. So that’s probably about a 0.5% [ph] of the share. If you look at the medical and workers’ comp cost you know generally they run a certain level and in the first quarter they were probably about $0.02 per share lower than we expected and what would even be a norm and they answer me from our standpoint you know we don’t know if that was just the fact a catch-up in year-end certain things not being processed by the outside claims agency or could it have been some particular items that people postpone till the next quarter in order to even going to the hospital with an extreme weather. It's really something we can’t judge but I would say that we do expect it to go up in the second quarter to a more normal level especially for the medical. Workers’ comp it's a function of your safety and what happens with ongoing cases. But more so the medical we think will go up more in second quarter.
Rick West: I would say Chip that it would have been more from a third to a fourth maybe a $0.04 per share -- $0.03 or $0.04 and it really was a function on the outages. The difference between the outages now and the outages that we had in the past we would take primarily our two southern mills down in the first quarter and our two northern mills in the second quarter whereas now we’re taking more with the I-Falls mills and the other mills spread over the year just because of a being able to schedule and get the work done with our internal staff and also manage it. From a standpoint of overall it's probably about as you would expect outages in the past would have been a total impact maybe $0.25 a year per share, now with four more mills it's about double just about what you would expect.
Rick West: I think if you look at it and of course it can depend upon if we have additional strategy projects but I would say once the DeRidder is completed and some of the synergy capital that we have identified and once the Boiler MACT of course is completed you would be looking at a number of around 250 million and then of course if there is a strategic project that really add value, we would have entertained those projects and it would go up from there.
Rick West: Just to add to that on the cost side, Mark mentioned earlier that natural gas prices have not dropped dramatically even with warmer weather and part of the reason for that inventories are very low. So another affect that we might see is that we expect natural gas prices to eventually drop but it may take more time than we think because inventories are so low right now and that’s going to affect results at least in the second quarter a little bit.
Rick West: No there would be no meaningful impact to the bottom-line earnings for the change to eliminate (indiscernible).
Rick West: I think it's a pretty typical amount for maintenance, but it could change depending upon when you schedule your outages throughout the year. So I can’t say that it will be the same impact for quarter and I think that’s something that we will have to provide each year as we schedule our outages but in totality for the year it's a pretty representative number. 
Rick West: You know just think about what happened in the South-East, starting at the end of September last year the entire South-East range that are right through the winter into the spring. We haven't seen much relief there but through the mid-South and the towards Louisiana, Texas area that’s normalized. So it's gotten better, it's not compared to what was going this winter, it's not as bad. So, pricing has seen some relief.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you Rick. Before I move to the second quarter outlook I want to comment briefly on the DeRidder conversion project. On March 26, we announced plans to convert the number three news print machine at DeRidder to produce 355,000 tons annually of lightweight linerboard and corrugated medium and exit the news print business. The D3 machine will continue to produce news print appreciate customers through mid-September, 2014 at which time it will be shut down and converted to containerboard production with an anticipated startup by November 1, 2014. The total capital cost for converting D3 is about $115 million with $15 million having being spent in 2013 and a 100 million to be spent in 2014. Approximately a 100,000 tons of low cost conversion fiber will become available for containerboard production but do see in mind our higher cost recycled fiber required. The D3 conversion project is expected to be produce an after tax discounted cash flow return of 30% to 35%. Without D3 we estimate that our outside purchase of containerboard in 2015 would be about 250,000 tons. D3 also allows us to return some funds to our long term customers we export market where for the past several years we had to withdraw some funds so that we can meet our internal domestic demand. So you can see that our times with the D3 conversion is pretty good. Let’s wrap it up with our second quarter outlook, we expect higher sales volume in corrugated products and higher prices in white papers and lower fuel consumption with warmer weather. With three of our mills down for their annual outages in second quarter compared to only one in the first quarter we expect higher increase cost particularly in amortization of annual outage repair cost and lower production compared to the first quarter. As I said earlier on the call we also expect our medical and workers’ compensation claim to increase to a more normal level and electricity rates are expected to go up with normal seasonal rate increases. Finally we will recognize the remaining $0.03 per share impact and extreme weather in the first quarter and we expect the higher tax rate. Considering these items we currently expect second quarter earnings of about a $1.10 per share. With that we will be happy to entertain questions but I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that operator I would like to open the call to questions please.
Mark Kowlzan: The answer is there is some good 100% recycled product out there and there are some stuff that essentially will not run at least in our system and I don’t want to point out any of this stuff that doesn’t run on this call and I don’t want to downgrade any, people that are making it but there is a wide variety out there. Some of the stuff is pretty bad, obviously the stuff we’re buying is not but we really can’t comment further than that.
Mark Kowlzan: Probably today if you know what we take back in from our box plants and be okay we’re around 15% and after the conversion it's going to be about 19%, so just under 20% after the process is completed.
Mark Kowlzan: Again on a run-rate basis we’re about 15 million annualized which is $0.08 to $0.09 a share but we had anticipated that over the next couple of years we got a $175 million opportunity on synergies going forward.
Mark Kowlzan: We expect come online and it should have a positive contribution immediately You know we would ramp up the tons into the system. We do have a home for the production. We’re buying stuff in the open market and the other thing that’s occurring of course is that it's replacing news print which will go down so we pick up a 100,000 tons of fiber, a very low cost fiber that is really earned no return now because we’re basically roughly breakeven in news print but we will see this into containerboard we have good margins in containerboard so we are going to pick up hefty margin on that first 100,000 of virgin fiber and then a positive margin on a recycled fiber also.
Mark Kowlzan: Well the machine has been done for a few years now and so again that’s just the future opportunity down the road. Years from now that would be presenting itself, it's not even in the plans now. For long term it's in the building that you just got a paper machine but you are basically talking about putting in a completely new machine and then you’ve to put in a massive investment in the pulp mill to supply that machine fiber and that is one of those situations, when the world runs out of OCC in five years making it 10 years that could be a greenfield site for another machine but you’re talking 500 million, 600 million, 700 million investment to do something like that.
Mark Kowlzan: Just to build on what Tom said, we’re big players in the Florida AG business. We’re not that big of a player in the California AG business at least at this point.
Mark Kowlzan: Well the main color we will give you is red, we don’t give growth rates forecast that’s proprietary. We don’t want to share that with our competitors. That said, over the last four years we have been growing at 6% a year which makes each year even more difficult because the comp is very high and so you would expect that we will probably grow a little -- we would grow less than 6% because it's hard to sustain 6% a year forever and so and the 6% growth that we had included acquisitions of box plants as you recall and that will also affect the number.  So with acquisitions could it be 6%? Yes. Without them could it be 6%? Very doubtful.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes last few years we made a fair number of acquisitions so it was the 2%, that’s a pretty big number.
Mark Kowlzan: Last year I believe we were up 7.2% on a per work day basis last year. So we had a very tough comparable for this year and this year of course we were up 1.8% on a per work day basis. So, that’s against the industry that it was down about 1.6% if I recall. So that spread is about normal for us in terms of the industry and again it was a very, very tough comparable so to the first point [ph] depending on the quarter we’re going to have some of those very high comparables.
Mark Kowlzan: Let me amplify on that a little bit, we were up 5.5% in cut size and cut size is our main business, it's a biggest segment of our uncoated white. It's where we bring some unique capabilities to marketplace in terms of logistics and sales support and customer service. It's something that is about supplier such as export really can’t compete on total value in our opinion and so we are putting a lot of our eggs in the basket and to cut size is where we want to make our place in the market because what we can offer others can’t and others include exports and exports because of 40 week or 13 week supply chain to get the stuff here. It's stuff to compete on service. So our strategy is built primarily around cut size and being the best supplier in total value which includes prices, one element but a lot of other things. I think that’s a very important differences especially when you want to compare what we do versus exports.
Mark Kowlzan: It was considered both opportunities for fiber and taking advantage of what the big machine DeRidder can do but also the transportation component of that and where containerboard is going so we’re able to take advantage of again the fiber base and transportation logistics and the capability of the DeRidder machine to shift some of the light weight side of that and number one machine primarily at Counce and the machine at Valdosta.
Mark Kowlzan: Mark I would say that the mix shift I mean we had a little bit better mix, our price was affected by the mix which I don’t think is significantly going to change going forward but also we had a, we did have a very large account whose price increase went into effect the first of the year which had an impact on the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Well from a regional demand standpoint it's very hard to look back on this quarter and say there is any significant trends because you had three areas of the country which were dramatically impacted by weather that is the Mid-West, the North-East and the South-East, that’s what the primary impact was for PCA which by the way also were the largest footprint of box plants. So it's very difficult to draw any conclusions from the first quarter other than saying where are we now? Now as the weather settled down and that sort of thing and I think we’re back to much more normal demand trends really across the country with the exception of the one small pocket we talked about out there in California regarding AG.
Mark Kowlzan: Nothing identified at this point. So we’re actually well on our way to engaging work that’s had been identified two years ago, so again no new capital.
Mark Kowlzan: We’re anticipating 3, 6 months to bring the machine upto full productivity and on the question of qualifying, you know we will certainly even with our own plants make sure that we are using in terms to qualify producing what they expect out of us. So, 3 to 6 months is a good timeline.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you in July with the second quarter numbers. Have a good day.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes the trends in April are very solid, we have got a number of booking days now. We’re up very nicely. I think some of that is a result of the carryover from the first quarter where we had some weather related issues which probably cost us about a percent in our total shipments, so we have had some catch up there and everything looks pretty positive going into the second quarter. We also be up about the 3.6% we estimated this stage for a 10 days of data for April.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes there are some impact there is no question about it with the AG business out there. Not a large footprint for us fortunately but I think that those plants that are very, very focused on that Central Valley there are going to have some impact just based on the mere fact that they can’t get water in there and the crops are going to be significantly lower but it will be concentrated just for that area.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes as said in another way, we’re pulp limited at DeRidder and we’re not pulp limited in Valdosta and Counce. So you want to make as much light weight as DeRidder as you can because you will make more square feet with the same number of tons and so that’s what we’re doing and as you pointed as it helps our -- it maximizes our fiber balance and then from a productivity point of view the DeRidder is a much better light weight machine than Counce number one. We can’t make light weight on Counce number two and Valdosta. So this is a triple, this is the hat-trick of optimization we get three benefits.
Tom Hassfurther: Export markets in the fourth quarter drifted down a little bit, they have since stabled that primarily Western Europe and Latin America I’m talking about, China is an example, Japan, you know they have been very stable. So on an overall basis I would say that things are pretty stable.
Tom Hassfurther: I think you’ve got some is going to get made up but some is going to be lost. I mean you know when you just have people in their houses with these conditions and I have been able to get out shop and do some of the normal things that they do, you’re going to lose some of that but it's again it's I think we will return to trends that the economy trends that you know we forecast primarily for the year and by the end of the year we will be pretty close to those numbers.
Tom Hassfurther: I would just say that we hope to get back to a level of growth and GDP growth that is healthier than where we have been. We certainly can’t predict that that’s going to be the case. I don’t think any economist is out there predicting any dooms doom or going backwards necessarily. I think that there is a most predictions kind of show a ramp up through the year. We would like to think the same thing is going occur. I’m sure customers feel the same way. But I would like to also add regarding this whole regarding this whole growth strategy. Our growth strategy is not changed by a stretched imagination. We talked about strategic capital being directed towards areas where we have either capacity constraints or proven demand from a customer base. We will continue to acquire when the opportunities present themselves and as Paul went into great detail about the value proposition that we have and we provide our existing customers. So we will continue to grow on that platform.
Tom Hassfurther: Well you will always find some differential regionally depending on demand trends and that sort of stuff by region but for the most part I mean I just consider it to be for the end of quarter.
Judy Lassa: Well it has been definitely pretty lumpy in Q4 and Q1 and with price increase going on and weather related issues and such. We’re looking at market demand be more closer to the normal levels in the lower digit of reduction in uncoated freesheet. I think the underlying fundamentals for demand has not materially changed but expect to see more normal conditions in second quarter.
Judy Lassa: In the majority of the closure was around pressure sensitive but a heavier weight grades and we also are -- other business partners at this point and would have gone down a little bit on printing and converting grades.
Judy Lassa: You know imports out there, we’re not going to stop them from coming in. They are another option in our customers’ portfolio and so our focus is more about continue to offer a solid value proposition through this entire supply chain and we have a roadmap logistics and network and maybe we can exceed on service, that’s really our position.
Judy Lassa: So on the first increase we realized majority of the amounts increase on our non-indexed business. As you mentioned we do have business price with index and those that only moved about $30 through the end of quarter but we do expect to see those indices go higher and we just saw pulp paper just moved this week and then on the second increase we’re just about there talking to our customers now and so that’s one still in progress and so we’re not in a position to comment about that one yet.
Judy Lassa: I think I gave, I talked to you about kind of what we realized and can’t bring it down any further than that.
George Staphos: First question just more of a housekeeping question guys, with Boise now in the mix could you mention to us how much OCC or how much recycle is of your overall tonnage and we can do the math but I’m assuming with D3 will that go up a few percentage points if you can give us some specific numbers on that, that will be helpful.
George Staphos: Next question I had just staying on paper capacity and production, you know when D3 comes, you could be over 300,000 tons to you, it adds as you said much needed capacity. If you continue growing at the rate you would expect which I realize is a little bit of a subject to question. You obviously have your own internal forecast, when do you think that you might start running up against capacity limitations again? Would that be two years out? Three years out? Can you give us any kind of view on that and overall the related question, as you continue to grow looking at the historical data you can see it improve your profit per ton and your return on capital, do you expect that your returns and profits will at least be maintained as you grow into the future? Thanks guys.
George Staphos: I just want to come back to an earlier question Paul and I think you’re saying earlier that ultimately expect most of your growth as you’ve said in the past to be with your existing customers. So would it be fair to say then that if it's with your existing customers holding price constant obviously because we can’t talk about future pricing that you would expect your margin and your return to be basically be inline or better overtime with historical trends as you grow in the future, that’s question number one. Question number two, Hexacomb, you used to own when as part of Tenneco you had experience with it, what experience have you had in utilizing in your mix right now and with your customers, any observations with that so far and then lastly can you remind us what’s the Boiler MACT CapEx outlay over the next several years. Thanks and good luck in the quarter.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo: One last topic I wanted to mention, any additional requirements that you’ve or investments you will need to make to comply with Boiler MACT.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo: Just one quick follow-up, I appreciate that you don’t want to talk about what your plans or how you may grow above or beyond or different things within the industry but as you look at fundamentals and components today what do you anticipate out of the containerboard shipments for the balance of the year, not necessarily box shipments but containerboard shipments. Do you think that fundamentals and such today support getting back to a 0.4 or so give or take 0.1 or 0.2 of containerboard shipment growth or do you think that we’re kind of still stuck in this flattish environment for the next 6 months, 12 months, 18 months.
Chris Manuel - Wells Fargo: And then last question I had was when you look at how you did this quarter, you again outpaced the markets a bit. Was that pretty uniform across the whole network of box plants? Was that more weighted towards what you’ve done historically with some of the legacy Packaging Corp plants or how did the -- was there much differential with how that’s on the home [ph].
Paul Stecko: I don’t think there is any changes, I mean we basically have been up pacing the industry by us, a given amount for the last 10 years and I don’t think there is always pockets where there is competition, there has always business moves and gains but as we have said many times our biggest source of demand comes from existing customers, giving more of their business either is if they grow or again it's the things we provide in terms of service and technical features and quality instead of maybe splitting an account 50-50. Overtime we will get more and more that customers’ business because we do a very good job. So that still remains the biggest source of growth, growing with existing customers.
Paul Stecko: The only people we worry about impacting is our customers. We are here to serve our customers, we will grow whatever we have to grow to service them and they are really the only ones that matter in our way of thinking.
Paul Stecko: Our answer has -- its same as last quarter, our number one priority for cash is to pay down $1 billion of debt in the next three years, we think that is important value creator for our shareholders. If there is excess cash above that we would probably book a dividend increase before share buyback at this point.
Paul Stecko: On the Boiler MACT I believe we had said it was around 25 million. And with regard Hexacomb, we did own Hexacomb, PCA did through ’99 when we separated from Tenneco. We were sold to private equity firm Madison Dearborn. Hexacomb remained Tenneco’s further protective packaging business, it's subsequently got sold, it subsequently got resold to Boise and when we acquired Boise we got it back. It's got a very nice natural synergy with us and that we have 80 box plants so we were potential sales people for that product and so it gives us a lot more possibilities than Boise would have in growing the business and secondly it's a grade that uses very lightweight paper, 30 pounds or less and with the DeRidder 3 conversion we have got a really great place to make paper for Hexacomb it will run very well. So that’s another synergy. So Hexacomb is probably a better fit for us than anybody else in the country and so we’re glad to have it, the question is on, where we’re going with margins that’s been pricing and that’s between up in our customers and that’s not something that we wanted to get into on this call.
