Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the first quarter, PCA generated cash from operations before working capital changes of $98 million. Working capital increased by $63 million driven by about $45 million in beginning-of-the-year payments, including incentive bonuses and our semiannual interest payments on our notes, increased inventory levels and other normal seasonal changes in working capital. Capital expenditures were $35 million during the quarter. We paid our quarterly common stock dividend of approximately $20 million, and repurchased 781,000 shares of our common stock for about $29.75 per share or $23 million. As of March 31, 2012, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.4 million shares.  On March 16, 2012, we acquired Packaging Specialists, a corrugated products manufacturer located near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with sales of about $50 million in 2011. At quarter end, we had $84 million cash on hand, and our total long-term debt, excluding capital leases, is $805 million. During the first quarter, no federal cash tax payments were made and no alternative fuel mixture credits or cellulosic biofuel producer credits were used, as our first federal tax payment is not due until April 15. With the amendment of our 2009 tax return, we have estimated remaining fuel tax credits totaling $42 million to $144 million. This amendment should also allow us to reduce our 2012 federal cash taxes well below our original estimate of about 20%. The final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit currently underway. Finally, we are very pleased to report that our application for an energy investment grant from the U.S. Department of the Treasury for our Valdosta, Georgia energy project was approved. And on April 11, we received $57 million in proceeds. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Richard B. West: Yes, Chip. From the 2 credits, you referenced the 30%. Of course, the benefit from the cellulosic biofuel producer credit after tax is $0.62, and the alternative fuel mixture is $0.50 per share, so it's not a total difference of that amount. But basically, it was a very complex issue. There were a number of factors that we considered, both from a tax and a benefits utilization strategy. It's really not something we'd like to get into in the call, and we discuss, normally, our tax strategy. As I said earlier in the call, we do have the benefit of now being able to take the credits in a more rapid basis, and that our cash tax rate could go down significantly from 20%, much lower, as we go through the year. But we need to see what's happening with the IRS audit underway before I can give you a definitive on a number of things, including the range that we gave, as well as what the cash tax rate would be.
Richard B. West: Yes. You really had the right point with the amortization of the repair cost. That is the one thing that you will continue to have. And so when you look at the second quarter to the third quarter, you will continue to have the amortization of repair cost, and it will go up from the second quarter. So net-net between the second quarter and the third quarter, I can't give a number, but you will have a higher repair cost compared to the second.
Richard B. West: Yes. That's been our historic average if you go back a decade, about $50 million in box plant acquisitions. Now that can vary from 0 to 100, depending on the year. You could have a year when you really can't find anything that really fits your model but the next year, you'll find a lot. But I think it would average $50 million a year going forward, and that's not cast in concrete but that's kind of our calibration.
Richard B. West: That is fair. We would not have the norm in the second quarter. We have the lost production plus you have the increased cost while you were down, as well as starting up and shutting down the equipment. So in the third quarter, you would not have the first 2 items, but you would have a higher amortization of annual outage repair cost in the third quarter compared to the second quarter.
Richard B. West: Yes. If somebody tries to support [ph] it, we think $50 million is a number for acquisitions. I mean, we're very diligent in the way we pursue acquisitions, because in our business there are very high return but very high risk, depending on a lot of factors, so we take our time. But that just leaves dividends and share buyback. And share buyback is the most obvious vehicle because dividends involve a longer period of time. You have to be sure that you can sustain that dividend. So both are always in our mind. But obviously, we had a $150 million share buyback authorization. We're proceeding to spend that at an appropriate rate.
Richard B. West: Mark, in the lumber market, they cut big trees as opposed to smaller pulpwood trees, and they're going to make residuals as they cut those trees. And that waste wood has got to find a home, and if that -- and we're hoping that the wood products business does pick up because at one time, for example, at our Counce mill, we got 1/3 of our wood supply from sawmill residuals. We're down now to maybe 10%, 12%. And so when and if it picks up, we think it's a plus.
Richard B. West: No, that's not something we would get into, Mark -- I mean, George, trying to isolate profitability by an individual unit.
Richard B. West: And George, as I said earlier, we view this endeavor as a high-return, high-risk endeavor. High risk for the reasons you elaborated on, but high return for a lot of reasons, if you can make sure that you're not going to be encumbered by some of the potential downfall of making these acquisitions. And that's why we're very deliberate in the way we approach this. And so we've been extremely pleased with the returns we've gotten on these. That's not to say over the last 15 years we haven't been burned a few times for the reasons you elaborated on, but overall, we've been pretty successful in this regard. And Tom, I think you want to say something.
Richard B. West: It does vary by market, by geography. And we're really not going to get more specific than that. We give that information to our customers. And that's always been our plan, to share that with customers and go no further.
Richard B. West: We do not comment on CapEx but one year in advance. That's been our historical norm, 1 10, but we'll have to look at it each year. And that's all I could add on that, Phil.
Richard B. West: And John, we don't use much gas in our mills to speak of, but we do get a big savings in our box plants because most of our box plants' boilers are fired with natural gas, so the bulk of the savings will be in the box plants, not the mills.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead, our cost per annual maintenance outages will be greater in second quarter than in the first quarter, with less tons produced and higher amortization of repair cost. This will reduce earnings by about $0.03 per share compared to the first quarter. We also expect slightly higher cost for transportation and recycled fiber. Higher corrugated product shipments and a richer mix are expected as we move into a seasonally stronger period. Energy usage should be lower with normal weather and natural gas cost, particularly in our box plants, will be lower. Considering these items, we expect second quarter earnings of about $0.45 per share.  With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on this call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company, and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.  With that, operator, we'd be glad to take any questions.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Chip, again, when you look at our strategy over the last 2 years to enhance 5 of our box plants and help take care of their capability to service customers, that was the $80 million over 2010, 2011 at 5 of the plants. But also, Tom was very successful in executing 3 acquisitions last year, and then the one that we just announced. So when you think about the capabilities from a revenue side of the equation that the box plants now offer, it's quite a different footprint. So Tom, if you want to add and elaborate to that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Everything we've talked about as far as -- I think we summarized and said all in, net about $0.26 benefit. We said $0.21 from the direct energy pieces themselves, and then with the increased volume that we added back net of the capitalized interest that was netted against that, we still feel comfortable that, that 26% -- $0.26 per share number for the year is still good. Everything we saw in the first quarter coming out of the Valdosta and Counce indicated that the boilers and turbines are doing exactly what we expected and have enhanced not only the energy picture but our capabilities to just run the mills more effectively and efficiently. So we still feel good with the numbers we've talked about.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Currently, we're at that 81% level with the -- again, as the mills have continued to perform well, that's been the factor there. But the goal would still be to go out to the end of 2014, 2, 3 years and with acquisition activity that we have in growing the organic side of the business to continue to achieve that 90% target. So yes, that's still the plan.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, just to go back. Last year's 3 acquisitions, we spent $57 million. And so around $50 million a year would probably be a good number, on average.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And Mark, just to put it another way, the highest headwinds with regard to maintenance is in the second quarter this year. Those headwinds subside in the third and fourth quarter because we're not going to -- no downtime related. As you've said, the only point was it all doesn't go away because we amortize shutdowns over the rest of the year after they occur. So you can't take everything out but you take out the piece that you just said. So from an earnings point of view, and we don't give guidance more than one quarter in advance, the situation gets better third quarter over second.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. We only give guidance once and we try to be pretty disciplined about only going out one quarter at a time.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think, as we've said in the past week, we continue dynamically to look at where our cash needs to be deployed, whether it's a balance of dividends, share buyback and reinvestment in the assets and the acquisitions. So we'll continue that process to evaluate as we go quarter to quarter and look at our cash accumulation and cash position. So again, that just remains a dynamic discussion amongst ourselves.
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. As a matter of fact, the virgin fiber side, especially in the South, remains really flat. And so we haven't had any of the weather extremes in the South this past -- from the fourth quarter going into the first quarter. So virgin, I guess we've talked about that before, I'd say it's trending pretty flat.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Because of the residual chip volumes that would become available on the market, that would help. We've seen some of that activity actually in Michigan at our Filer City mill, with some sawmills producing more through the fall into the winter. And so there were more chips available on the market. So we've seen some of that activity starting to take place.
Mark W. Kowlzan: No. Right now, the diesel is always a factor in the transportation cost. But also with the 4 acquisitions we have behind us and also the new Reading plant, the question of inventories and how we manage inventories is again dynamically changed in how we service the bigger fleet of box plants. So I think, going forward, our inventory model will remain somewhat the same, but we do need to consider how we service the additional plants we have.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I think you can look at the volume. We said with the volume, we were up 8.3%, and without acquisitions, we would have been up 5.4%. So you're getting the throughput of the mills plus the box plant shipments of about 3%. So intuitively, those acquisitions are generating additional earnings for us. We just don't want to get into the specific numbers.
Mark W. Kowlzan: The work that's underway right now at Counce, again, we were taking advantage of the very fact that we had the annual shutdown and some of that work could've been done over the next few years. But again, we had the ability to execute that work now and get that behind us. So in that regard, it's an isolated opportunity to upgrade and update the water wall on the boiler, so...
Mark W. Kowlzan: On the first 8 days of cut-up [ph] for the month, we're seeing bookings up 10% and shipments up 6%, so all in all, the trend continues with what we saw in the first quarter, so we're still feeling pretty good about where our business is.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, in general, we told our customers in the export market that prices will be increasing in the second quarter. And that's really all we want to comment regarding pricing.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We continue to see a broad-based growth across our footprint in North America. So again, it's nothing in particular. All of our segments are continuing to move in the right direction.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. We don't get into forward quarters of production. So again, I think if you know what we've produced in the first quarter and what last year was, so again, I think that's all we want to say about the quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan: As usual, we had the shutdowns planned for the first and second quarters, so it was in our best interest to build inventory and plan to take care of and service our box plants as needed. So the 11,000 ton increase was actually necessary to take care of our business. So other than that, we also, as I'd mentioned earlier, with the new acquisitions and the new Reading plant, 5 additional plants to service, so nothing's changed there.
Mark W. Kowlzan: The only thing we'd offer on that is that every time anything happens in the industry, there are pluses and minus. And one plus of it is that if 2 people got together as a result of a merger, and they were the 2 suppliers to a company that wanted to have 2 different suppliers, then that company, the buyer, would have to seek another supplier because the 2 suppliers they had now became one supplier.
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, not really. If you really look at our spread of business, and I think that's what gives us some tremendous strength, you're talking about thousands and thousands of accounts spread over all sorts of different industries. And we try to obviously pick the winners in those industries if we possibly can, because they're going to have the best opportunity to grow. But with regard to acquisitions, it's more built around relationships, their ability to add value, how well they fit into our model. Are they willing to do the hard to do? Have they earned the right to have that long-term reputation with the customers? And of course, are those customers in industries that are going to survive? I mean, that's obviously one of the things we take a look at. But for the most part, if there's -- any of those acquisitions, their customer base is spread very much like ours is.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We've said for a long time we're in every major market, except the Pacific Northwest. And so we don't feel the need to be in every market, in that we're not in one because we're geographically disadvantaged and so far away. So we look for box plants that, as Tom just elaborated on the detail, meet our criteria and not generally focus on a specific geography where we need to be.
Mark W. Kowlzan: The seasonality does drive some of the higher-priced products, that's true, and demand starts to typically starts to ramp up a little bit. And that's why if you look at our comparables, last year, we were up. This year, we're saying we're going to be up again. That's pretty much the trend.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, because of the diesel factor, you have your trucking and your rail available and you optimize that mix. And so on any given week, any given month, it's an optimization question on how you take advantage of that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, this is just a 6-year routine overhaul, with the turbine going through all its maintenance requirements just to maintain it.
Mark W. Kowlzan: What we're seeing with natural gas, what we estimate is that natural gas remains flat at that low level we're currently experiencing.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, you're going from winter season into a spring, summer season period. So typically, your usage volume does fall going into the warmer climate, warmer season. One other thing, we did have some physical contracts purchased out in advance but those did expire in the first quarter, so we will get a little bit of benefit from the fact that we'll be buying at the market price now versus the physical contract price. But it's not a huge number.
Mark W. Kowlzan: With no more questions, thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at the next call. Have a good day.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. Another way to look at it -- Chip, this is Paul. We basically reduced the range from 60 to 160 to, say, 40 to 140, so the number may not even change when we get done with the whole thing. It's just the range that's changed. And that thing is still a moving target. And as Rick said, until we get the audit completed, we're not really going to offer any more information on that subject.
Paul T. Stecko: And Chip, this is Paul. Let me just add one thing to what Tom said. I think he put everything in pretty good perspective, but when it comes to organic growth, we have outgrown the industry for over the last decade continually. And we think the reason is that our basic sales proposition is we sell value, not price. And if you can provide a customer more value than anybody else, we think that's what makes you successful. And you can provide value in a lot of ways. Now we can spend 2 hours on talking about how you provide value. But that more than anything else, in my opinion, is what's driven our success with regard to organic growth.
Paul T. Stecko: Just to amplify on it, every 6 years, as Mark said, we have a major turbine overhaul and we decided since the turbine was going to be down 16 days, why spread the boiler work over a couple of years? Hide the boiler work behind that turbine downtime. And that, in the long term, eliminates mill downtime and you save a bunch of money, although -- as you do the repair all at once. And so we took advantage of that fact that this only comes up once every 6 years, and we took advantage of it.
Paul T. Stecko: We basically run to demand and that will determine our production level. The only thing that Mark did said earlier is that at the end of the second quarter, all of our maintenance outages will have been completed for the year. And -- but again, we don't -- we run to demand and we don't give projections more than one quarter out.
Paul T. Stecko: You misquoted, you misquoted us just a little bit. I think it's good that we correct that. 50% of our shipments are roughly truck/rail that's coming out of our mills. Out of our box plants, it's virtually 100% truck. So it's very skewed to trucking when you throw in the box plant. You can't ship boxes by rail. The rail system doesn't operate that way. So most of our shipments are trucked, and that's why diesel is such an important variable.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. George, let me take that. We have some tangible results but we're not going to share them with our competitors on this call. But there's a lot of tangible examples have been published in the Wall Street Journal over the last 2 months. So I think there's a lot of anecdotal evidence, very specific, that, that indeed has started to happen, and we certainly hope that it continues.
Paul T. Stecko: The short answer is, "I don't know." I've never manufactured washing machines. But there are better people that you can ask than us. We simply don't know.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: All right. Yes, Chip, let me just add a little clarity to this thing and go back in time a little bit and refresh your memories about what our strategy was and continues to be, starting with the fact we want to become 90% integrated. And we wanted to do that 3 different ways: one was organic growth; the other one was strategic capital investment, and that was specifically in plants where we were at or near capacity; and the third way was through acquisition. And of course, we talked about the acquisition. And we made 4 acquisitions in the past 15 months, and that's resulted in approximately 3% additional growth for us. We also completed much of the strategic capital investment, currently north of about $40 million, and that of course relates to capacity needs driven almost exclusively by customer demand. And then the remaining is the organic growth, which we've talked about for a long time. It's a long-term strategy, requires a very long sales cycle. It involves hundreds, maybe thousands of accounts that have allowed us opportunities to grow. They're either growing or we've got opportunities with them to add value or earn a larger share of the market. And so that's -- we continue to do that. And of course, I'd be remiss if I didn't give our people a lot of credit for executing a very aggressive plan, and they're doing an incredibly good job. So that's where we stand with that. Relative to "Is the market slowing down, and why is it not tracking GDP exactly?" well, if you follow any of the trends that have gone on, and certainly FBA statistics and that sort of thing, you know that we kind of separated from GDP as an industry quite a while ago, and track probably more closely nondurables today than we do anything else. But I think we're still fairly bullish on what's going on with the economy. There'll be some ups and downs, and I still say that customers watch their inventories very, very closely. So we're seeing a few more swings one way or the other that maybe we wouldn't see in a more traditional economy.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, I think all I can tell you is, Phil, we've -- we have advised our customers that prices will be going up in the second quarter. That's all I can tell you on the -- on that side of the business, and I think it's driven by a lot of different normal factors.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, George, this is Tom. I'd like to also add that in order to mitigate those risks, as I've mentioned, one of our key criterias in the acquisition process is a great management team and very talented people, and to make sure that they stay on board. That really helps mitigate that risk of losing customers or anything like that.
