Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the first quarter, PCA generated cash from operations, before working capital changes, of $128 million. Working capital increased by $32 million, driven by beginning of the year payments, including incentive bonuses, increased receivable levels and other seasonal changes resulting in net cash generated, after working capital changes, of $96 million. Historically, the first quarter is our lowest cost cash generation quarter with several beginning of the year payments. We expect our cash generation to be significantly higher for the remainder of the year with our fourth quarter being the highest cash-generating quarter. Capital expenditures were $27 million during the quarter. We take no quarterly common stock dividends in the first quarter as a result of paying our normal January dividend payment in December 2012. We repurchased 121,000 shares of PCA's stock in the first quarter for $5 million, or an average of $42.47 per share. As of March 31, 2013, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.4 million shares. At quarter end, we had $268 million cash on hand and our total long-term debt, excluding capital leases, is $790 million. During the first quarter, cash tax payments of $4 million were made and we used $7 million of fuel tax credits. On April 15, we also used $32 million in tax credits to fully offset our scheduled federal tax payment. We currently have estimated remaining fuel tax credits of $37 million, which will be used to offset future tax payments. However, the final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit, currently underway. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Richard B. West: Chip, in general, across-the-board, we're flat. Regionally, we see some movement up and down a little bit. Obviously, earlier this winter, we saw some activity in the Counce region with the wet weather. In general, nationwide, up north, as you just referred to, what we started seeing a year ago the increased activity in the sawmill business and that did bring more chips to the marketplace. And so the net effect, again, on our pricing was pretty flat. We've seen a little bit of movement in the Southeastern region as far as pine pricing, not as high as indicated in some of the periodicals and publications. But we're seeing some of the weather effect and also some of the dimensional lumber in the pine market increasing. But again in general, we're pretty flat across-the-board.
Richard B. West: George, you're correct in your numbers, but I would point out 3 things, just as far as the maintenance outages and components of costs. You have basically 3 costs: the cost of the production losses; the costs of the operations being down, start up, shut down, conflicts in the traditional fuel cost while you're down and operating, continuing to operate the middle parts of it; and then the third part is the amortization of repair job costs. And what happened this year in the first quarter, we had a very abnormally low repair job amortization cost as a result of the Counce outage being in the last week of March. Basically, the repair job amortization cost in the first quarter was only $0.002. Now when you go into the second quarter, that number goes up to about $0.04. So that's really the big difference. This year, it's just the additional production losses compared to last year plus the amortization of repair jobs. If you look it in total for the first quarter, annual outages impacted us about $0.02 a share. In the second quarter, we expected to impact this $0.10 per share, thus, being the $0.08 difference, made up of the 2 components I talked about -- or 3 components. For the most part, the additional production losses, plus the additional repair job amortization, plus, to a lesser extent, operating costs. Now when you go to the third quarter, we do not have any production losses nor we have the incremental operating costs. You only have the repair job amortization. And with the timing from the second to the third quarter, that's probably less than 0.5% increase. So you're going to -- the pickup from the second to the third quarter from the annual outage impact is you get a $0.06 per share improvement going from the second quarter to the third quarter. So that's basically the math why it changes and why this year is so much, I would say, higher going from the first to the second, is both the timing of the outages and the repair job amortization is the big item.
Richard B. West: In terms of the cost, George, if you look at the labor, what we said, 3 was from manual wage increases, 2 was from benefits and 1 was from variable based incentives. I would say on the first one, the $0.03 per share, you're probably going to get that every quarter going forward. The second one, on the incentives, that's going to drop off a little bit in the second quarter because as we said earlier, we pay a lot of our statutory based in...
Richard B. West: Benefits, excuse me. In benefits, they do drop off in the second quarter because of the FICA and other statutories that we'd reach certain levels for certain employees and we'd stop deducting. So that will possibly -- could go down. As far as the variable based incentives though, it depends on our final payout for the year. So I can't give you an answer on that. And the other items, we put into our forecast higher electricity for the second quarter, that's more driven by summer rate or rate increases. So that's hard to tell for the remainder of the year. And of course, recycled fiber and transportation, it depends on the price for recycled fiber and for the transportation diesel prices.
Richard B. West: It's a little premature right now, Mark, to give that number. They're still trying to determine the scope for the Filer City outage. It's basically about a 5- to 7-day outage and you can calculate the tons. And then there'll be the repair job cost that will have to be amortized in the fourth quarter because you have to amortize all the cost after you have the outage. But at this point, we'll be able to give you a better update when we have the second quarter earnings call in July.
Richard B. West: I think the 1% is a number we're comfortable with, and I think that's a realistic number. That's a good number. There's a lot of activity around that, but the 1% is a number that we believe is realistic.
Richard B. West: I will only comment as to what we said in our press release and we did say that we expected higher prices in the second quarter, but the majority of the earnings benefit, as we said, would be from price increases, will be in the third quarter when our April container board price increase pass through to corrugated products is completed. So we did do have some of the price increase in there in the second quarter, but as we said earlier, the majority will be in the third quarter.
Richard B. West: Yes, there is. We rarely do that because it's hard to completely know a separate price and mix because they may buy different items. We may sell a thousand items to somebody and they may buy more of the higher priced items as opposed to something high-end graphics versus a plain brown box. So we take a guess at it and -- but the safest thing for us to do when we report it is to combine the 2 because we know the combined number is totally accurate. And if we break it in 2, there's some uncertainty around both numbers, so we do have an internal estimate of the difference and it's probably close, but we don't break them apart.
Richard B. West: It was a minimal amount. This is Rick West. Going from into our first quarter, we don't break down every item, but it was not a great amount because we didn't think the weather would continue, but we were looking at the first quarter as basically a risk more so to our guidance with the wood cost continuing throughout the quarter. And we just want to make it clear when we gave the first quarter guidance, that that wasn't risk guidance. So not a substantial change from what was in the guidance, but more so a risk. When we started up the first part of January, we were suffering some very, very bad weather in that Counce area. It put some tremendous pressure on the wind basket in the Counce region and then by the latter part of January, the weather turned and improved and so, again, that risk factor was taken off the table.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead, we expect seasonally stronger volume and higher prices in the second quarter. However, the majority of the earnings benefit from price increases will not be realized until the third quarter, when April containerboard price increase pass-through to corrugated products is completed. Also, as I've said earlier, most of our annual mill maintenance this year will occur in the second quarter with outages at 3 of our 4 mills. We expect these outages to reduce our containerboard production by 30,000 tons in the second quarter compared to 7,000 tons of lost production from maintenance downtime in the first quarter. The 23,000 tons of additional lost production, along with higher repair and operating costs from these outages, is expected to reduce earnings by $0.08 per share compared to the first quarter. We also expect higher transportation, recycled fiber and purchased electricity costs. Considering these items, we currently expect second quarter earnings of about $0.62 a share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. The actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, and I guess the other point, Chip, on integration, that's one of our main goals. Get that integration level up because we make money, not only on the board we sell, we also make money in the box plants as opposed to just selling paper on the outside. And what makes getting the integration level up a little more difficult is we continue to improve the productivity in the mills. We were up 6,000 tons over our last year's first quarter. So you got to sell those 6,000 each and you haven't moved the integration level at all. So it's a steeper slope when you have to offset high productivity, and it's a high-class problem, I'll admit, but that makes getting the integration level up more difficult.
Mark W. Kowlzan: George, we never really specifically quantify the goal. Obviously, we talked about our increased -- the number going up for the first quarter, that was our desire. And this being a heavy shutdown period, actually, you can assume that the inventory would be a draw down for, with that being said, a lot of that depends on how well the mill is run through the shutdown period and after the shutdown period. And also on export demand and export sales, so with that, but we never disclose the absolute inventory targets.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, the thing that I'd add and just amplify on the point that Tom made, we spent $40 million a year 2 years ago, $40 million last year, to complete this internal growth project. And we did add a new plant in Reading, Pennsylvania, which is doing very, very well. That was in a market where we needed capacity. And the returns have been very good, obviously, that's reflected in our numbers. And one of the reasons for that and the real advantage of internal growth, is that you may put a new piece of equipment in or a bigger piece of equipment. But based -- all the overhead is already amortized across your existing customer base. So those incremental tons of box business you bring in there, carry not only the normal profit, there's no overhead to observe. So the incremental profit levels are very good on these internal growth projects and we continue to look for more opportunities to do that. But our policy has been doing in regions where you know you have business and you need it, don't be speculative and just do it, we don't do it that way.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And I guess, Mark, used a very important word, plan. We could have built more inventory in the first quarter but we will have had to cut off some export customers. And we are dependable supplier so we told our customers, yes, you're going to get what we promised you in the first quarter. You may only get this much in the second quarter. If we have more productivity, then we put in our plan, we may be able to get you some more tons in the second quarter, but you ought to plan on this number for the second quarter. And so we made a decision to make sure we met all of our commitments in the first quarter and gave customers some notice so they can do some planning in the export. Because that is our bellows, that's where we can swing on our export tonnage. And we're hoping that productivity is better than we forecast, although, we have aggressive forecast. And what our customers knew a quarter in advance, what they could expect in the second quarter.
Mark W. Kowlzan: It's a combination. Primarily, though, diesel rates move up and down. But sure, quarter-to-quarter, we can move tonnage from plant to plant as need be. And as an example right now, we've got some transportation packed up in the Michigan area, with the flooding going on. And specifically, we're moving some tonnage out of rail into truck right now, with some of the rail lines being underwater up in Michigan for the next few weeks. So there's various activities but diesel fuel is usually the big driver.
Mark W. Kowlzan: That's something we don't want to comment on from a forward point of view. Again, we stick to our plan and again, we've been very pleased with the outcome of our strategic efforts over the last 3 years in the boxed plants and the mills. So other than that, we really can't comment.
Mark W. Kowlzan: The first part, the number is still accurate. We're still looking at that type of spend on boxed plant side. And again, we reserve the ability for Tom. If he comes forth with some great opportunities on acquisitions, we can discuss that matter with the board in a real time manner. At the same time, from a specific customer base opportunity, organic growth opportunity, we have the ability to support capital and growth in that manner, so, but the $50 million is still on plan right now.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Two parts to that question. Obviously, we'd lend in the commentary the ability to rationalize our export business where we need to supply the domestic piece of the business. And then it's a matter of capital. We stated this before, on various calls, how much investment do you need to make and are you willing to make for a ton of production. And so that's always on the table. And that opportunity always exist.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, we said this on prior calls, both on the box plants and the mills, we always maintain a portfolio of opportunities. And we visit that during various times of the year, we look at the current opportunities and update that list and talk to the various group managements on where they see their needs and opportunities. So we always have a portfolio that can be acted upon very quickly and then brought to bear.
Mark W. Kowlzan: With there being no more questions, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call, and look forward to seeing you on the second quarter call, and thank you.
Paul T. Stecko: No, I think you said exactly right. We're building cash here. It's a little faster rate than what we think is optimum. Quite frankly, we felt that with the macroeconomics worldwide that the stock market might have corrected in the first quarter and that would be a good buying opportunity, their buy back shares, that didn't happen. I mean, we're not unhappy that didn't happen not because the stock performed well, but we can't wait for that forever. And so short-term, we're okay. Long-term, we know we have to do something. And it's the normal vehicles in terms of dividends, share buybacks, very high-return capital projects.
Paul T. Stecko: But up 1 on billings -- this is Paul Stecko. And you got to be careful of that number because last year, it's a very tough comparable. We were up 4% in April -- excuse me, we were up 8.4% in April, so it's a tough comparable. And as Tom Hassfurther was pointing out, we're up about 1% on a per workday month-to-date, but with 2 more days, up 1% translates into up 10% for the month in total volume. So it could be a very, very strong quarter. Bookings are indicating that we may do better than that because as Mark said, we're up 5% of bookings, but that seems like a pretty hard number to sustain the rest of the month. We'll have to see. And I don't think we'll sustain that rate for the month, or I mean, the numbers get real big.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, but not today. That's something that obviously has to be answered in the next couple of months, so we have a board meeting in early May. And at the appropriate time, we'll give everybody an update on that situation. But it's premature to answer that question now.
Paul T. Stecko: And the only think I'd add, George, this is Paul, on incentives. Our incentives are tied to the level of profitability and so there's a performance factor here. The more we make, the higher incentives go, the less they make, the lower they go. So obviously, they may go up, but consider that good news because that means we're doing very, very well. And that's the number you'd like to see go up, rather than down, because there's a huge leverage on that number and so we're hoping that number goes up because we're hoping to do even better.
Paul T. Stecko: Well, as I said, this is Paul Stecko, as I said earlier on the call, we can only wait so long. And we're getting close to have and make a call on it because we cannot let the cash continue to build. And quite frankly, if the stock keeps moving up and we keep generating cash, that not only puts pressure on us to increase our share buyback, but to raise the dividend also because we do have some desire to continue to have a good yield. And it's great because the share price goes up, but that puts pressure on your yield. So the only way to fix that problem is to increase the dividend. And that's the kind of thing we're chewing on right now.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. But I will add one further comment on the volume expectations for the fourth quarter. It was strong stronger than we thought. Just driven by the macro economics, what you read in the paper, what's going on, what's going on in Washington? Is there going to be a drag on the economy, et cetera, et cetera. And you do factor some conservatism into your estimates, and the economy is trudging along better than we -- the papers will lead you to believe and I think that also translated into some better volume for us.
Paul T. Stecko: Okay, and just to add to that, we stated very clearly 2 years ago, our #1 priority is to increase our integration level from the low 80s to the low 90s. And we're working on that and we're not there yet, so we are not going to lose sight of that goal. And so in terms of de-bottlenecking mills, if the return was really attractive, yes, we've got some opportunities but that's not going to get in the way of our integration level goal.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, Mark, let me take that. You bring up a very, very interesting point and that is what's going to happen. Let's look a decade in advance. And I kid Mark and Tom a little bit. You guys, this next decade is going to be a lot better than the one that I had in 2000 until 2010, because corrugated growth is obviously stagnated for that decade, but we're very optimistic about the next decade. If the U.S. is going to get out of its employment dilemma, it's unemployment dilemma, I should say, the huge deficits. We think the only way that can happen is better economic growth in the U.S. Some rebirth to manufacturing and there's anecdotal evidence that, that's going on all over. And if we're right, that bodes well for the next decade in corrugated, then that will modify some of the things that you need to do going forward. And we're also strong believers in the fact that if China continues to grow, the world is going to run out of recycled fiber and we like our position of being a virgin producer. That bodes well for us, both domestically and internationally. And so a lot has changed in those, it's not quite 15 years, but it's getting up there. And we think it's for the better for the industry. So that will make some changes. And that's one of the things that Mark and Tom recognized, spend a lot of time talking about. Not so much the short term, but where we're going to be at the end of the next decade. Not that we have specific plans we like where we are, but there's some issues that we have to plan for and deal with. But our feeling is the next decade, for not only us, the entire industry is going to be a lot better in the decade, from when we went private in '99 to 2009. That was a tough decade.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, Mark. This is Tom Hassfurther. Yes, export pricing continues to go up. It goes up differently than what it does domestically. As we've talked about before, there's smaller increments, but it does continue to go up.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes, I would agree that interestingly enough, and the good news is that the volume did come from numerous areas and it wasn't concentrated, just in a particular industry or particular business. And I think, really for PCA, I think most of it is a result of our strategic capital that we've invested, the outstanding acquisitions that we've made. And basically, it's our value proposition that we have out there. Most of the growth was organic and from existing customers. The other thing I might add is, is that we had a very unusual March this year in terms of 20 workdays versus the norm, which would be closer to 22 workdays. And so on a per workday basis, it looks like March was very high. But overall, it was level with the previous March. Now, those numbers will reverse in April, because April in the second quarter is typically a 20-day month, that will be a 22-day month this year. So our demand will be up maybe 1% or so in total, but on a per workday -- or I'm sorry, in total, but on a per workday basis, it will come up to about 10%. So it's just a little unusual what went on the first, third quarter versus what we'll have on the second quarter.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: To start out on these first 13 days and top bookings and billings. Bookings were up 4.7%. Billings always lag -- were at 1% increase in -- and we always see this as the month closes out, the bookings and billings close the gap and billings catch up to the bookings. And so again, we're right at that 4.7%, round up, 5% for the first 13 days on bookings orders.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, Chip, I would just say that if you do more of the hard to do, you're going to get paid more for that. And that's kind of what we've set out to do a long time ago, and we continue to take on those challenges and try to do it in the most cost-effective manner. So I think that's one of the keys that drives are up.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: This is Tom, I'll take the first question. As far as demand trends, we're trying to -- or seeing if customers were trying to perhaps beat the increase by ordering early, I would say, no. The demand was very steady throughout the quarter. And as I mentioned, on the per work day basis, March jumps significantly but it's because of a 20-day month. So with that, I'll turn it over to Mark or Rick, and let you handle that second.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I'd say, Mark, there's a couple of things: I mean, one, is obviously we have -- we do have some seasonal mix changes with regard to the display and graphic side of the business. Those hit at various times and March is typically one of those times when it begins to ramp up. I would say in addition, I think that with the targeted customers we've had, the things we do for those customers, the value we add and some of the things we do and in addition to, I will call the normal course of business for those customers, that has proved to be -- it does pay better. And that does help improve our mix. We just have to carry out through the year.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, the organic side of the business was -- the organic expansion and growth in our business was primarily driven by our strategic capital investments that we made, which were driven around a particular customer base. And as we pointed out before, these were primarily in facilities that we were out of capacity. We needed additional capacity to be able to grow with our customer base and we've done that and those have obviously paid nice dividends.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: No, we're not adding new facilities at this point in time. We will continue to do our strategic capital investments, but we'll continue to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves. But if we need to rebuild, go new, consolidate, whatever, we consider all the above.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Coal is -- I don't have that exact percentage, but it's very small amount right now. We burned a lot of natural gas over the last 1.5 year, so we can get back with you on the specifics.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Phil, it's Tom, I'll take that real quick. With regard to bids, the truth has always been the tranches. And you'll have some -- some will bid, many will not. The bids that are out there right now, most are in the, what I would call, the normal course of doing business. It's more timing than it is than anything else. Over all, I would say there's nothing really unusual with regard to what's going on in the bids. The speculating on the amount of the increase and that sort of stuff, when it comes to boxes, I mean, we don't do that kind of speculation so I can't really go there.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes. I would say, Mark, with regards to the mix I mean and in comparison to the rest of the industry, I can't really compare with the rest of the industry. I just know we do what we do and we do it well. And we pursue our targets, and that's what they do. It's proving to be good for PCA.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: We planned on that fact. And we also commented previously that we would move our export tonnage down to accommodate our domestic business. And so again, right now, we're not concerned. We plan on getting through this quarter and taking care of our customer base. And again, we will utilize the -- and rationalize the export side of the equation.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I think basically the part of the mix did improve. There's a part that's going to be pretty steady, they will continue throughout the year. And then there's a part that is seasonal. And as Paul alluded to earlier, it's very difficult to really break all those out and to be able to determine exactly what's what. But I think you've got a portion that will continue and you've got certainly a reasonable portion that is mix related.
