Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the third quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $102 million. Capital expenditures were $25 million. We paid our quarterly common stock dividend of approximately $24.5 million and repurchased 253,000 shares of our common stock for about $32.50 per share or $8 million. As of September 30, 2012, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.3 million shares. Cash tax payments of $2 million were made, and fuel credits of $22 million were used to offset federal taxes. We have estimated remaining fuel tax credits above $279 million. The final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate and taxes paid in 2012 is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit currently underway. On July 26, we completed the redemption of our 5.75% notes due in 2013 with a redemption premium payment of $21 million, which resulted in third quarter after-tax charges of $13 million or $0.14 per share. We ended the third quarter with $141 million in cash, up $23 million from our second quarter ending cash, if you exclude the cash proceeds we had on hand at the end of the second quarter from our debt offering. Our debt at the end of the third quarter was $797 million. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Richard B. West: Yes, Chip, the number you referenced, of course, that was more in line with what the original project was than we've had some things that happened, lower -- as Mark mentioned, lower fuel and electricity prices than what we've built into the project, which have been offset by some better productivity than we expected. But just to put everything in perspective, as you recall, at the beginning of the year, we said in 2012, we expected $0.21 per share in direct benefits from the project. That included savings, incremental profit less the added depreciation for this year. Also, we expected $0.10 per share in avoided downtime, and that was partially offset by $0.05 per share in higher interest expense from the non-capitalization of interest. And that gave us a total earnings improvement from the energy project in 2012 of $0.26 per share. Now if you look at our reported numbers, we have avoided the downtime, and we're getting the $0.10 per share and avoided the downtime, and it's just what we were looking at, at the beginning of the year. And as you saw from our results, our interest expense is up, attributable to the capitalized interest. So the capitalized interest of $0.05 is essentially the same. However, the direct benefits from the projects have increased from $0.21 per share to $0.32 per share, which increases the total earnings benefit in 2012 to $0.37 per share. Now the additional improvement in earnings of $0.11 per share is really coming from 3 areas. One, an additional $0.01 per share from energy cost savings. Energy prices have not gone up this year. Over time, that number will improve, as Mark said in his comments. This year, we're also getting an additional $0.05 per share from chemical cost savings. And finally, we're getting an additional $0.05 per share from more productivity and production increases than we expected at the beginning of the year. So now go back and look at the energy project from where we started in, really, 2009, when we came up with the estimates, and where we're looking at today and toward the future, overall, the 3 biggest benefits of the energy project are energy cost reduction, incremental production and chemical savings, in that order. Now I'll turn it over to Mark, and he may have some more comments on how we were able to achieve these higher-than-expected benefits this year.
Richard B. West: Yes, George. We continue to run full out. For the third quarter, we're running at a run rate over 100% capacity. And so, we continue -- first 15 days of the month, we continue on that trend. We did take advantage of supplying some of our legacy customers that requested some extra tons on the export side of the business during the third quarter, so we weren't able to build inventory. But right now, I think, again, the mills just have to continue running at the pace they're running and to supply Tom's needs, and our export and domestic customer needs.
Richard B. West: There might be a little bit. We've improved, as we've seen things we could do, as Mark said, with the cooking and chemical recovery process, we got a little bit more during the year. So average-on-average, from 2012 to 2013, productivity may come up a little bit, but that's built in to the 1% that Mark talked about of creep.
Richard B. West: This is Rick, Mark. From our working capital standpoint, our working capital has increased. As you pointed out, from the acquisitions. If I look at it, I think historically, working capital had been the lowest in the fourth quarter. And I think as we go into the fourth quarter, I do expect working capital to go down. Now the amount of working capital we have on hand will really just be determined by a number of things, price of product, and then AR. I don't see a lot of change in DSO. And number two, is how much inventory you need, in finished goods as well as containerboard. But I think the biggest change in our working capital has been, more so, the acquisitions and a little bit of pickup in finished goods. But I do expect that to go down end of fourth quarter and probably level out a little more over next year.
Richard B. West: I'll take that. We really don't look at it as a leverage ratio. Of course, we watch it. But we think we're at the right debt level that gives us a lot of financial flexibility. We've got low interest rates, low debt, and it really gives us the ability to take advantage of whatever opportunity is out there with the leverage we have. And I think, you can look at it in the way of what do you want to do opportunistically, and we'd rather have that financial flexibility of what would essentially be considered a low leverage to take advantage of those things with our financial flexibility when they might appear. And so, we don't really have any plans to pay down debt. We only have a small term loan. And then in addition to that, we've got very low interest on our other notes. So we're pretty happy with where we're at from a leverage standpoint. But we would not be -- we have the flexibility, if we wanted to borrow, to borrow also.
Richard B. West: Typically, we've seen -- we've run at about 75% depreciation within that $110 million, $120 million level. And if you can look at depreciation, going forward, with the acquisition, where we are on a percentage depreciation, it's going to be in that $120 million range. And then we've also talked to the point that Tom's going to have $50 million to $60 million available for continued acquisition opportunities or box plant strategic activities. So again, we are going to normalize and it's going to be right in that range, $120 million area. Plus the opportunities for Tom's side of the business.
Richard B. West: We're not -- that's what analysts do. We don't -- we're not smart enough to comment on multiple changes. Our multiple is up this year, obviously, for, I think, our performance and what people think of the future. But predicting, I can't even predict where our stock price is going, let alone multiple. So we can't add any value to that.
Richard B. West: And It's not that we don't want to disclose information to you, we just don't like to disclose that information to competitors. There's no upside to that.
Richard B. West: And it really doesn't change seasonally, except that the fact that in the winter months, you use more energy on the 3 coldest months of the year, primarily because your water temperature is a lot colder, and you got to heat a lot of water up to make paper. So and -- the one thing just to point out on our Valdosta mill, we're now to the point now where other than in the line kiln, where we do burn a little -- we burn natural gas, we don't use any fossil fuel at all at Valdosta. We run the mill, well again except for the line kiln, on 100% wood waste and black liquor. And so -- and Counce isn't quite as good, but Counce is pretty good in that regard, too.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. We completed our major energy project in last year's fourth quarter and now have almost a full year of operations behind us. I'm very pleased to report that the project is delivering more benefits than we originally forecasted, and we now estimate the project will improve 2012 earnings by about $0.37 per share compared to our original estimate of $0.26 per share at the beginning of the year. The better-than-expected results came mainly from better-than-anticipated chemical and energy recovery efficiencies associated with the new Valdosta recovery boiler and 2 rebuilt boilers at Counce. The increased process efficiency and more consistent pulp quality has, in turn, allowed us to also increase both our pulp and containerboard production more than we expected. The operating flexibility we now have with our recovery boilers has also allowed us to avoid some machine downtime this year when our power boilers were down for maintenance and allowed us to eliminate electricity purchases at Valdosta this summer during peak electricity demand periods, when electricity prices were at their highest. So overall, I'm very pleased with the energy project. The project is generating an after-tax return of about 25% on total capital and almost 30% on net capital after deducting avoided maintenance capital despite much lower fuel and electricity prices today compared to the prices we've built into the project savings. We expect the return will improve even further as energy prices increase over time and we capture those cost avoidance benefits. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect higher earnings from our announced price increases, but full quarter's earnings benefit from these price increases will not be fully realized until the first quarter of 2013. The earnings improvement from higher prices in the fourth quarter is expected to be partially offset by seasonally higher costs due in part to colder weather. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of about $0.61 per share. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in the annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. With that, operator, I'd like to open up the call to questions. Thank you.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Mark, as we've historically said, dividend matters are board matters. And so with that, with Paul here, I'm going to let Paul talk about that since he's Chairman of the Board.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, when you think about our recovery boiler, you're trying to achieve 2 different things here. You're trying to achieve steam generation with the organic composition, and also, you're trying to recover cooking chemicals. So you've got a very complex reaction taking place at the bottom of the boiler, in the reduction zone. So we knew we were going to essentially double the amount of steam generation with these boilers, but we were pleasantly surprised with the efficiency gains and the chemical reduction efficiencies in the units both at Valdosta and Counce, which now have allowed us to produce essentially more cooking liquor, more uniform pulp and more pulp in general. So that lent itself to more paper machine productivity, so again, quite an added benefit from the project.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, with only 19 box plant workdays in September, which is the minimum number, I would have expected a bigger inventory increase. On the other hand, we had hoped to build about 10,000 tons of, specifically PCA, of inventory to get ready for October. October has 23 cut-up days. However, we weren't able to build any inventory in September because our demand remained so strong. So maybe we should not be surprised.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, as most of you probably know, we're not a big export player, but we did raise export prices in September to a majority of the markets we serve. And if you think about it, we do business in approximately 35 countries. Of those 35 countries, we probably have 5 larger countries that we ship probably 55% or so of our volumes. But we don't make a practice of commenting on specific prices in specific markets for competitive reasons. So with that, we're getting better but not as good as domestic pricing.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We don't have any big projects like these energy projects right now, and we have the typical smaller-capital-requirement projects that allow us to continue to build on efficiencies and enhance the efficiencies in a smaller way. But with that, we always have a portfolio of opportunities in both the box plants and the mills but nothing of the magnitude that we saw with the big energy project.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Prices are pretty flat both north and south, so as we get ready and while we're completing our winter wood build right now, the prices are flat.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, at this point in time, I don't think anybody sees anything out there on the horizon that's going to be a dramatic shift. However, I'd like to think that it can't get a hell of a lot worse than where we've been, and we're bound to get a little bit better. Certainly, one of the concerns that we have is any uptick, given the inventory rates we have right now, is going to make things even tighter than they are at the moment. So we'll just -- we continue to do what we do and let the economy take care of itself. But hopefully, there will be some uptick going forward.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Now our forecast, at this point in time, Phil, is that we'll have the full run rate going in into the first quarter of next year. We obviously have some contracts that extend out a little bit further than that, which may add just a little bit. But for the most part right now we're forecasting a full run rate.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Regarding acquisitions is I would just say that, as we've talked previously, we continually look at acquisitions and we've got some opportunities that are out there that we're vetting at the moment. But we have a very high hurdle rate for these acquisitions. And so you don't have to meet the litmus test, regarding customers, regarding management team, marketplace, et cetera. And we're going through some of those and we continually look at lots and lots and happen to get one here or there that is an absolutely right fit. And we'll continue to do that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Again, the energy projects allowed us to grow the containerboard production by 120,000 tons. At the same time, we've been talking about our plans on the box plant side to grow the integration level from 80% up to the low 90s, and currently, we're selling -- we're roughly 83% integrated. And so, we've been able to produce the tons necessary to continue supplying the market. And also, at the same time as we've made these acquisitions, supply those acquisitions. And so with that, again, things are going to level out though.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think we had one acquisition we made last year in the fourth quarter. So it won't be 3, it'll probably be more like 2. We caught up to that one we made in the fourth quarter last year.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, yes. I think you heard Paul talk earlier to the dividend question. So the fact that we've spelled out our plans for capital, we have no plans to pay down debt, so that leaves that cash available for share buyback and dividends, so at some ratio of the 2. Again, that's where we're headed into the new year.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We don't talk about guidance into the forward quarters like that. But again, I think, to summarize, it all depends on China. Think about that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, I'm not going to comment on that. I will just say that the discussion is as important with every single customer, regardless of whether they're on or off some sort of an index.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Natural gas is such a small component of our energy, that it's really not a big factor. So in that regard, again, we just use very low natural gas. So that's about all I really want to say.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think the other -- the only thing I'll add to that is we did say, when we talked about returns of voided capital, and with Valdosta and Counce, with the new boilers, there would've been about $80 million of capital spent over about a 5-year period that won't have to be spent now on maintenance because these are -- they're virtually new boilers. So going down on that regard, our maintenance expense will be less.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Not much more than what you said, Mark. I would say that this is -- we're handling this as a routine price increase. As Mark mentioned, we've got 9,000 customers we've got to go out and inform on a one-on-one basis. Because of our value proposition, we can't just send out a letter notifying them of a price increase. So right now, this is an all-consuming job. And as Mark mentioned, we expect the full realization in the first quarter next year.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Hey, Mark, this is Tom. Again, as Mark mentioned earlier, I mean, we're a smaller player in the export market. But I can tell you that demand is steady to up depending on the market. And certainly, the backlogs are getting out there. There's no question about that.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, Anthony, I would just say that we have always -- we've said we'll continue to look for every opportunity we can, certainly, in terms of acquisitions. So we may -- we'll continue to look for those. Organically, we've had a pretty normalized rate here for quite some time, and we would continue to see that rate going forward. That would be our expectation.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, George, this is Tom. I'll just comment on this real quick. I mean, most of our customers, obviously, they tend to be fairly optimistic about their business and they hope that there's improvement going forward. I can tell you they're trying to do everything they possibly can, from a marketing point of view, to move their products. And I think, at the end of the day, just like any other year, there'll be some winners and there'll be some losers. And it's in our best interest to, obviously, to try to align with the winners. And I think one of our advantages is, with the 9,000 customer base that we have, we're spread out very well, so that we have the ability to grow with a lot of different customers and we don't have tremendous exposure to just 1 or 2.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yes. The other thing, Phil, that we've discovered, as you always do on a project like this is, is that when you get done, there's a few more things you could tweak that you didn't do in the first project. Now it's not a lot of money and it's not a lot of return, but Mark told me about a project the other day, probably going to cost $0.5 million dollars to do, and we'll get a 100% return on that. And that's because the energy project enabled it. But it's just a small thing, a $0.5 million in improved earnings isn't that much. But we've got a number of those and when you look back at everything, I guess, if you've done something just a touch different, you can get a pretty good return. Unfortunately, it's just a little bit of capital. And even though the return's really good, it doesn't make that much more money. But we do have some upside in those areas.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: When we talk about the box plant, I'd also add, we've said for a long time, we run at about $110 million, and we like to spend about $50 million a year on box plant acquisitions. That's kind of been our mantra for the last 5 years. So that $110 million has probably creeped up to $120 million because if we make these acquisitions they need capital to be supported, too. So as we get bigger, we basically have gone from about a $2.1 billion company, we're close to $3 billion now. So obviously it requires a little bit more CapEx. The only other change that I think we've talked about a little bit is that Tom is out looking for acquisitions but those acquisitions also compete against his internal projects. And so that $50 million is for either acquisitions or if he's got a better internal project for there. So that internal project would go into the CapEx number, but it really comes out of the acquisition pot. And so wherever we have the best investment for that $50 million, and usually it's an acquisition because it's got a lot of synergy benefits, but occasionally, it's for an internal acquisition, like the plant we built in Reading, 1.5 years ago. And so, I throw that caveat, the competition for these acquisition dollars is king and it's both internal and external. Next question.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: This is Tom, Al. I would just say that, from a mix point of view, it's been pretty steady, not a dramatic change. And regarding the lightweighting, I think every customer out there is looking for an opportunity to reduce cost, but at the same time, they're not going to sacrifice quality in any way. So I think there's a constant pursuit in the marketplace for reduced costs. And we're working -- we work with all our customers to try to do what's right and to try to meet their objectives, but at the same time make sure that we maintain the quality and service that they demand. Next question.
Paul T. Stecko: And Mark, to the last part of your question -- this is Paul Stecko. The word corresponding, the only intent of that word is it's related to the fact that box prices normally follow containerboard increase. So those 2 are related. And as containerboard price is up, and now box prices have been announced by us. So don't read anything more into that word. In terms of what our realization is, we don't disclose that. That's a matter between us and our customers. And that -- what we charge in boxes varies widely because the nature of our customer and product mix varies widely. And so it's not one number. It's an average number, and average numbers are sometimes misleading. But that's not something we normally disclose until we have completely completed, if you will, our box price increase.
Paul T. Stecko: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Appreciate that. It's a complicated question because there's a lot of things that go into it. So just to keep it short, there have been some positive developments with us finally coming to a conclusion on this matter, and that is the price increase is obviously positive. It will obviously produce a lot of cash, which we have to figure out what to do with. The other thing that's happened, since mid-June, our shares have gone from about $25 to a little over $35. That's the good news. The bad news is it's lowered our yield. And so the one way you fix that, obviously, is increase the dividend. So I think they're the 2 positives in terms of getting closure to doing something. The one negative, as I think everybody knows, is the tax situation with regard to the treatment of dividends, which we won't know until the end of the year. But all in all, this is a matter that the board will discuss. And from my perspective, as Chairman of that board, we're getting pretty close to determining what and how much we want to do here. And that's about all I can say at that -- at this point.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, let me just amplify. September is a strange month. What we've discovered, it's like discovering Halley's Comet. Maybe we should've known it. But it's been since -- like 1984 was the last time there was a 2-day difference in shipping days year-over-year. So usually, it's only 1 day. And so we would have thought, with that few shipping days, the inventories would have risen more, but they didn't. And I don't know if people took downtime in the industry. I know we couldn't build inventory because our demand was strong. September was a record, for us, volume day on a per-workday basis. So I really don't have a good explanation for that. But one other point on that, I saw the FBA numbers this morning, and it showed that roughly, on a per-workday basis, demand was up about 2.5%, and on the total volume, it was down about 7% or so. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but that's close. And what we normally do is average the 2 numbers. But you really shouldn't do that at this time because it's such a rare event that there's 2 days difference. You simply can't make up 2 full days during a month. So the kind of the way -- if somebody asked me how would you put your spin on the numbers, I would deduct one of those days, and that would make the total volume down about 2.5%; on a per workday, up 2.5%. So it kind of feels like a flat month to us for the -- I would say the industry, it feels like a flat month for them year-over-year, whereas we're up 5% and down 2.5%. So we're up a couple of percent. So it's kind of tracking the way it's been tracking all year. Comparing PCA to the industry, on organic growth, we've been 2% to 3% better. And then if you throw our acquisitions in, we're about 6% better. But it's a strange month. This hasn't happened since 1984, when we've had a 2-day difference in shipping days, and that does skew the numbers somewhat.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, I mean, Anthony, both presidential candidates are talking about jobs, and both have said jobs is very important. And if we can get unemployment to continue to drop, that will be very positive for our industry. And of course, I think we're all familiar with a lot of the anecdotal information reported in the papers about people moving manufacturing back to the U.S. I think it's started a little bit, but obviously, we need more of that. That's probably the best thing that the country could do to get out of the deficit situation, and that is to grow our way out of it. And so long term, we feel fairly positive about where the U.S. economy is going to go because it has to go there. Picking when that starting point is, however, is not so easy.
Paul T. Stecko: George, it's Paul. I think Mark has a very good point in terms of inventory. We hope to build some inventory. We were running so well, we decided to take the risk, if you will, to ship more to some export customers who we cut back, right, and we tried to help them out a little bit. And that bet was, we can continue to run well. And there's always a trade-off. If we don't, we probably wished we had kept those tons, but if we do, we'll be happy we sold them. And so we're betting that we could continue to run this well, and one of the reasons we're fairly confident about the bet, we still -- we're only 4 or 5 months beyond the annual shutdowns, so our mills are still in tip-top shape. And where you really start to worry, when you get into the first quarter, when it's the coldest quarter, and you've got now 9, 10 months on your equipment, that's when the productivity risks are greatest. And right now, we've got the wind on our back, productivity-wise, so we're going to ride that horse as hard as we can.
Paul T. Stecko: No, other than -- you said it. Our actual data, actual costs, are company confidential information. And for competitive reasons, we choose not to disclose that.
Paul T. Stecko: Going forward, we should be at the normal creep rate, 1% type normal creep. We took advantage, obviously, of the energy projects through the 2010 and '11 activity at Valdosta and Counce, and saw that nice 3% bump. So that was a onetime event for us, and as I explained on one of the earlier questions, we have no plans, as far as capital right now, to go after any aggressive creep. So and going forward, it's going to be typical flat, 1% type of activity.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. This is Paul, again. You're right. We didn't do as much last quarter as we normally do. We bought in about $32.50 a share, and the strategy we had been pursuing, which we discussed on last 4 conference calls was that we're going to try to be a little bit more opportunistic than in the past. And that's when it was a very volatile time in Europe, problem in Greece or Spain, the market would get hit over here, everybody got tarred with the same brush. Our stock had dropped $1 or $2 and we'd pick it up. And we were very successful in doing that, buying on the down, when something not related to our business happened in some parts of the world. That really changed, if you look at the third quarter. We basically went up from about, like I said, $27 a share to about $35, $36. And the stock was much less volatile, and those opportunities for a big blip down really never happened. And so we kept waiting and waiting and waiting, and it never happened, and we ended up buying some stock. So I think if the world is more stable, we're going to have to return to more of a more steady, more continuous dollar cost averaging, hopefully on the way up, type of buying strategy. But the old strategy served us well for about 18 to 24 months. But unless the world gets more volatile and there are -- those opportunities don't exist, then we're going to have to buy on a more steady basis going forward. So that remains to be seen. Next question.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. Our policy forever has been, when the price increase is over, we comment on it. We do not comment on while it's going on. And that's on advice of counsel for antitrust reasons. And as you know, we're a very litigious society these days, and so we are extra careful to go way beyond what's required for safety reasons. And we did say we completed our containerboard price increase in the third quarter, because it was over and we could say that. We're in the process of a box price increase, so we're going to give no further information than that until we complete it and then we can talk to you a lot about it.
Paul T. Stecko: We're not going to comment on that. We have 9,000 customers. We call on them, we don't simply send out a letter. And so you cannot guarantee that you -- you try to get to them as quickly as possible, et cetera, et cetera, but it's not as simple for us as just sending out a letter, because we don't do that. We make personal calls. Next question.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, I think the level out is an important comment. It's been a tough job to get the integration level up when you're also increasing your mill capacity, but we're up about 3% over the last couple of years despite the additional capacity in our mills. But as Mark said earlier on the call, we're down to maybe 1% creep growth. So Tom Hassfurther's going to have a little easier time building that integration level up because the mill production is not going to be going up as fast as it has been.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes. This is Paul. I would say we're -- yes, we're seeing some benefit in that. I used to hear once a week from the box side of the business that this customer or that customer was shifting business to Mexico or China. I don't hear that anymore. And we're also hearing information that -- and we know of some of our customers that have moved some business back from Mexico or China. The amounts to this point are small, but we expect that trend to continue. And so, we really can't quantify it any more than that.
Paul T. Stecko: The OCC is flat. We've seen numbers, obviously, the Southeast area, OCC is up about $5. But all in all, we're flat. And that's what we've built into the fourth quarter. Next question, please.
Paul T. Stecko: We're right in the process of planning next year's shutdown. So we'll be able to add details on the January earnings call. But essentially, the shutdowns are normalized year-to-year with required work, but we'll add the details on January.
Paul T. Stecko: Okay. With that, we're out of time. I appreciate everybody's time today on the call. We look forward to seeing you in January for the full-year and fourth quarter call. Thank you very much.
