Richard B. West: Thank you, Mark. In the second quarter, PCA generated cash from operations of $115 million. Capital expenditures were $35 million. We paid our quarterly common stock dividend of approximately $25 million and repurchased 371,000 shares of our common stock for about $27 per share or $10 million. As of June 30, 2012, our diluted shares outstanding were 97.1 million shares. During the second quarter, cash tax payments of $5 million were made, and fuel credits of $44 million were used to offset federal taxes. We have estimated remaining fuel tax credits of up to $100 million. The final amount of the available fuel tax credits and the final cash tax rate and taxes paid in 2012 is contingent upon the conclusion of the IRS audit currently underway. As Mark Kowlzan spoke about earlier, we completed a public offering of $400 million, up 3.9% senior notes due in 2022 on June 26. In connection with the offering, we also made a $65.5 million payment to settle an interest rate protection agreement. The net proceeds -- or the note proceeds, excuse me, of $397 million net of fees will be used to complete the redemption of our 5.75% notes due in 2013 on July 26, with an estimated redemption premium payment of $21 million, plus an additional $11 million for accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. We currently estimate third quarter after-tax charges of $13 million or $0.14 per share related to the debt refinance. Our June 26, 2012 press release provides more detail of the refinancing. Excluding both the proceeds and the debt from the senior note offering, we ended the second quarter with $118 million in cash and debt of $801 million. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Richard B. West: That is correct, Chip, and you're correct on your numbers. For the second quarter, the net debt was $683 million, with the increase in cash. We did pay down $4 million in debt in the second quarter on our term loan.
Richard B. West: There's no reason. We're still going to look at both buyback and other alternative for cash that we've talked about earlier. So we'll just continue to address the buybacks each quarter.
Richard B. West: Well, we look at more the financial flexibility that we have. We think we've got a reasonable debt level, but the positive for us in having the debt level that we do have is it does give us the opportunity if we see something that we want to borrow for us as we did in the third quarter of last year. We borrowed some to -- when we wanted to pick up some additional shares. So what we do with our cash, as well as our debt level, is going to depend upon the opportunity utilizing the flexibility we have.
Richard B. West: It's taking what we consider the normal with the IRS. I really can't say anything other to be at the end of the year, beginning of next year. That's what we're hoping to have a final conclusion.
Richard B. West: No. We're so low. And from where we stand, I don't see it being substantive to us. We haven't really gone through all the math, but I don't see it as substantive.
Richard B. West: Really, it doesn't change. The run rate on the amortization of maintenance costs is essentially going to be the same in the third quarter as the second quarter, that's why we didn't cite it in our guidance for any change.
Richard B. West: What we said, is the -- in fact, lower mill cost overall compared to the second quarter and the third quarter, Philip, embedded within that number is some increases for electricity a little bit and also some in chemicals, primarily starch, but overall, still lower.
Richard B. West: The change from 1Q to 2Q was the accounting of the annual outage costs. From the standpoint compared to last year, in the second quarter, we were $0.02 per share better, and that's more driven by the fact that we're -- especially the energy project, we're not having to repair such older equipment. We've got new equipment -- new boiler at Valdosta and rebuilt boilers at Counce, which really helps us. So the majority of the $0.02 per share improvement year-over-year was related to the energy project.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect seasonally higher sales volumes, increased mill production and lower mill costs. With an added note on mill costs, we do expect prices for purchased electricity and chemicals to increase and prices for OCC to decrease compared to the first quarter. Considering these items and excluding the estimated debt refinancing charge, we expect third quarter earnings to be above $0.54 per share. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we have made on this call constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors on our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And finally, we will not comment or respond to any questions concerning forward pricing on today's call. Thank you. With that, operator, I'd like to open the call up for questions.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Chip, before we go any further, I just want to correct one of the pieces of data, where I commented about OCC prices. Prices for OCC are expected to decrease compared to the second quarter, not the first quarter. So I just wanted to correct that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, for the second quarter, our box numbers were flat. Obviously, we had good numbers, but we saw constant, steady numbers. And if you look at where we are for the first 8 days of the third quarter through July, we're looking at probably 7.2% up for that period of time. But also, one of the difference this year, with the 4th of July being in the middle of the week, it's a tough comparable. So again, the other thing to think about too was that the acquisitions and the organic piece, they're both contributing about equal, 3%, 3.5% on average.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, Mark, if you think about our model and what we've been talking about the last couple of years, with the strategic activity during the past 2 years and the work that Tom's done on the acquisition side of things, we've really created a new revenue engine. And if you also think about it, we've got 4 acquisitions, plus the new Reading plant, so we've got -- we're operating 5 additional plants, plus the strategic spending was applied to 5 plants. So really, we have 10 plants that are now contributing in ways that we never had before. So we've always talked that we have the demand, but we couldn't supply the customer base. We have that now. So we've grown into that and taken advantage of the acquisitions and the strategic spending. So with that, we only know what we're doing and we talk, and our model is definitely a different model compared to the industry.
Mark W. Kowlzan: As we stated, the goal still is to get to the 90% integration rate. That's important because we feel the 90% still allows us some flexibility to supply tons into our customer base as they grow. 100% is not a good number to be at because then your customers then understand that you're going to be limited in that ability to help them grow as they move forward. So we're moving along, we're on track to get to the 90% and that's going to remain our goal for the remainder of the next couple of years here.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, we published capacity at the end of last year at 2.575 million tons. We hope to get some productivity improvement, some crease -- creep capacities here, not much. So rough number, I wouldn't be surprised if we ended the year at about 2.6 million tons of published capacity.
Mark W. Kowlzan: One way we are different, Mark, is that some companies have specific graphic locations. We integrate our graphic business into our regular box plants to make -- and that helps us handle the seasonality of the graphic business. It is stronger in different parts of the year, and the beauty of that, when we need ground business in those plants, when graphic is down, that happens and vice versa. So we like our model in that regard.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Regarding the first part of the question, if you look at -- obviously, with natural gas prices falling last fall through the winter, we took advantage of that and shifted more coal into gas, and we continue to do that through the summer months. And also, we're still waiting on the EPA to issue the Boiler MACT rules to see where that's going to take us on any further changes. Flexibility-wise, we've maintained the flexibility with the work that was done on the boilers at Counce and Valdosta. We've maintained and built in further flexible capabilities. And so in that regard, it's still very important to us.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We started seeing some of this last year in the fall. Again, in particular, as an example, in Michigan area, we saw some increased chips available on the market for some hardwood sawmills. So in that regard, we've seen some benefit. Obviously, we're not where we were prior to the housing collapse, but we've seen a little bit of improvement.
Mark W. Kowlzan: What you see take place typically in the July, August period in some of the areas with the summer heat and temperatures, the utilities end up having to have some abnormally high real-time pricing. And so we just expect that there will be some days and some periods where we see some real-time pricing get out of hand.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Phil, I'll just comment on that real quick. I mean, it's -- sometimes, we're not the best barometer of the export market quite frankly because we send a lot of specialty products to that export market in terms of liner, but it's not great over in Europe. But I don't think it's as disastrous as what the press would have you believe.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, all of the above. With the downtime that was being planned with the mills and the work that Tom had done with the acquisitions and the organic growth, we needed all of those tons to take care of our customer base here in North America.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, we'll continue to look at box plant acquisition opportunities and strategic opportunities from the organic side as we see customers growing and their needs, demanding we can work with them. So that's something we hope that will continue. That's what we're planning on.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, the -- again, the energy projects have been contributing the bulk of that. So we continue to see good results from both the Counce and Valdosta piece. And so again -- so that's pretty much the -- all that savings contributed through the Counce and Valdosta projects. And probably, Valdosta is a little bigger contributor than Counce. Just to put a little technicolor on it, at our Valdosta mill, if you count the -- that was a boiler project. We still -- and we buy no -- basically, no purchased fuel at Valdosta. We run on 100% wood waste from our own wood yard and black liquor. And so no purchased fuel, and we buy very little electricity, we produce roughly 98% of our own electricity. And then we have byproducts that come out of burning black liquor, things like tall oil soap and turpentine. You throw that all together and our energy cost at Valdosta is actually a negative number. And that's obviously a big source of the savings.
Mark W. Kowlzan: On occasion, we sell some back to the grid, but most of the time, we run at about 80% -- about 98% of what we need. And we buy a little from the grid to maintain the utility tie in case there was ever an emergency. And we had to take that -- but we had to take the turbine down.
Mark W. Kowlzan: And Rick raises a very good point. When we did this project, we noted that over a 5-, 6-year period, we would reduce maintenance on those 5 old boilers that we took out of service by about $80 million in terms of cost avoidance. Now some of that is capitalized and some of it is expense, but with $80 million in additional to the savings that we got, that we don't have to spend as Rick just pointed out. And that's an important point.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, and December is especially strong for 2 reasons: one, that's obviously the biggest buying period for things, and people are shopping more and more on the Internet; and the other beauty of buying things on the Internet as opposed to a store, when you have to send it back to the Internet, you got to pack it in another box to send it back because most of the time, you throw the first box away. So you get a double bang for your buck over the Christmas holiday.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I think you got to look at that. That volume is good for the entire industry. Where it ends up benefits everybody. And it doesn't matter who makes it, that's going into volume for the industry. And those kind of boxes tend to be lower priced. There are plenty of brown boxes, don't have a lot of graphics on. So that's not the sweet spot of our mix, but it benefits the industry in terms of total consumption.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, we're basically on plan, but again, we are going into a busy time of the year for us. So we need every ton we have, and that's important. I mean, the mills have to run right now. It's critical, we've got now all the shutdown -- heavy shutdown period, which is the second quarter. And we basically held where we wanted to on-plan with inventories. But again, we need the tons and we've got the business and we've got to run.
Mark W. Kowlzan: From our perspective, there's not much of a change. We've taken advantage of what we built into the box plant system and mill system. And again, Tom's group is taking advantage of that with the customer base and working with them, and the results speak for themselves.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Our mix will be pretty similar to what it is in the past going forward. We may see -- as I mentioned earlier, we probably will see a slight pickup on the graphics side of the business going forward just because I think we've got customers that are trying very hard to feature their products in a relatively flat market.
Mark W. Kowlzan: That was in reference to the spending that was done in 2010 and 2011 with the 5 box plants we had identified. We spent $80 million during those 2 years on the strategic opportunities. Now the point that was made, we will continue as we go forward. As we're working with our customer base, if we have the opportunity to grow with them and we see an opportunity, we might make some strategic investments.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, and to amplify on that, we did that with the $80 million we spent. We're into that, we like the results, they're showing up in our numbers, bottom line. And as we go forward, we now have more competition with internal projects because of that success versus acquisitions. So in order to make an acquisition, this money has got to compete against internal projects, and our success in the last few years on internal projects has been very good. And so the competition for that last dollar of capital is even more keen within the company than it has been in the past, and that's the point we've been trying to make. So we got -- we've had good choices. We can't make them all, but it's good to have a more good choices than fewer good choices.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes. Typically, we've said this -- quarter-to-quarter. In terms of year-to-year, we might go from 8% to 10%, 11% of our products go offshore. And our trend is down in that regard. That's an historical number 8% to 10%, and we've cut back a fair amount from that number, which we're not going to divulge.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, we saw an easing on the inflationary pressure from last year. But going forward, on the commentary about chemicals into the third quarter, most things are flat. We are anticipating -- as an example, corn, obviously is going to be under pressure, theoretically with what's happening with the drought. So that's one example.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, right now, on the box plant side, the starch and starch-related products, all the adhesives. But on the mill side, obviously, the caustic chemicals and then wood fiber obviously is the big one, which has been very stable.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I'd like to thank you everybody for participating today, and we look forward to seeing everybody on the next call. Have a good day. Thank you.
Paul T. Stecko: Chip, this is Paul. The comment I'd make when you said the way you view it versus the way somebody else views it, we expect there's only one way to view this thing. And that is that although the process was different in Filer City in terms of how black liquor's -- to how the liquors converted, that doesn't mean that there's anything out of the ordinary here.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, this is Paul. I'll take that. The answer is no, except for the fact that when you pull 13,000 tons out of export like you do, you obviously pull out your worst business. So that in itself is going to help your pricing.
Paul T. Stecko: We really don't comment about any specific relationship with customers, and that would fall on that category. So we're going to have to pass on that question.
Paul T. Stecko: And then, Phil, just -- this is Paul again. Just wanted to comment on your first question. As Mark said, our business has been steady all year and up roughly 7% a quarter, and that does include the acquisitions. And through the first 7 days of January, we're up about -- excuse me, July, we're up about the same, and that is on organic growth, which is really the major year-over-year improvement. We're up about 3.6%, 3.7% of that, and then we're up another 3.5%, 3.6% from acquisitions. And that gets back to that 7.2% number. So that's evenly split between organic growth and acquisitions.
Paul T. Stecko: Yes, Mark, I'd answer that just a little different. The market has basically met our expectations. We thought our business would be this strong, and it has been this strong. And we're projecting that, that trend is going to continue, and that's how we built our third quarter earnings model. And it's hard to -- for us to comment on the entire market other than we read the numbers you read. But we're really concentrated on our customer base, and we feel pretty good about it.
Paul T. Stecko: And Mark, just to amplify on the reason for that, our demand period is the weakest in the winter months, and labor is also a lot more available than to do shutdowns, energy cost is historically higher. So for the last 15 years, we basically concentrated all of our downtime in the first 4 months of the year. It's the lowest cost for us to do it that way, and then it also leaves us the most capacity when we need it the most. And that is the period we're about to enter now, which is the seasonally strong period of the year, now through -- it used to be now through Thanksgiving. But with Internet commerce, December is actually turning out to be a half-decent month for the last 3, 4 years, which it hadn't been before then.
Paul T. Stecko: I think year-round though, e-commerce is a positive factor. I think, again, seasonally, whether it's school-related time of the year, that's definitely been a positive for the industry.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I would just say on the acquisition front, Chip, we constantly look at opportunities. We turned down a much higher percentage, obviously, than we pursue going forward, and we continue to review opportunities as they exist right now. We have, however, taken some of that money out of the acquisition area and plowed it into some strategic capital investments within the box plants, which have some returns that are essentially equal to what an acquisition would give us, and that's primarily based on customer demand.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: George, this is Tom. Why improvement in mix? I mean, it's -- at that time of the year, second quarter seasonally starts to ramp up some of the graphic side of the business.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I think because our customers are trying to do some creative things to drive their sales in this environment right now, and one of those vehicles happens to be the graphics area. That has -- that picked up seasonally a little faster than what we thought, and probably, on a volume basis for the year, it will be quite a bit higher than we had anticipated. Okay? In addition, you've got Ag business and some of the other things that have gone on that just help our mix typically in the second quarter.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: I really can't tell you if that's conclusive at all. All I can say is, is that this is -- depending on the customers you're aligned with, depending on their business and what their strategies are really determine how they're trying to drive their business, and if we get the net result of that, we're better off.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, we certainly hope to. That's the intent, Mark. And it's interesting when you look at our organic growth. I mean, most of it comes from our existing customers who have just chosen to do more business with us at various locations, and of course, that helps drive some of our strategic capital. And we continue -- that's the plan going forward. And so I would plan that we would continue to grow at these rates.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Joshua, this is Tom here. I just want to point out that I think it's very important to understand, we have never, never invested capital on a "build it and they will come" basis. I mean, our capital is always strategically invested around our customers and around demand that we see in particular marketplaces. That, we will continue to do.
