Tom Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. We continue to get excellent realization from the implementation of our previously announced price increases across all product lines. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $1.40 per share above the third quarter of 2020 and up $0.55 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021. Export containerboard prices were up $0.18 per share compared to the third quarter of 2020, and up $0.06 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021. As Mark mentioned, we achieved a new all-time record for containerboard shipments with continued strong demand in our box plants as well as our domestic and export containerboard markets. We had record third quarter corrugated product shipments, which were up 2.3% in total and per workday over last year's very strong third quarter. Through the first 3 quarters of 2021, our box shipment volume was up 6.7% on a per day basis versus the industry being up 4.5%. In addition to supplying the record internal needs of our box plants, our outside sales volume of containerboard was 73,000 tons above last year's third quarter and 37,000 tons higher than the second quarter of 2021. Regarding our third quarter demand and our outlook, I'd like to reemphasize some points I made on previous earning calls and what Mark alluded to earlier the same issues that impact our ability to get more volume out of our box plants like labor shortages, truck availability, driver shortages, raw material availability issues and supply chain bottlenecks also persist with our customers. They are telling us they have higher demand and could ship more if not for these issues. There is no doubt we view demand as strong, and we expect this to continue even with the economic obstacles most companies are facing. And keep in mind, the fourth quarter will have 3 less shipping days than the third and fourth quarter comparisons will be against last year's all-time quarterly record for the industry. Regarding the box plant acquisition Mark mentioned, last week, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire substantially all of the assets of Advance Packaging Corporation, an independent corrugated products producer, in a cash-free transaction. Under the terms of the agreement, PCA will acquire a modern full-line 500,000 square foot corrugated products facility located in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The transaction is structured as a purchase of assets resulting in a full step-up of the assets to fair market value. This acquisition is consistent with one of the key strategic focus areas we've discussed many times regarding increasing our vertical integration of containerboard through organic box volume growth and strategic box plant acquisitions. After completion of the acquisition, our containerboard integration is expected to increase by almost 80,000 tons. This also will allow for further optimization and enhancement of our mill capacity and box plant operations as well as other benefits and synergies that we expect to begin realizing soon after closing. Although we won't get into financial details at this point, we expect the acquisition to be accretive to earnings immediately with a bottom line purchase price multiple similar to the average of our last 4 acquisitions. Closing, subject to certain customary conditions and regulatory approval is expected later this quarter, and we will finance the transaction with available cash on hand. Advance Packaging is a well-capitalized full-service provider of corrugated packaging products, including high-end graphics retail displays, sustainable shipping containers and protective packaging. They utilize state-of-the-art technology, structural and graphic design and engineering capabilities and an ISTA-certified test laboratory to provide customers a solution for nearly any packaging need. With a commitment to continuous improvement, innovation and safety in their operations, Advance Packaging is a great strategic fit for PCA and our culture with an excellent management team, highly skilled and dedicated employees and an outstanding reputation in the marketplace. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. Well, keep in mind, the third quarter included some bleed in from the second increase plus the timing of the third increase. Nothing really has changed in our timing. We typically roll these in over a 90-day period. But in this particular case, given the timing, yes, we probably did realize a little bit more in the third quarter for this particular increase.
Tom Hassfurther: The bookings are coming in right now about flat to a year ago. But keep in mind, a year ago, we were up 13%. So I think we're off to a very good start in the fourth quarter and maintaining volume levels that were exorbitantly high last fourth quarter.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, it's hard to put it in exact numbers. As I said, demand remains very good and very strong. However, a lot of our customers, along with ourselves, are suffering from what really is an American commerce issue related to labor, transportation, supply chain issues, et cetera. And it's a mixed bag. I mean we've got some segments of our customer base who are more impacted by materials or chemicals or resins or whatever the case might be as long -- as well as the labor issue. We, of course, as I mentioned, are suffering from many of the same things. And even some of our suppliers have indicated that they're concerned about their ability to keep up with our demand. So it's something that's going on across the entire American landscape as well as, quite frankly, the global landscape.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, Adam, as I mentioned to you, it's an American problem, an international problem, you name it. I mean it's -- and if I could predict exactly when this was going to end, I'd be -- I'd probably be doing something different than what I'm doing right now. The fact of the matter is that what makes us so hard to predict right now is the fact that every company is dealing with this, whether it's ours, whether it's our customers, whether it's other industries, whatever the case might be, we're all competing in a labor market that's incredibly tight. As I said before, I mean, we're also competing with the government here, which makes it even much more difficult. But there are shortages everywhere and the demand remains very high. So is this going to be -- is this going to end in the short term? It depends on what you determine short term is, I don't see it ending anytime soon. It's going to continue well into next year, and where it settles out, I don't know. The one thing that's been very evident is that the consumer has changed a lot of their habits. And that's been good for our business. That's not going to change ever again, I don't think. And quite frankly, we've also got customers that have been asking for alternative products to their plastics, which is still a great opportunity for the industry. But we've had a difficulty being able to address that right now just based on all the other demand. So I think when you look at all the trends, it's darn positive going forward.
Tom Hassfurther: Yes. Anthony, I think the way to look at it is this, we're going to run to demand. We've always told you that. So whatever our integration level is, is going to remain essentially the same. There's really -- we have additional demand in the export market. But as I mentioned many times, the domestic market has shrunk so dramatically that it's not just a matter of just going out and saying, I can go sell a bunch of people in the domestic market. There is no domestic market to speak of. So -- and those that supply it are going to stick with what they've got, just like we are sticking with what we have. We're not a big player in the export market. We've been dealing with the same customers for decades now, and that's what we intend to do. So we will grow into our capabilities, and that's why, as Mark mentioned, we will still have the capability to produce white at the mill. And as our paper demand might dictate, we could swing back to that if we needed to. So our objective, as Mark said, remains exactly the same. We will be a fully integrated company.
Tom Hassfurther: I'll just give you an example real quickly. If you receive apparel in a plastic bag through the e-commerce network, typically, those things arrive and they're pretty nasty and people -- consumers have become alerted to what plastics does to the environment and the lack of recyclability in plastics, they're working on it. But obviously, it's a very, very low number compared to corrugated, which probably is the best sustainability story in the world, perhaps. And so they're looking for on conversion opportunities to get out of that stuff to satisfy really what are consumer demands even more so than their own demands. That's just one small example of what's going on, but all of the companies that sell to consumers have been very alerted to the fact that consumers want a recyclable package, a good sustainability story and they want to be good stewards of the environment. And consequently, there's going to be more opportunities going forward for those kind of conversions.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA, excluding special items in the third quarter, was $18 million with sales of $150 million or a 12% margin compared to third quarter 2020 EBITDA of $17 million and sales of $178 million or 9% margin. Prices and mix were up 4% from last year's third quarter and also moved 4% higher from the second and into the third quarter of 2021 as we continue to implement our previously announced price increases. As we mentioned last quarter, with finished goods inventory now at optimal levels for the Paper business, sales volume, which was 19% below last year's level, is fairly reflective of our production capability. As I said earlier, while the Jackson number-1 machine is running medium, we will continue to service our paper customers' needs from both of the International Falls machines, which are capable of producing all of the Jackson paper grades. While we've maintained our capability to produce uncoated freesheet on both machines at Jackson, we'll continue to monitor market conditions and run our paper system accordingly. With that, I'll turn it over to Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Bob. Looking ahead, as we move from the third into the fourth quarter, we'll continue to implement our previously announced price increases for domestic containerboard, corrugated packaging and paper. And we'll also expect average export containerboard prices to move higher. Packaging segment volume will be lower due to 3 less shipping days as well as the scheduled outage at our DeRidder mill and Paper segment volume would be lower as the Jackson mill is not expected to produce any paper grades. With higher energy prices and anticipated colder weather, energy costs will increase. Wood costs, especially in our Southern mill system, will be higher due to the previous wet weather. Low inventory and high demand will also impact wood. We also expect inflation to continue with most of the other operating converting costs, along with higher freight and logistics expenses. And lastly, as Bob mentioned, we expect scheduled outage cost to be approximately $0.25 per share higher than the third quarter. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $2.04 per share. With that, we'd be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward-looking statements. The statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K and in subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. And with that, Josh, I'd like to open up the call for questions, please.
Mark Kowlzan: Currently, on an annualized basis with what we're doing on J1, it's capable of producing about 100,000 tons a year of medium, in that range, based on the fiber availability we have with the DLK that we have and then the balance of the craft fiber. We've obviously, as we've done many times, we've studied these things years in advance. We have a pretty good idea of what we would do under different circumstances if we chose to ramp the machine up in the future. But I think, as I said earlier on the call, the fact that we're actually running medium right now is a really good opportunity for us to study all of the unit operations around the paper machine within the mill system to look at the entire balance of the mill and how it would play out in the future with the work we're doing on J3 machine. And where, ultimately, the Jackson mill goes in terms of producing containerboard. Right now, we also mentioned we have not given up the capability to produce paper on either machine, the J3 machine. Once it undergoes its outage next spring, we'll not be able to go back to paper after that. But J1 machine remains a flexible machine, and we'll just look at our market opportunities and utilize that machine as it is. Again, the machine is an extremely -- highly efficient, very good quality machine and has a lot of opportunity to help us provide our future needs for our customers as we grow with our box plant customers in the future. I'm not going to talk about capital estimates. Again, it's -- I consider that more of a proprietary situation.
Mark Kowlzan: I don't have the current numbers. If you think about traditionally, we're in that -- somewhere around 70% if you include black liquor and wood waste within a mill, that's traditionally what you're going to see in the industry with a fully integrated mill that's got black liquor and wood waste capability with combination boilers. Natural gas, obviously, is the big play that the country is seeing right now and quite frankly, the world, and we're exposed to that also. So Bob, do you want to add any color on the natural gas piece? But again, it's not a lot to add, but whether it's impacting us.
Mark Kowlzan: I think we're seeing some relief in the Louisiana and the Mississippi, Tennessee wood Basin right now compared to where we were this summer. The Southeast, in particular, the Georgia, Florida, Southern Alabama, wood baskets remain under pressure from the wet weather and also the demand because of that. The winter wood build has preceded a lot better than I had hoped in the Louisiana and the at our Counce mill in Tennessee. We're nowhere near where we want to be or should be at this time of the year, but we're much improved from where we were 3 months ago. The -- again, Valdosta as an example, and Jackson mill as an example, have a ways to go. And again, there's a lot of competition in those wood baskets, but I'm not going to get into the actual numbers, except to say that it's been a long time since I've seen the entire system in the southern states under this much pressure at this time of the year.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. I think we've talked all along J3 machine in terms of supplying what we needed and trying to balance the input costs because they were higher. On an annualized basis, the J3 machine has been producing -- use 400,000 tons is a good number if you want to, probably about 100,000 tons a quarter, give or take. And so that's probably a good number to use for your math. If you want to add the annualized production of number-1 machine, that would be 100,000 tons. So again, on an annualized basis, Jackson is producing 500,000 tons of containerboard now at the mill. Again, I'm not going to get into specific costs. We have reduced in a very appropriate manner the cost that we can control with the unit operations that we have to work with. The big cost takeout will come next Spring as we do the really big phase work on the machine conversion and get the productivity up significantly. And when that improvement is made, you'll see a rather big step change in cost reduction. And then the final step change will come in the final phase the following year when we finish up the work on J3. Now again, as we look at J1 and we understand what that would imply, it depends on how much medium you would need in the future. And this goes back to what we said for the better part of the last 1.5 decades, you can convert anything to do anything, but there's a capital price for it. And so on an incremental cost if we're producing 100,000 tons today with appropriate capital, we could supply a significant amount of incremental medium off of that machine in future years if we chose to spend the capital. And so I look at Jackson as a tremendous opportunity. We've said this before, when the work is done on J3, the Jackson machine -- the J3 machine appropriately will be in the category of about a 700,000 ton a year machine capable asset in the next few years. And then that would leave the number-1 machine to balance out our growth opportunity in the box plant system. And so if we're producing 100,000 tons on an annual basis today and you assume you ramp that up, the Jackson mill becomes a significant containerboard producer, if we so choose to and we grow with our demand. But it has a very good opportunity to be one of our low-cost mills over the future years with the appropriate capital.
Mark Kowlzan: Yes. We got to what our average where we like to be from weeks of supply basis, sort of our average what it was for the last 5 years. If you exclude that -- the record low of September of last year, that's just not a normal situation. So we -- with the help of the Jackson mill, obviously, we got to where we want it to be from weeks of supply basis, which -- but we have this big DeRidder outage coming up in the fourth quarter. Demand is going to be very strong. So right now, on paper, our inventories would actually decline by the time we hit the end of the year.
Mark Kowlzan: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today on the call, and I look forward to talking with everybody at the end of January for our full year and fourth quarter call. Stay well, stay safe and have a nice holiday season.
Bob Mundy: Thanks, Mark. Cash provided by operations during the quarter totaled $284 million, with free cash flow of $134 million. The primary payments of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $150 million, common stock dividends totaled $95 million, $68 million for federal and state income tax payments, pension and other post-employment benefit contributions of $51 million and net interest payments of $7 million. During the third quarter, we issued $700 million of 30-year 3.05% notes and used the proceeds from these notes to redeem our 4.5%, $700 million 2023 notes in early October. This transaction will lower our average annual cash interest rate from 3.8% to 3.4%, lower our annual interest expense by $11 million per year and extend our average debt maturity from 8.5 years to 16.3 years. Based on the timing of closing the new bonds in September and the redemption of the old bonds occurring in October, our quarter end cash on hand balance included the new bond proceeds. Excluding this transaction, our quarter end cash on hand balance was just over $1 billion or $1.2 billion, including marketable securities, with liquidity at September 30 of $1.5 billion. Our planned annual maintenance expense for the quarter is still expected to be about $0.41 per share or about $0.06 per share, primarily due to the DeRidder mill outage. This will result in a negative impact of $0.25 per share moving from the third quarter to the fourth quarter and $0.18 per share higher than last year's fourth quarter. Finally, as Mark mentioned previously, we continue to put tremendous effort into managing certain material equipment and labor availability issues to keep our capital projects on track. While we are managing to keep the key milestones of our more significant projects on schedule, our capital spending across the entire company is now expected to come in below the range we provided previously. We currently expect to end the year with total capital spending around $550 million. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Bob Mundy: I'm sorry, it's a big number going from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. Obviously, it's probably close to $0.10 hit and it's primarily due to prices that everyone is aware of, but you also have an impact from the seasonal aspect from colder months in the latter part of the year.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Mark, this is Bob. As you know, third quarter to fourth quarter is always a negative movement sequentially. It's just -- going back probably as far as you want to look, it's -- and a lot of that has to do with some of the seasonal things you see going on with wood, energy and some other items. What's happening this quarter -- yes, we are certainly getting additional price improvement or we expect to from the previously announced price increases in the Packaging segment, but we also have a -- the volume situation is not as -- is a little bit more unfavorable, primarily on the mill side of things with the outage at DeRidder and the fact that we actually expect our inventories to go down as opposed to build inventory. So you always have to consider that inventory change and how that impacts your cost and your cost absorption. Certainly, freight is a bit higher than it normally would be this time of year. And then those operating costs, like I mentioned, what was going on with energy, with wood fiber and the things that Mark was speaking to with trying to get inventories where they need to be and competing with others, forest products producers that are trying to do the same thing in that part of the country along with shortages, just trying to get drivers to get wood and bring it to the mill. Those costs are up a similar amount to what energy will be. We expect to be very busy in the box plants again in the fourth quarter. And with what we're already struggling with relative to labor availability, just like most other companies are, paying additional overtime, doing what you have to do to get the volume out of the door. That's higher than normal. And also just overall repairs and materials, other fixed cost type things. It's never seen it quite like this. We talked about the maintenance outages being $0.25 a share negative. And we have some things relative to this capital spending in our box plants that we hope to bring several projects on board in the fourth quarter, and that results in some noncapital implementation expense. That's a little bit higher than normal, but it's for a good reason, obviously. So when you net all of those things, Mark, it's -- you're right, it comes to $0.65, which for us is certainly not out of line. If you look at the second half of our results versus the consensus numbers, it looks like we'll end up the year, the second half, $0.25 better than what anyone thought. It's just the timing of the -- between the quarters. Maybe we had a lot more price appreciation in the third than people were realizing and there was more of that in the fourth. I'm not sure, but that's sort of how we see the sequential numbers moving.
Bob Mundy: No, I don't think we'll get into that level of detail. I think you just have to think about what Tom said. And certainly, I think there was more than what people were assuming together with -- as you know, we've always done a really good job of executing and bringing that price to the bottom line as quickly as possible, and I think it was just a great effort during the quarter.
Bob Mundy: Yes. I think on average, Adam, if you look at the average of 3Q versus 4Q, 4Q will be higher. I think because we're exiting the third quarter, beginning the fourth at a higher cost. Although as the quarter goes on, I think we're -- the costs look like or the price looks like, it will be fairly stable, maybe slightly lower. But like I said, on average, it's a headwind, 3Q to 4Q.
Bob Mundy: No. I think as Tom said, we're not getting into the financial details right now. But -- so that's all we're going to talk about on the call today on that.
Bob Mundy: Yes, Cleve, this is Bob. I'm not sure how you calculate your cost. I mean, our cost actually went up. So I really don't know how to answer that question. You've got to be careful when you look at costs, if you're taking them at a high level and just if you like subtracting EBITDA from sales or whatever you may be doing, you also have to take into consideration inventory change tons that were going on between the 2 periods that you're comparing. So you get your denominator right. So again, I really don't know how to answer because our costs went up.
