Mark W. Kowlzan: Good morning and thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's second quarter 2018 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA. And with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President, who runs our Packaging business; and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer. I'll begin the call with an overview of our second quarter results and then turn the call over to Tom and Bob, who will provide more details. I'll then wrap things up and then we'll be glad to take questions. Yesterday, we reported second quarter net income of $187 million or $1.97 per share. Second quarter net income included special items expenses of $0.11 per share primarily for certain costs related to discontinuing paper operations associated with previously announced conversion of the No. 3 machine at the Wallula, Washington mill over to linerboard. Excluding these special items, second quarter 2018 net income was $197 million or $2.08 per share compared to the second quarter 2017 net income of $144 million or $1.52 per share. Second quarter net sales were $1.8 billion in 2018 and $1.6 billion in 2017. Total company EBITDA for the second quarter excluding special items was $382 million in 2018 and $328 million in 2017. Excluding the special items, second quarter 2018 earnings per share of $2.08 was $0.56 per share above the second quarter 2017, driven primarily by higher prices and mix of $0.47 and volumes $0.26 in our Packaging segment, higher prices and mix in our Paper segment of $0.05, lower fiber costs $0.07, which was a combination of improved fiber usage and lower OCC prices, and a favorable tax rate of $0.16, primarily resulting from Tax Reform changes. These items were partially offset by higher operating costs totaling $0.24 per share and converting costs $0.02, primarily due to the inflation-related increases with labor and benefits costs, repair and material costs, environmental and other professional services, equipment and building rental costs, et cetera, as well as the addition of converting costs related to our Sacramento Container acquisition. We also had higher freight expense of $0.09, costs related to the Wallula No. 3 machine, conversion of $0.04, higher annual outage expenses of $0.01, as well as higher depreciation $0.02, and other costs $0.03. Our results were $0.12 per share above the second quarter guidance primarily due to higher prices and mix and higher volumes in our Packaging and Paper segments, and lower mill operating costs. Looking at the Packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the second quarter 2018 of $363 million with sales of $1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 24.2% versus last year's EBITDA of $305 million and sales of $1.3 billion or a 23.3% margin. We continued to run our containerboard mills all out in order to keep up with the demand and they performed extremely well during the quarter. We successfully executed scheduled maintenance outages at two of our mills, and the first phase of conversion work on the No. 3 machine at the Wallula mill to a high-performance 100% virgin kraft linerboard machine was executed extremely well both from a ramp-up curve perspective, as well as operating costs perspective. These outstanding efforts allowed us to achieve all-time record containerboard shipments and supply all-time record box shipments. We ended the quarter with containerboard inventories about 8,000 tons above the first quarter 2018 levels and almost 54,000 tons above the second quarter of 2017, primarily due to the addition of inventory needs of the Sacramento Container acquisition and the need to build inventory in certain regions of the country in order to help mitigate the higher freight and logistics issues that we continue to face. And now, I'm going to turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on containerboard sales and corrugating business.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thanks, Tom. Looking at the Paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the second quarter was $38 million, with sales of $251 million or 15% margin, compared to the second quarter 2017 EBITDA of $41 million and sales of $254 million or 16% margin. Our announced price increases were realized quicker than anticipated during the quarter and volume for our cut-size and printing and converting products remained strong. The decline in EBITDA and margin versus last year was due to the low results in our pressure sensitive business at the Wallula mill. Additionally, inflation on input costs and operating costs as well as higher freight and logistics expenses negatively impacted EBITDA during the quarter. Excluding the results of Wallula's pressure sensitive business that we're phasing out of, our ongoing Paper business EBITDA margin was 17% for the quarter. I'm now going to turn it over to Bob.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. Chip, just keep in mind, over the years, the amount of tons we've moved offshore probably been in the range of 8% to 10% of our total production year-to-year, and that hasn't changed that dramatically. We continue to take advantage of the legacy customer relationships we've got around the globe, we probably sell them to about 36 countries still throughout the world. So, that's pretty consistent.
Mark W. Kowlzan: So, first part of the question, the fact that taxes are lower certainly helps us. But the bigger factor is that we've got tremendous opportunity especially on the converting side of the business and that we're aggressively going after on the corrugated side. We've recognized these opportunities, we've got the demand, and so we're taking advantage of that demand and opportunity and the improved tax position.
Mark W. Kowlzan: The first part, talking about the ramp-up, we are extremely pleased with our machine started up. We are essentially a few days ahead of schedule. Machine was selling very good quality product within a few hours of startup. The performance of the machine, if you think about the terms that I talk about quite frequently, and that's about time and efficiency on a paper machine, the Wallula No. 3 machine quickly became the – I believe it was the second best running machine in the company in the month of June with extremely high efficiency performance. Quality has been great, but again we are limited in productivity because we don't have the new press section and headbox. And so, we'll wait for that in October, we're running – on a daily run rate basis, we're running about where we expected to on tons. We don't disclose that. But we're probably somewhere around 60% of the total estimated machine design. But the great thing is we took all of the learnings from DeRidder and I mentioned this on a lot of the prior calls. We took three-and-a-half years' worth of learnings at DeRidder and compressed that into this outage this past May and went ahead with everything all at one time essentially and we'll finish that in October. So, so far, we're extremely pleased. And then to the other part of your question, for the first half of the year, we purchased outside tons, about 192,000 tons, 195,000 tons, somewhere in that area give or take a few thousand tons. Those tons for the remaining portion of the year – we will bring the purchased tonnage rate down. We're taking advantage of the productivity out of Wallula. And as we said, we have a home for those tons. Those tons will take the place of some of the purchased tons. And so, we'll definitely take advantage of the Wallula production.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We're going to probably stay in this range of 200,000 tons of outside purchases right now and that depend – I mean, if you assume that demand remains strong and trending in what we've seen, it is in our best interest to continue buying some of these outside tons because of the transportation benefits we see from the regions we buy within.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, let me answer it this way. I don't know what Tom comment. We continue to run – and we just define it as it's fully integrated. We're moving some containerboard tons outside domestic and export. We're buying some of those tons and net that out. But when you call 95% integrated or 99% or 100% or 102%, we're running fully integrated. And I would expect that as time goes on, especially with the Wallula tons coming up by the end of the year, next year, we'll continue to be in that position, fully integrated. And that's a place we feel really comfortable. It's a good place for us to be. It gives us the ability to source our containerboard in ways that we find advantageous to us. Especially within our own containerboard system, we're able to run it full health and take advantage of our own efficiencies. And so, I would expect that next year, we'll be talking along the same lines. Tom, do you want to...
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, every mill is unique, every mill has certain design characteristics, and I've said this for a number of years now. Any mill can be converted to make virtually any kind of paper product or board product. It's how much you're willing to pay. And obviously, people are willing to pay more and less in some cases. We have to be very good at understanding how to apply minimum effective capital and get the most return for that dollar. A part of what we do and we've done this for decades is a somewhat of a phased approach. So, we go in with one or two phases at a minimum and make sure we don't overspend. And then, when the first phase is done, it's easier to look at what opportunities did you leave on the table, and that's part of our engineering excellence and operating prowess. So, again, I think but it goes back to, every mill is unique and every mill has its strengths and weaknesses. So, that's pretty much it.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. The risks are the same. It comes down to two factors: that the vendor that has supplied you with this equipment has done a proper job in building this equipment to proper specifications, and then it comes down to us installing this in a precision manner and yet we've proven we're very good at that. So, I am saying that the risks are no different than what we've done over the years. We just have to execute well and do it very efficiently. So, quite frankly, the work we just completed this spring was more complex and more demanding than what we have coming up in October. In October, we have discrete work going on. It's a headbox change-out. It's press section component change-out. So, it's more concentrated with a smaller region compared to what we've just gone through this spring. So, again, I'm not worried about the risks.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Let me answer the first part of that. Obviously, we've been running under an allocated mode in the Paper business. So, with the fact that you have a shutdown, we only have two mills in the Paper business. So, you're taking half of your Paper business down for its annual shutdown. And so, where we are in allocations to many of our customers, we've already depleted inventories down to certain levels that we have just managed. And so, it's just a case of some – the business is strong. We have the scheduled outage and we will get through that. And so, fourth quarter, both mills will run. If demand continues to run in the range it's been, you'll continue to be running in an allocated mode. And so, it's just – we'll update you in October where we are with inventories. But, certainly, the outage does change some of the metrics on what you're able to do or not do in terms of supporting customers. So, we plan that for the year and that's how it works out.
Mark W. Kowlzan: No, not at all, Debbie. If the opportunities come along and present themselves in terms of acquisition opportunities, we will fully take advantage of that. In the meantime, as Tom mentioned, we're fully taking advantage of growth with customer demand and taking advantage of that within the regions, or within certain plants. And so, we're going to take advantage of both sides of that equation.
Mark W. Kowlzan: It just depends on where you are and depends on the business. We see a lot of strength in some areas and we see a little more softness in other areas. We talk to a lot of our customers and talk about reducing inventories and doing other things like that, that can create some swings over a 30 or 60-day period. If I look across there, almost 20,000 customers, I mean, I can tell you that for the most part, they're reporting strong demand. And you'll see some seasonal swings in terms of agriculture, some other things. I mean, the graphics business is seasonal. So, if you just look in the last few months, I mean, they sometimes tend to be the softer months anyway in any given year.
Mark W. Kowlzan: We're not going to get into the specific on that. We've got obviously some contractual type activities and some of that kicked in on July 1. We'll have a little of that that kicks in later in the quarter. And then, the lion's share of it is in the quarter and just wrapping up a few odds and ends in terms of customers. And on the Paper, the same thing. We've got the bulk of that was picked up in the second quarter. We got some contractual that kicked in as of July 1, and then we got a few others rolling in as we speak, so. But I'm not going to get into the details on that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Within the legacy side of the business, we haven't seen much change. Again, it's typically weather-related phenomena within the regions and everything is pretty flat quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year right now.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, theoretically, that's what you'd want to do and so we will continue to monitor the logistics, freight issues on a daily, weekly, monthly basis and see what we're capable of doing as Wallula comes on to full capability at the end of the year. But, theoretically, that's where we want to be.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, from a real-time point of view, we will do whatever makes sense whether it's on a weekly, or monthly, or quarterly basis to understand how do we take advantage of the mill production capability and the box plant needs. And so, the fact that we have Wallula coming on now really helps us fill out our U.S. regional requirements on how we have to supply these box plants. But it's something that you are monitoring, again, daily, weekly, monthly and we'll have a much better capability on how that works out. But, again, a lot of work. Everything depends on transportation availability and transportation cost. (48:42)
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, again, we generally are more ambitious than 20%, and so I'm not going to qualify that except to say that the projects that we've identified are right in line with our historical return expectations. And so, we'll answer it that way.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, publications have called out that there's some incremental tonnage coming in for long shorts (51:55), nothing significant, but you would expect some of that. But, again, in total, the imports are a small percentage of the total demand in the United State, so.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. You got to talk to them. I mean, I'll be just offering speculation. I mean, they are the ones who are running their own models and trying to understand how they satisfy their own needs.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. There are two discrete projects that we move forward funding on. One is a high-return energy project and that's at the Filer City mill, and the other is a fiber-related project. It's a virgin wood chips-related capacity opportunity at the Counce mill. But it's a high-return investment at Counce for woodyard enhancement. Those are two good examples of high-return cost.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yes, Heidi. Thanks a lot. Everybody, I appreciate you joining us on the call and look forward to having you join us on the third quarter call in October. Have a good day, everybody. Thank you.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Thanks, Mark. Overall, corrugated products and containerboard demand remained very strong during the quarter. As Mark indicated, in corrugated products, we achieved all-time record for quarterly box shipments which were higher in total by 8.3%, with one additional workday or 6.6% per workday compared to the second quarter of 2017. Continued strong demand in both our domestic and export markets improved our outside sales volume of containerboard by over 21,000 tons versus last year's second quarter. Outside volume was over 11,000 tons below the first quarter of 2018 in order to help supply record shipments from our internal plants. Domestic containerboard and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.38 per share above the second quarter of 2017 and up $0.19 per share compared to the first quarter of 2018. The realization from our announced price increases was greater in this year's second quarter compared to last year, as the key containerboard price index, which many contractors tie to, occurred one month earlier than last year and our implementation was executed faster than last year as well. Export containerboard prices were up $0.09 per share compared to the second quarter of 2017 and up $0.02 per share compared to the first quarter of 2018. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Chip, we don't go into great detail about what our exact sales are on the export market. But I will say that the market has remained strong as you can see indicated by our sales. The pricing has still remained very solid, and I see that continuing. Relative to China, I mean, you get back to the same thing. They've got to get fiber into their market. We've got the whole OCC thing that's going on and nobody can predict really what the future holds other than we know one thing, they're going to have to have fiber. So, that's probably going to pool from different areas and different regions of the world. And so, I think that the global market still should remain very good.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah. I would just add that one thing hasn't changed at all in the way we do business and that is we don't just invest the capital in the hopes to get the business, we do it based on what our customers tell us and what the demands they have and what our opportunities are that are already in place. So, this isn't a build it and they will come. So, I think when you look at the future, Chip, you say what kind of opportunities do we have in the future, I would expect we'll continue to have these kind of opportunities because they are customer growth.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Mark, I mean, it just depends on what you read and what you hear from other – what I'd say knowledgeable people. But, it looks like they may be trying to create more of a closed loop system like Europe has down the road where they're collecting their own recycled fiber that feeds back into the mills. But, of course, as we all know, you got to have virgin to be able to have that system, which I think it would indicate that they're either going to – they got to get their virgin fiber somewhere and then it's primarily probably going to come from the U.S., and that may be reflective of some of the investments that some of the Chinese firms are making in the United States as well. I think they're probably looking at the potential of exporting containerboard or pulp or whatever the case might be back into China. That also could revolve around tariff issues as well. Who knows? But that's the way we see it right now.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah. I'd just say, Mark, I mean, if you think about the prior comments that we've made around the fact that we don't add capacity just for the sake of adding capacity. I mean, we know we have the demand for that. And we said that prior to the Wallula project, we said we were at 95% plus integration and that's exactly where we'll be when Wallula is fully ramped up. And I'd just add that one of the reasons we do the outside purchase is we don't make all the grades. And so, it's more advantageous for us in some cases to buy those grades on the outside as opposed to try to make those grades internally.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: George, this is Tom. I'll just give you a kind of a general answer to this. And then, if you really want to get into more specifics, I mean, you can follow up. But our investments in the converting area are around a couple of things. One is, I told you, it's based primarily on customer demand and what a customer wants. But also, when we're making these investments, obviously, we're looking at the cost side of the equation as well. We're looking at better efficiencies. We're looking at lowering our labor costs, as an example, and more automation, those sorts of things. Those are really the primary drivers that we're looking at in terms of these investments. The end markets that are evolving, I mean, I think what you're seeing right now is and we'll see the GDP number tomorrow, I believe, for the past quarter that it's projected to be up around 4%. And in order to get those kind of GDP numbers, obviously, we've had – a lot of sectors have to be growing and a lot of things have to be happening in those sectors. I think we're fortunate because we're aligned with so many thousands of customers and so many different businesses that we're already entrenched there and we're able to react quickly to whatever those changes are and what those demands are that are driven in those particular markets. And then subsequently, we're making those capital investments around those particular needs that our customers have.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah. Through 14 days of July, we're up 5.5%. July is an unusual month usually every year because it tends to be just a little bit slower. So, it's trending that way. It'll continue to ramp up through the month. So, we see demand still very strong. And we had a little unusual Fourth of July in the middle of a week which really caused some changes with some of our customers, but again, that's why it'll continue to ramp up through the month. So, all in all, it's still very strong.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah. I think, probably one of the best examples would be this in regards to timing. So, if you have contracts that go up on a quarterly basis and you have a price increase as we did this year in March, announced in March, you can capture that in the second quarter. Last year, price increase was represented in RISI in April. Therefore, that catch-up wasn't until the third quarter. So, that's probably the best example – as an example of timing that you have, Mark. And relative to the rest of the price increase, we'll have to just talk about that at a future date, you'll see that in our earnings.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Hi, Gail. This is Tom. We hear a little bit. I mean, obviously, they're concerned to some extent, but it hasn't impacted demand as of this point in time.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah. Chip, I would just say that my opinion is, is that you're absolutely correct when you say you have to have some sort of a level of vertical integration in order to take on a project like this. And of course, I mean, when you're talking about the level of integration in the total industry, it's incredibly high. And so, if we modeled a mill that we said we were going to do with no customers, it would appear that we would have to sell from coast to coast and we would have to get a significant market share just to be able to continue to operate that mill. So, I think you're right on in terms of what people would have to do in order to really get these conversions in place. And, as Mark said to Scott, I mean, they can export back into Canada, they can do a whole lot of different things. But, again, that's – very few have been virgin and most all of these have been 100% recycled which, as Bob alluded to, again, that's – you narrow your market when you're producing just that grade.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, I never like to use the word sold out or anything like that because we do have other plants, they can pick up the slack and with literally just under 100 plants around the country, we work very hard to service our customers totally. But, yeah, you could say that in these particular cases, I mean, demand is outstripping our ability to supply some particular markets with our current customer base. So, therefore that's why we're doing the things that we're currently doing in the box plants.
Robert P. Mundy: Thanks, Mark. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of $166 million, common stock dividends totaling $59 million, interest payments of $39 million, and $12 million for state income tax payments. We ended the quarter with $200 million of cash on hand. There are no changes to our 2018 estimate range for our combined federal and state cash tax rate of 15% to 16% and our book effective tax rate of 24% to 26%. However, versus the guidance we provided back in January, our planned annual maintenance outage costs will be higher by $0.02 per share in the third quarter and lower by $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter. The full year total will now be $0.01 higher, totaling $0.61 per share for 2018. In addition, we have updated our full year 2018 estimate for capital spending to a range between $530 million to $550 million compared to the $440 million to $460 million we provided you earlier this year. The increase is attributable to addressing profitable growth and mix enhancement opportunities at several of our box plants, the large plant expansions going on in the Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Virginia regions that we've mentioned previously, as well as a few high return, quick payback projects in a couple of our containerboard mills related to fiber and energy. These projects along with our recent 25% dividend increase fit in very well with our expected cash flow and our balanced approach towards cash allocation in order to profitably grow our company, maximize returns to our shareholders, while still maintaining the financial flexibility to act upon accretive M&A opportunities and adhere to our conservative balance sheet approach as we have in the past. I'll now turn it back to Mark.
Robert P. Mundy: Yeah. I was going to say, yeah, freight, George, is one of the larger ones that Mark mentioned, in addition to some of the chemicals and whatnot. But labor infringes (31:02) due to the tight labor markets, that's a big change compared to the same period last year, as well as just inflation on all those things that don't get talked about a lot like repairs and materials and supplies and all these outside services and contractors, people who are service providers to your company, they're having to pay more and they're charging you more. So, all that is more than we've seen in prior periods, for sure.
Robert P. Mundy: Yeah. I'll say, Adam, the delta you mentioned between 2017 and 2018 and your question around 2019, I'd say, because of the investments on the box plant side of the business with the mill side coming down from the DeRidder and Wallula spending this year, I'd say, the delta for 2018/2019 will be about half of what you saw for 2017 to 2018 right now would be a good ballpark.
Robert P. Mundy: Yeah. I would say, Scott, just relative to Wallula and then as we bring more of that capacity on and as we'd talk about when we announced that project, fiber in that part of the country is higher than it is for the company on average. So, as that becomes more – we purchase more of that to supply Wallula, that would move up the average on the virgin fiber side of things relative to what you've seen in the past.
Robert P. Mundy: I'd just say one other thing, Scott, to your question about our mills and using recycled – it's about who we sell our products to, and all fibers are not equal. That's why when you look at the capacity coming on, if it's recycled capacity versus virgin, it's a big difference because it serves different customers and we and the products that we sell are primarily virgin-based and that's a big difference because all fiber is not the same. You can't just start running it through your mill system because the price is lower. You don't end up where you want to be from servicing the customers.
