Mark Kowlzan: Good morning. And thank you for participating in Packaging Corporation of America's third quarter 2019 earnings release conference call. I'm Mark Kowlzan, Chairman and CEO of PCA and with me on the call today is Tom Hassfurther, Executive Vice President who runs the packaging business and Bob Mundy, our Chief Financial Officer.I'll begin the call with an overview of our third quarter results and then I'm going to turn the call over to Tom and Bob who provide more details. After which I'll wrap things up and would be glad to take any questions.Yesterday we reported third quarter net income of $180 million or $1.89 per share, which included $0.02 per share of special items expenses. Excluding the special items third quarter 2019 net income was $182 million or $1.92 per share compared to the third quarter 2018 net income of $211 million or $2.23 per share.Third quarter net sales were 1.8 billion in 2019 and 2018. Total company EBITDA for the third quarter, excluding the special items was $364 million in 2019 and $406 million in 2018. Excluding special items third quarter 2019 earnings per share of $1.92 was $0.31 per share below the third quarter of 2018 driven primarily by lower prices in mix of $0.36 and volume $0.03 in the packaging segment and the lower volume in our paper segment of $0.03.A richer mix and our box plans as well as higher labor and repair expenses contributed to higher converting expenses of $0.06 and we have higher operating and other costs of $0.03. These items were partially offset by higher prices and mix in our paper segment of $0.09, lower annual outage expenses of $0.09 and the lower freight and logistics expenses, $0.02.Looking at the packaging business, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter of 2019 of $325 million, with sales of 1.5 billion resulted in a margin of 22% versus last year's EBITDA of $378 million and sales of $1.5 billion or 25% margin.Our container board mills operated in an efficient and cost effective manner as we continue to balance our supply with current domestic and export demand, while optimizing our container board footprint to minimize freight and logistics costs across the system.We finished the quarter with inventory 51,000 tones below last year, and 30,000 tones below the previous quarter. In addition, we maintain our industry leading integration rate by supplying our box plants with the necessary container board to establish new shipment records.I'll now turn it over to Tom who'll provide more details on the container board sales and our corrugated business.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. Looking at the paper segment, EBITDA excluding special items in the third quarter was $58 million with sales of $243 million or 24% margin. This was compared to third quarter 2018 EBITDA of 44 million and sales of 254 million or 17% margin. Our seasonally stronger cup size and printing and converting volumes were higher than the second quarter levels as well as slightly above the third quarter of 2018. The average price and mix for our paper volumes during the quarter were about 6% above last year.However, our average price and mix was about 1.5% below the second quarter of 2019, which was less of a decline than indicated by the published industry index prices. Obviously, overall paper segment volume and revenue were below last year's third quarter due to the exit from the white papers business at our Wallula mill. We continue to improve our profitability and margins in the paper segment in part by having exited this business at Wallula rather than continuing to allocate people and capital resources to it.I'll now turn it over to Bob.
Mark Kowlzan: Thanks Bob. Looking ahead as we move from the third into the fourth quarter in our packaging segment, corrugated product shipments with one less shipping day should be slightly lower. Container board sales volume will be lower as we continue to run to demand and work towards building some inventory prior to the year end in preparation for the first quarter of 2020 scheduled maintenance outages at our three largest container board mills, which will significantly reduce our production early next year.We expect slightly lower prices as the remaining impact of the published domestic container more price decreases from earlier this year, work through our system and lower export prices. We also expect a seasonally less rich mix in corrugated products compared to the third quarter as the produce business in the Pacific Northwest as well as the display and high end graphics business for the holiday period normally falls off during the quarter.In our papers segment volumes are expected to be seasonally lower along with lower average prices. With anticipated colder weather, energy costs will be slightly higher and we expect certain other operating and converting costs to be higher as well. These higher costs include approximately $0.03 per share associated with the startup of our new Richland, Washington box plant during this quarter. Finally, as Bob mentioned, scheduled maintenance outage costs should be higher than the third quarter. Considering these items, we expect fourth quarter earnings of $1.70 per share.Happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we've made on the call constitute forward looking statements. These statements are based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and do involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward looking statements.And with that Vetenia [ph], can we please open the call for questions please.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, a lot of it has to do with just the overall performance of operationally and then just where we are in the marketplace with that business. As I said before, we worked very hard of the last six years to take cost out of that business and then exiting Wallula in particular in the –finally exiting completely year-over-year lapping that has helped again with the entire cost structure of the business. And again, we're just very pleased with where the sales held up and don't forget, we talked about this over the years that one of the strong suits in that business is the legacy Boise logistics capability and the value proposition that that logistic capability brings to the equation so again nothing different. We're very pleased with business and volumes been in a good place for us.
Mark Kowlzan: Let me answer it this way. We're, you know, we're currently in the low 90s as we've been talking this year. We're getting ready to start up the new Richland box plant. As that ramps up on the curve into next year, we fully expect to see. If the marketplace holds up as we are looking at the world, we would be starting to approach the mid-90s, where we were a couple of years ago, as the year unfolds next year. I don't want to give any specific numbers, but that's how we're looking at things.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, with the capability at Wallula now, we've been able to rebalance that whole system and without shutting machines down we've been able to throttle back and that gives us the ability again to adjust in real time as the market dictates, as customer requirements flow through a quarter or we're much more nimble in how we service that market, but at the same time, it's given us a lot more confidence in how we manage our inventories. And if you think about the year-over-year inventory being down 50,000 tones in the second quarter, third quarter inventory being down 30,000 tones, that ability now to truly work the mill system is dictated by the demand is truly paid off for us and we now have that nationwide coverage of container board supply and we're taking advantage of it.
Mark Kowlzan: Well again, mixed waste generally speaking, the fiber quality from a strength point of view is not anywhere near what you would expect with craft or OCC or VOK. Also, the contaminant level is significantly worse traditionally, unless you're getting sorted office paper, but again, the overall performance characteristics are much lower than traditional container more fiber furnishes. And so it's not that you cannot use some of that, but it's in very limited applications. And again we don't use mixed waste.
Mark Kowlzan: No, it's worked out quite well. As we had planned on two years ago, the Wallula mill, in order to be successful had to produce the heavier weight, high performance grades, all the way down to the lighter weight, high performance grades. And we've been doing that all year. And so we obviously have not been running the mill up to its full capacity. But if Richland comes on, we'll be able to take full advantage of that remaining capacity. And we're very pleased with the quality. We're very pleased with the flexibility of the machine in terms of the heavyweight, high performance down to the lightweight high performance. So it gives us ultimate flexibility to provide the Pacific Northwest and the West Coast with all the board we need.
Mark Kowlzan: No, we didn't take any inordinate downtime this year to do any extra work. We executed our normal planned annual outages. And then, again, taking advantage of the Wallula capability now we're able to truly supply all of our demands in the container board side of the business with our six mill system and truly run to demand, and that capability has allowed us to really move the inventory levels down to a much more comfortable level with that capability. That being said, we will continue to run to demand.
Mark Kowlzan: We don't generally talk about customer specific activity. And you can only imagine, again, part of our proposition our value proposition is just that we provide tremendous value for our customers in many ways.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, without answering that we'll give you a better assessment in January, when we have the January call. Just keep in mind that we will be able to take advantage of opportunities as we see fit. And so just rather answer that way that whatever opportunities we deem as true opportunities, we have the ability, we have the cash on hand, we have the resources to execute and so we're in a good place in that regard.
Mark Kowlzan: Which mean we have tremendous runway opportunity over the future years to continue to build out that side of our opportunity and much the same way we did in our mills 25 years ago.
Mark Kowlzan: We don't have any current plans to move that significantly within our legacy mill system. But we do have the flexibility to ramp up and down at any given container board mill, but again there are limits as we call that over the years. So again, with the exception of the Wallula project, the remaining legacy mills will remain in the same range they've been in terms of OCC utilization VOK utilization.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Mark says good observation. We called through the July call probably would be a little over 400 million in the summer period, we're able to reassess some opportunities and we shifted gears. That's basically how the Wallula projects came about. And so that gave us the opportunity to pull back on some of the capital, so we're going to be lighter than the original estimate, probably not over 400, but somewhere below that, but again, we're shifting gears on some of these opportunities. But I think it's worth calling out that in PCA's tradition we have that ability to step back and reassess what's the right thing to do with our dollars? And again, it was a summertime period of reevaluating what the opportunities looked like what the best opportunities were for us. And so we, we shifted some things around. So it's just a timing issue.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, without giving you the exact capital number. The Board approved in August two big projects at Wallula mill, one being the OCC project and the other being a new wood yard project. And so that spend, although not all of it next year, some of it will roll over into 2021. But a good portion of the spend will start next year on these two big projects at Wallula, but those are two high return projects. So again, we reserve the right to be able to move the capital up and down, but within a range of somewhere that we've been and that we're comfortable with. Part of what we're doing is we are making sure that all these projects that we do that we are doing the engineering; we're managing the projects ourselves and we are maintaining take control of these project executions. And so that gives us the optimum return.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah, Chip, as we were analyzing this project opportunity, again, we have looked at from the Intermountain Region all the way up to the Pacific Coast, all of our supply opportunities and so we feel confident we've got discussions ongoing and, in some cases, locked in with where the supply will come from. So we're very confident and again the project is ongoing and we're pushing ahead, full speed with getting this executed for next year.
Mark Kowlzan: I'm not going to talk about too far out. We're comfortable where we are right now. We'll use some of the words we've used this year in terms of – we still are living in uncertain times. We feel it's very prudent for us right now to remain very conservative on how we treat that cash. It gives us utmost optionality in how we take advantage of that cash. And I said this on the July call with every dollar of cash sitting on hand is not being wasted. And so we reserve the right to allow that to continue on for the time being. But it gives us tremendous opportunities in the future to create shareholder value as we have done many years over.
Mark Kowlzan: No changes in that position of being offshore. We are American based and we will continue to be American based. Again, I just have to believe we're going into an election year next year, we have a lot of uncertainty in the world around us and so this cash gives us tremendous opportunity, no matter what happens in the future.
Mark Kowlzan: No, again, just as we look at the outages next year and if we assume a certain demand which you have to build a model, whether or not that's what happens in the world. But if we assume, we're going to take these outages next year, and what the implication is on the tons that we're taking down for the first quarter, you have to – and also, you're dealing with winter weather phenomena, which is a big uncertainty throughout the country and what that can do to transportation. So you certainly have to have somewhat of an increased inventory to supply the demand and the box plants while you're taking these mills down. So we're just saying that there's some number that we're going to move up from the end of the third quarter and get a little bit more comfortable as we end December and go into January. We're not going to call that number output, but it will be so much higher than we ended 3Q.
Mark Kowlzan: Okay, thank you. Vetenia that wraps up our call today and I'd like to thank everybody for joining us and look forward to talking with you in January as we'll give you the full year and fourth quarter rapport. Have a nice day.
Tom Hassfurther: Thanks Mark. As Mark indicated our corrugated products plants establish new records for quarterly box shipments per day as well as total third quarter shipments, both of which were up 1.9% compared to last year's third quarter. In spite of the significant business loss we incurred at Sacramento Container due to the purchase of two large sheet customers by another integrated.Outside sales volume of container board was about 26,000 tones below last year's third quarter as we ran our container board system to current domestic and export demand and supplied the increased needs of our box plants. Domestic container board and corrugated products prices and mix together were $0.23 per share below the third quarter of 2018 and down $0.20 per share compared to the second quarter of 2019.As we have mentioned previously, the majority of the impact from the published index price decreases early in the year would be reflected in our third quarter results. Export container board prices were down $0.13 per share compared to the third quarter of 2018 and down $0.04 per share compared to the second quarter of 2019.Now I'll turn it back to mark.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, Brian, through 15 days we're starting out October 2% ahead of a year ago, so we're off to a good start in October. Regarding ecommerce, I think ecommerce will have a strong fourth quarter. Again, as mentioned previously, you're now comparing ecommerce and total with ecommerce of the past and it's not a mature market totally yet, but it has certainly has matured over the years. So we expect an uptick, but not to the degree it was when it was in its infancy and it was growing at double digit rates. I think Frustration-Free and SIOC are having minimal impact at this point in time. I think it'll be more so starting next year as we continue to develop that for Amazon, specifically. And as I said previously, I think that plays to PCA's strengths very well, especially the SIOC piece where it's much required for performance, design based, transportation based, those play very well into our strengths.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, Brian, this is Tom again. The index has had virtually no effect on us. As mentioned previously, it's a very different product. It's not performance based, it's not a lot of the other things that we sell to the open market plus there's not a lot of availability. So I think that there are a lot of reasons why it's had virtually no impact.
Tom Hassfurther: Chip, this is Tom, I'll take that question regarding export markets. Yeah, we did see another trickle down in price here just recently, but I think that we're getting at or very near the bottom, given the reaction, I think to the marketplace on this last one. So I think your thesis is pretty close.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, George, I would just add that, as you all know, we take a pretty long-term approach to our business. And we make investments at times when there can be slow periods. This is one of them, where the demand hasn't been incredibly robust. It's been okay, but not robust. And we're making some significant capital investments, we're doing some things that are – will position us for the long haul. And it's a good time to be doing that because as business does ramp up, there's demand does ramp up and we go through a little bit higher growth period. We're able to absorb that. So the W3 machine is a good example of that where we built some runway in terms of tones and we're doing some of the same thing in the box plants.
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I'll just answer the last part of your question there, Mark. And that is to our customers asking for 100% recycled. Occasionally they do, but once they get the education and understand that in order to run this closed loop system that we have, it has to start with Virgin. Everybody understands that, everybody knows that. So I think that they're much more sensitive to performance based and what it does for them and how the box performs for them and delivers at a cost effective way. More so than saying I have to have 100%. OCC, they understand if all customers said that we wouldn't have a system anymore of closed loop. That material degradates very fast and over a period of time. So that's essentially where we are and that's why I think that this whole recycled line of board discussion is somewhat muted, at least, regarding PCA. A little more on that project, we're looking at that again as an opportunity for cost reduction. And the supply in that whole region if you go out to the coast and down to the inner Mountain region, we've identified our sources and so again, we expect to have that project Online by the latter part of next year.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah, I would just say Mark that it remained strategic from the standpoint of these are long, long term customers have been with us a long time. The grades are very good fit. The seasonality is a very good fit. There are a lot of things that go into the equation, but they still remain strategic.
Tom Hassfurther: I would just add that we've been incredibly disciplined in our acquisition strategy. It's been a – it's just been a very specific approach. The opportunities are less today as the – especially as the independent market has shrunk so dramatically. So are there a few opportunities out there? Yes, we explore every opportunity that we think makes sense. We just haven't found any – that fit that absolutely fit our criteria that we're looking for. So it's still a very important part of our strategy and we'll continue to look and explore every opportunity and those that make sense we'll move forward on. That's the best I can say.
Tom Hassfurther: We're not obviously in the craft sack business. But I think there are corrugated opportunities that are coming about as a result of consumers really moving away from plastics, understanding what that does to the environment. And in many cases, we've got a lot of ecommerce and we talk about Amazon all the time with regard to ecommerce, but virtually everybody who manufactures anything and sells through a retail environment is in some form of ecommerce today. And they're all saying the same thing. And that is that many of the consumers don't want to receive their products either in plastic pouches or some other form of plastic container and even in the SIOC program there's a lot of discussion about taking plastic out of the primary package. So I think your premise is correct and I think there are opportunities for the corrugated industry going forward regarding this potential opportunity in ecommerce.
Tom Hassfurther: Adam, it's impossible to predict exactly what's going to happen with our 18,000 plus customers. But I think the trend is because our customers are keeping their inventory so low and in check that in the quarter, they – beginning of the quarter, they replenish the inventories to some extent. And by the end of the quarter they perhaps are running them down because as you know the economy is such that it's quite unpredictable. It's not robust, if you will. And I think our customers are managing their cash, their inventories, everything very close to the west. And so do I expect the same thing to happen in the fourth quarter? Well, the fourth quarter is pretty – it's a little more predictable in terms of holidays and all the other things that occur starting Thanksgiving and rolling into Christmas. So I would be surprised if the level stayed at this level, but I still think the fourth quarter will be pretty solid.
Tom Hassfurther: George, just real quick on ecom, obviously, I'm not going to go into any details about what we're planning to do other than to just say, you know, we explore all of the alternatives. We explore what's best for our customers, what we think are best solutions in the marketplace and we'll continue to do so.
Bob Mundy: Thanks Mark. We had very good cash generation in the third quarter with cash provided by operations of $340 million and free cash flow of 247 million. The primary uses of cash during the quarter included capital expenditures of 93 million, common stock dividends totaled $75 million, $46 million are federal and state income tax payments, pension payments of 49 million and net interest payments of $4 million. We ended the quarter with $738 million in cash on hand.Finally, our planned annual maintenance expense for the fourth quarter is unchanged from our previous guidance, which reflects a negative impact of $0.06 per share moving from the third to the fourth.I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Bob Mundy: Yeah, we were down – our net debt was a bit above 1.7 billion. And leverage is sort of in between that 1.1 and 1.2 times.
Bob Mundy: Mark what I would say is I would say that we are on the Amazon team to help develop SIOC and help work on that and help define what that is and help meet the objectives that Amazon has. So we're actively involved both with Amazon and with our direct customers as well as some prospects and developing that SIOC program. So I'm making a comment regarding PCA. And, obviously, this is an industry initiative as well.
Bob Mundy: Well, and obviously, those are, those are the categories that we pointed out. But we never have given specific numbers for those different buckets. So just have to go with our comments for now.
Bob Mundy: Well, I'll just say that we do have our – as we said in our I think in our earnings release, we have our three largest containable mills with annual outages in the first quarter. So that does point to a lot of work going on then.
Bob Mundy: No, I agree. It's just the cost structure and I think there's – it's just – they continue to do an outstanding job of just managing the cost Chip and turning as many costs as possible into variable type costs as opposed to fixed and things like that. And it just continues to – they continue to do just an outstanding job.
Bob Mundy: Well, if you read the index and information what the trade is saying, obviously, they predict the continuing market demand destruction over time. But yeah, we've been dealing with that for better part of a few decades now. So we just have that ability to manage that. Our volume will run to the market demand. And that's about all I can really say. We have the ability to flex that capability a little bit and we also – again, it allows us to the move within the customer base we choose to be with him.
Mark Wilde: Okay, it just – going back to kind of Brian's question, is including more recycled content or bored in the mix is that something that would be interesting to you over the next say three to five years.
Mark Wilde: Yeah, look, Mark, you've been great capital allocators over time. I think everybody can see that. I'm just kind of curious. It's a big position. I mean, this is obviously more cash than you need to buy a couple of box plants. So can you give us some sense of sort of what types of situations might be interesting and whether there's been any change in the types of things you're willing to consider? Historically, you said you didn't want to go offshore, you didn't want to go to Mexico; you didn't want to go to Europe, any change in those positions.
Mark Wilde: Okay, that's fair. Again, I think if you look at your track record over the last 20 years, it speaks pretty clearly. I'll turn it over.
