Paul Stecko: Thank you and good morning. And welcome to PCA’s second quarter earnings release conference call. I’m Paul Stecko and with me on the call today are Mark Kowlzan, our CEO; Tom Hassfurther, our Executive Vice President of the Corrugated Products Business; and Rick West, PCA’s Chief Financial Officer. Thanks for participating in the call and as usual, after we complete the presentation, we’ll be glad to take any questions. As I think most of you on the call know, we recently announced the separation of the Chairman and CEO roles at PCA, with Mark Kowlzan being named as CEO. Accordingly, after I make some opening remarks about the second quarter, I’ll turn it over to Mark, who will provide you with the specific details of our second quarter results and operations, as well as, our third quarter outlook. We had an outstanding quarter operationally in both our mills and our box plants in the second quarter. Earnings were significantly higher than we expected entering the quarter, driven by stronger volume, a faster pass-through of our April containerboard price increase to boxes, a richer mix of corrugated and containerboard shipments with more displays and value-added products and a lower volume of containerboard exports. In all phase, these all our operations we executed very well, especially considering the significant challenges we face with major annual maintenance outages at three of our four mills and our relatively low level of containerboard inventory. With respect to revenues, our sales in the second quarter came within $5 million of our all time record, which was set in the third quarter of 2008 and the third quarter is usually our strongest quarter sales-wise. Entering the third quarter this year, we are much better positioned capacity-wise with all of our maintenance outages completed for the year. However, at our current containerboard inventory levels, our mills will continue to need to run well in order to meet demand begin to replenish inventories, which in turn will help us reduce our freight costs. With that brief introduction, I’d like to turn it over to Mark, who will get into the specifics of our results and operations.
Paul Stecko: Yeah. Mark, this is Paul. Let me take that one. Somewhere I’ve been working on a long time. As you rightly said, our cash flow improves historically in the third and fourth quarter. They’re our strongest cash periods and hopefully, that will continue to be the case and, obviously, with $0.60 per share guidance, that would support your assertion. And we are looking -- what we would do with the cash, we started to buy a few shares the last quarter. And quite frankly, with the uncertainty in the market, we think things are happening externally that really may or may not affect PCA but it probably has affected our stock price at times more than we think it should. And so, starting on share buybacks seems to be the best first step to take. As you know, share buyback is a singular event unlike a dividend increase, which you have to plan for the long-term. There still is some uncertainty in the marketplace with regard to the so called bubble dip. And so our first use of cash would be directed at share buyback. There’s also some uncertainty on a tax treatment of dividends. We’d like a little more information on that when that does become available. We do still have about $62 million authorization under an existing share buyback approval from the board, so that’s a long-winded answer to a simpler answer is, our first step will probably be in the share buyback area.
Paul Stecko: Exactly, Mark. We’re still on track with the original plans. Projects are proceeding accordingly. Everything is on schedule, looking good, but your assumption is correct on the cap spend for this year going into next year.
Paul Stecko: Chip, let me tell you what’s really prudent. We can’t talk about forward pricing. We can only talk about the past with regard to pricing. So I cannot comment about that. The company cannot comment about that. So we’re going to have to take a pass on that question.
Paul Stecko: Yeah. And that’s not to mean, we don’t have a few new tricks up our sleeve. But we have a model that works. It’s very -- as Mark said, people-dependent. We’re not into big restructurings and things of that nature because our model has been fairly successful. But there will be enhancements made but in the end, it comes down to doing 100 things better and better each and every day. And that part, as Mark said, won’t change.George Staphos – Bank of America: Paul, last question for anybody who can take it, I realize you might not necessarily be in a position to talk about whether you are actually in the market right now repurchasing your stock. But would there be any technical reasons why you couldn’t be in the market right now repurchasing? Thanks very much. Good luck in the quarter.
Paul Stecko: Well, you always are worried about anything that goes on in the marketplace. And you know, new capacity coming in has always been with us, always will be with us, as is closures. But on the margin, I don’t think they’re big numbers in terms of a lot of capacity coming in or a lot of capacity going out. I think we look for this market to be fairly stable. And going forward, what’s going to, I think, help it or hurt it the most will be on the demand side as opposed to the supply side. And so we don’t see anything out there that would, on a supply side, either help a lot or hurt a lot for -- at least in the short-term.
Paul Stecko: No. For PCA, again, because of the extended outage in Valdosta coupled with the strong cut-up in our own box plants, we had a tough second quarter to take care of business. And fortunately, we had all three of our mills out of the four were down during the second quarter. So now we’ve got to take an opportunity to rebuild some inventories and get back to typical standard inventories, which -- that’s the goal for the rest of the year.
Paul Stecko: Yeah. The other comment I’d make is that this is not normal. We are incurring additional freight expense, which will not be necessary. It’s not a good way to run the business. It’s a lot more cost-effective to have the right amount of inventory at the right places as opposed to making emergency shipments just to keep up. So, freight’s become a bigger and bigger piece of this business. And we’ve got to work hard to get our freight costs down and having the right inventory level is paramount to that.
Paul Stecko: [4%] at forever, as equipment does degrade over time, your operating rates do come down. But as Mark said, when you come out of a shutdown, if you’ve done a great job, you can hum for three or four months.
Paul Stecko: Mark, the transportation issue arose out of the second quarter shutdowns primarily at Valdosta. Because of the 15-day outage, everything depended on Counce coming out of its first quarter annual shutdown at the end of March literally in starting up and running. And then the box plant system, our customers had to depend on Counce running extremely well. And so the transportation penalty that we faced in that second quarter was the effect that, again, we’re paying, in some cases, premium truck costs to move that paper in and out of Counce and to our customer base, to supply what would be normally freight. The cost in the third quarter is not an issue. Also, we have in place a small capital project to add truck docks to minimize the congestion at Counce with trucking. But in the last few weeks, we’ve also brought the rail truck balance back into balance, as far as what goes out of the mill by truck and rail. So for third quarter and the remainder of the year, we don’t expect freight to be an issue.
Paul Stecko: Yeah. This is Paul. We’ve already allocated that we may I think I told you on the call, last call, that we had planned to spend $35 million this year and next on our box plants in areas where we were either out of capacity or we expected to be out of capacity, or we had opportunities to provide more value-added products and the returns on these projects were quite good. So, that’s already in our capital planning process.
Paul Stecko: On the first question, no, we don’t see a change in the mix, everything is normal as far as mix and also markets nationwide. On the truck transportation, we did see some difficulty during the early part of the second quarter when business in general picked up throughout North America and then, again, we put an unusual pressure on that trucking requirement at the Counce location only. So going forward we don’t see that continuing.George Staphos – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you, Mark.
Paul Stecko: Well, I can handle it or Mark, let me start. A lot of, there’s not that many conversions. One machine did convert and went bankrupt and I think it started up again but I’m not sure of that. Some machines are designed to make linerboard, some are designed to make medium. They usually run a lot better than a machine that’s designed to run newsprint. Not that you can’t run those grades but unless you put the right amount of capital in, you’re going to have a hard time competing and I’m not saying you can’t, but you can’t do it without the right amount of capital. And in the end, you need more than just the machine, you need the pulp supply, you need the infrastructure, et cetera. And it’s not the easiest thing in the world to do. Again, it can be done but it is a high -- higher degree of difficulty task than running paper on the kind of machines we have. They’re designed not only for specific grades but specific basis weights over a wide range. So, at Counce, for example, we can run anywhere from what, 35 to 90-pound…
Paul Stecko: … and make a good quality product with outstanding physical properties. So we suspect that some conversions will occur. There don’t appear to be a lot on the horizon and we welcome the opportunity to compete against those machines.
Paul Stecko: It’s a hard question to answer, Joshua. It’s, like remodeling a house, how much do you want to spend on it? So it’s a wide variety depending on what your objectives are and what you’re trying to accomplish and what kind of return you’re willing to take or not take. So there’s no simple formula, no simple answer, it depends, is probably the best answer we can give you.
Rick West: Thank you, Mark. Capital expenditures were $92 million during the quarter, which included $50 million for our Counce and Valdosta energy optimization projects. During the quarter, we repurchased 150,000 shares of our common stock for $20.74 per share or a total of $3 million and we currently have $62 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with $182 million cash on hand, down $16 million from the end of the first quarter driven by capital spending for the mill energy projects, annual maintenance outage costs and share repurchases. We received no cash payments from alternative fuel mixture credits during the quarter. However, we did benefit from $41 million of these credits, which were used to reduce our second quarter federal cash tax payments. Since we became a registered alternative fuel mixture -- mixer, we produced 370 million gallons of alternative fuels and qualify for a credit of $0.50 per gallon for an earned total of $185 million in credits. We have applied a total of $89 million in credits against our federal cash tax payments and we currently have remaining credits of $96 million. In a memorandum dated June 28, 2010, the IRS concluded that black liquor qualifies for the cellulosic biofuel producer credit of $1.01 per gallon of biofuel produced in 2009. As a result of the IRS guidance, PCA has filed an application to receive the required registration code to claim the cellulosic biofuel producer credit. We expect this registration to be received during the third quarter. PCA has not yet filed a claim for any black liquor credits earned in 2009, since our tax -- 2009 tax return is not due until September 15, 2010. Once the cellulosic biofuel registration is received, PCA can claim the cellulosic biofuel producer credit of $1.01 per gallon instead of the alternative fuel mixture credit of $0.50 per gallon. This would increase our total 2008 and 2009 tax credits to about $370 million or $230 million after-tax, compared to alternative fuel mixture credits of $195 million or a $45 million increase. This increases our remaining tax credits from $96 million to $141 million, which we really use to offset future federal cash taxes owned until the tax credits are fully utilized.
Rick West: I’ll take the second question first. No, because we did not apply for any payments from the government. Instead, we have only been taking credits against our federal cash taxes owed. We do not owe anything back to the government. It’s just been going against our federal cash tax payments. Therefore, we’re different than most in that we treated it from the first day as an income tax credit rather than an excise payment. On the first question, you’re correct in the way we would -- you would look at it. Essentially, our federal cash tax rates are same as the effective federal tax rate. The only taxes we will be paying in the future until we fully utilize the tax credit would be our state income taxes.
Rick West: Yeah. I’m only a [9.5 B], so they’re not that big. The thing I’d mentioned to you, Andy, is we do have a solid team here, including Tom Hassfurther, who runs -- who replaced Bill Sweeney and he has filled those size 13’s amicably and he’s off to a great start. So, we’ve got a good team here and I’m glad you appreciate that.Andy Feinman – Iridian Asset Management: Thanks for the comment.
Mark Kowlzan: Thank you, Rick. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher earnings from a full quarter benefit of our second quarter box price increases and from higher sales volumes and increased mill production. Recycled fiber, wood fiber and fuel costs are also expected to be lower. Considering all of these items and excluding any additional income from black liquor, we currently estimate our third quarter earnings at about $0.60 per share. With that, we’d be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we’ve made on this call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. With that, I’d like to turn it over for questions.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. If you think about July, we’re looking at nine out of the first 21 days and if you consider that it, although it’s a 21-day month, it’s really a 20-day month. The way the holiday broke this year, Friday ended up being pretty much an off-day on July 2. So it turned it into a 20-day month. That being said, if you look at the bookings and billings, we are up about 3.5% over last year’s month on bookings. Billings are up about 1% over last year. The good news is, after the holiday weekend was over, over the last week, the numbers have come back and they are looking fairly good, as we would have expected at this point. But, again, reminding you that Friday and Monday were essentially holiday days.
Mark Kowlzan: Again, I think if you look at our model over the years and you’ve heard Paul talk to this point, we don’t have any particular programs. We just go out every day and we tackle all the difficult tasks, all the hard-to-do things, whether it’s in the box plants or the mills. And one of our strengths, obviously, is we’ve got a tremendous organization and that being said, I don’t see a change in that strategy. Our success has been based on our ability to go and execute and continue to focus on opportunities and realize these opportunities. So, to answer your question, no, I don’t see a change in that direction, that truly is a key to our success and we continue to build on that.
Mark Kowlzan: There are no technical reasons why we could not.George Staphos – Bank of America: Okay. Thanks very much.
Mark Kowlzan: Another good thing about June, we had 22 shipping days. So it was a big month. I mean, up from -- what were we up, three…
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. So we were up a bunch on a short -- on a long month in terms of 22 work days, so total volume was also quite good. We didn’t mention that but I’m glad you brought that question up.
Mark Kowlzan: No. Again, if you think about it, we came out of the shutdowns in the springtime, which is typically -- the mills were in tip-top shape. Everything was ready to run and we executed extremely well and took advantage of that and we certainly needed the tons. So if you think about a normal run rate up in the high 90s as far as in a high run rate, we have the ability to run more than 100% -- 103%, 104% coming out of annuals for a period of time when all of the equipment is in great shape and everything is new, relatively speaking. So we took advantage of that over the last two months now.
Mark Kowlzan: We have the ability to -- and I think Paul has stated that before, regarding Counce and Valdosta, with the projects that have been just completed on the Valdosta machine, with the energy-related capabilities in pressing and drying, heavyweights mainly, we can produce, if we choose to, shipped grade mixed from Counce to Valdosta and take advantage of fiber costs. We could produce more heavyweights on Valdosta if we chose to and take tons out of Counce, whether that’s a seasonal opportunity in the winter when energy costs are higher at Counce or fiber costs are higher. So that capability does exist.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. And Mark, and I think this is something you know and again, I can talk about the past on price. Historically, in this business, the price has been a function of supply and demand. And the cost to produce, it has not played as an important role as the market dynamics, which sets the price and those dynamics are basically price/demand -- excuse me, supply/demand and inventory. And you wish you could just simply pass higher costs through but that’s not been the case historically in this industry. The supply/demand has been the big driver. And again, I’m talking about the past. I’m making no projections about the future.
Mark Kowlzan: No. No, that’s -- again, that will continue to be an opportunity for us to work on and also, not just for the remainder of this year, but we are going to be looking at again starting next summer, when we take the recovery boilers down at Counce for their rebuild. Each boiler is slated to be down approximately 60 days. So we’ve already planned on how we’re going to accommodate our system. But again, this is going to take, through 2011, a lot of strategic planning on how we take care of our customer base. So inventories will remain under pressure until the end of these projects.
Mark Kowlzan: Yeah. I’ll give you a great answer, George, who knows?George Staphos – Bank of America: You know, I think, thank you for that.
Mark Kowlzan: In transit is hard to predict and it evens itself out over a long period of time. I think what you said is correct about June and I think you’d probably have to look at May, June as a two-month average because you had two big holidays in there. You had, in terms of in transit you had Memorial Day and now you’ve got the 4th of July. That thing will level out and we got pretty good sailing through Labor Day and then you can usually get a book a lot at Labor Day. But over a long-term and I know three months is a long time for a lot of people, that thing evens out every quarter and I don’t think it really distorts the numbers very much.George Staphos – Bank of America: All right. Paul, maybe two last quick ones. One, any measurable changes in any of your end markets that we should be aware of either things strengthening or weakening, I realize, obviously, you cover a number of end markets, but any color there would be helpful? And then, secondly, I know, we’ve covered transportation quite a bit. If you needed to ship things -- ship paper by truck at this juncture, are you having difficulty getting trucks or is that now also stabilized? Thanks again. Good luck on the quarter.
Mark Kowlzan: Well, again, minimizing capital, you end up with a lightweight liner machine. If you’re going to try to compete with the existing linerboard industry grade mix, you’re possibly looking at $75 million, $100 million capital expenditure to convert an existing newsprint machine, when you take into effect changes that have to be done in the pulp mill, stock prep, wet end forming and pressing into the dryer. So this is a very, very high capital requirement to compete in the broad…
Tom Hassfurther: Well, I would just say that July might be this year more representative of the years we had prior to 2007, where it started out a little slow at the beginning of the month, then it ramped up towards the end of the month, leading into the busy season of August through October.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. Just to refresh your memory, Mark, maybe two calls ago, I pointed out that one of the things we would like to do is get a power boiler off at Counce during the winter. Because you’ve got to heat up all of that lake water, which is about 35 degrees colder in the winter and that consumes a lot of energy. With the Valdosta project, we now have the flexibility to do that. So our current plans would be, in the winter, try to get -- try to shift maybe 150 tons a day to production at Valdosta vis-à-vis heavyweights and take the steam load down at Counce to get that boiler off and that contributes more to our energy savings.
Tom Hassfurther: …I can’t really talk about that. But I will say that, obviously, on the cost side, we’re very focused on taking advantage of every opportunity we have there and we’re very focused on that. And yeah, there are some opportunities going forward with efficiencies now, that as we grow our inventories a little bit and get them back to where they need to be, there will be some opportunities there as well. You know, what we focus on, Mark, primarily is, is we just make sure that we try to add as much value as we possibly can for our customers. And as long as we do that and we stayed focused on that and the hard-to-do and all the other things we’ve talked about, it’s the most successful strategy for us.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. Said another way, although -- especially with the truck dock addition at Counce, we think we’re doing as good a job as can be done on truck freight. For long distance -- longer distance shipping, truck is still more expensive than rail. So we’ve got to get our inventory to a position where our box plants can wait 10 days for paper vis-à-vis rail instead of requiring we get it there in a day and a half vis-a -- higher-priced trucking. So we’ve got to get more rail and less trucking. We can only do that if we get out of the panic mode on getting paper to our box plants.
Tom Hassfurther: Yeah. We should have, I mean, again, the third quarter is always a very strong quarter for us both in brown side and in display side of the business. So, yeah, we would continue to see that trend going forward.
