Thomas A. Hassfurther: Thank you, Mark. Corrugated product shipments were up 2.1% in total and per work day over a very strong second quarter of last year. As Mark said earlier, in corrugated products, our sales mix was better than we expected when we provided guidance and also compared to last year's second quarter. Part of the richer mix, we believe, is coming from additional higher value-added volume as we migrate the Boise packaging plants towards higher-margin business. We are making progress, but the migration takes time to complete, and we have more work to do. Our outside sales of containerboard were up about 21,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter, with domestic containerboard sales down 4,000 tons and exports up 25,000 tons. Domestic prices were comparable to last year and export prices were lower. I will now turn it back to Mark.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Anthony, this is Tom. I would say that it's very little impact. That was just basically a reflection of what has taken place in the past. So it was no big impact. And of course, we're not big net outside sellers on the West Coast anyway.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah, George. What we've basically been able to do is kind of break PCA's DNA, if you will, to Boise. And you've heard us over the years talk about the kind of mix we run, the hard to do, the things we want to get paid for, et cetera. And so, we've been working hard on both the Boise legacy box plants, the Hexacomb plants and the Tharco plants to be able to do that. There are some segments of the business that quite frankly don't make some sense, and there are others that need to be enhanced. So, we work very hard on doing that. I'm not going to go into great details, but that's essentially what we've done and what we'll continue to do.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Well, Chip, this is Tom. I'll just say this, number one is that's one of the reasons why we're doing D3 in terms of the linerboard because we internally need linerboard in our system. And our purchases, you know, I mean, were very high before. We did the acquisition. We did the D3 conversion mainly because we needed to supply ourselves. And so, we're doing okay. We think we're definitely in a sweet spot, there's no question about that. And you're absolutely right, there is very little growth, if any, in terms of virgin capacity out there. And yet, there is still – that's the primary market. And there's a very large demand for that. And of course, as I think you've stated before, the outside market has shrunk dramatically. So, the integration in terms of demand, not necessarily with supply, but in terms of demand has gotten to the point where anybody looking at doing anything in terms of adding mill capacity, if you don't have it internally integrated, there is very few customers out there that are net buyers in the marketplace.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Yeah, Mark. This is Tom. Yeah. That was – I mean, there is some impact. There is no question about it, but it's very, very small for us.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Probably just say also, I mean, it's provided us an opportunity in the lightweight arena that we didn't have before.
Thomas A. Hassfurther: And that was an area where we purchased and we had a desire for a higher virgin content obviously. So these – the work we're doing on D3 is actually satisfying the demands that we have (43:04).
Thomas A. Hassfurther: Alex, this is Tom. I would say that there are some opportunities. They're limited. Obviously, we were – we initially started this process quite some time ago, and a number of independents have been bought up over this time period that alludes to the fact there's very little outside purchases going on anymore domestically. So, they're not as abundant as they use to be, but there are some opportunities. And obviously, as Mark said, we're exploring any of them that make any sense to us.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thank you, Tom. EBITDA and sales were down in our Paper segment compared to the second quarter of last year, with EBITDA at $37 million and sales of $281 million, or a 13.2% margin compared to the second quarter of 2014, with EBITDA of $45 million excluding special items and sales of $295 million, or a 15.3% margin. I'm pleased with our Paper segment results considering the earnings impact from lower paper prices, which we were able to partially offset with improvements in operations. I'll now turn it over to Judy Lassa, who will provide more operating details.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Thanks, Rick. Before I move to the third quarter outlook, I want to update you on the progress in achieving synergies from the Boise acquisition. As we reported in our fourth quarter earnings call in January 2015, we realized $100 million in synergies in 2014. The remaining $100 million of targeted synergies consists of both capital project initiatives and other identified opportunities, to increase productivity and optimize operations. Through the first half of 2015, we've realized about an additional $30 million of synergies, with more in the second quarter than the first quarter. This brings our total earnings improvement from synergies to $130 million. At the end of the second quarter, our annual run rate realization of synergies is at about $170 million, or 85% of our $200 million synergy target. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect higher containerboard, corrugated products and white paper shipments, and lower mill annual outage costs and lower chemical costs. White paper prices are expected to be lower with announced price changes in industry trade publications. And finally, the September outage on D3 machine at DeRidder will result in about 13,000 tons of lost production. Considering these items, we expect the third quarter earnings of $1.28 per share. Finally, yesterday, we announced that our board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional $150 million of the company's outstanding common stock. Together with the remaining authority under previously announced programs, the company can repurchase $205 million of additional shares. This share repurchase program, together with our dividend increases announced earlier this year, demonstrates PCA's strong operating performance and cash generation, as well as our continuing commitment to return value to shareholders. With that, we'll be happy to entertain any questions, but I must remind you that some of the statements we made on the call constituted forward-looking statements. These statements were based on current estimates, expectations and projections of the company and involve inherent risks and uncertainties including the direction of the economy and those identified as risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K on file with the SEC. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. And with that, operator, I'd like to open the call to questions please.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. Anthony, if you go back to the April call when we talked about coming out of the March outage, we explained the problems we had had with the vendor-supplied equipment on D1. And so, we were essentially running a crippled to that period of time until we could get the corrected hardware. And also we're still ramping up D3 and working on overall cost efficiencies and productivity and continuing to fine-tune the grade mix. But we've learned very quickly on D1 how to overcome the vendor issues. And by the end of April, we had the corrected equipment supplied to us. We took the downtime and primarily changed out few of the components that had to be corrected and then came on strong with the machine for the month of May and June on D1. So, D1's proven to be very successful. We're very pleased with where we are with the work we did. And then D3, we talk on the call that we are – it's that basically 80% range in terms of 1,000 ton a day goal. And so, we moved up in productivity and efficiency and achieved our goals in terms of product trialing and also worked on cost. And so, D3 has proven to come on very quickly. And then we also identified during the same time, and this is going into your question about the September outage. We had mentioned that we're going to install probably four dryer cans during the September outage. We realized that with the benefits of the capability to produce linerboard that we had additional dryers available. So rather than just take an outage and then install four dryers, we have the ability to install additional dryers and rearrange the last section on a machine to achieve this. And so we're actually installing six new dryers, and we are rearranging some of the earlier section dryer cans, so that we have a full dedicated high-pressure section, which will ensure us that we have the ability to dry at 1,000 ton a day rate.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah. We're still standing by the $60 million EBITDA, which – or $0.09 per share per quarter basis. We still have that as our target. And the 355,000 tons a year is based on the 1,000 ton a day productivity on the machine.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah, let me start that off and then we'll turn it over to Tom. And if you think about the acquisition when we acquired Boise, there were few different parts of Boise. One of them is the Tharco business, which are really a stock-block business and the Hexacomb business which, at the time of the acquisition, were being run as separate entities within the Boise system. And so, we quickly identified the opportunities to integrate that entire system. I'm going to let Tom elaborate on it now.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I think from an operational standpoint, certainly one of the benefits comes in freight, and that's getting the business to run in the right place. So, businesses move back and forth depending on best locations. And in addition, we did have – this was seasonally stronger in the second quarter than we actually thought. I'll just add that especially in the ag business in the Pacific Northwest, with the record heat they had out there, the crops came in earlier than they expected. So that was somewhat of a lift for us as well.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Our early third quarter trends, and we've only got about 10 or 11 days of July to base that on, but we're up about 2% again over the previous year, which of course was a larger number and a good year than previous year. So we're kind of tracking about the same. Regarding some of these promotional trends and things like that, I think we saw a little bit of that a little earlier in the second quarter than we typically would. And – but I think overall, it's pretty stable.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Where we are – we've committed to the fact that we know we're running the machine obviously better than we did at the beginning of 2Q. And as we ended up the quarter, we started 3Q. We're somewhere in that 90% of goal range. But more than that, we really worked on the quality and the cost input, the performance of the machine, it's running extremely well. And we fully expect that the financials will be there. The extra tons in terms of finishing up the incremental tons to get to the $1,000 (sic) [1,000 tons] (26:45) target, your overhead is already covered. And so, the contribution is very significant. So, going from the $0.06 2Q earnings contribution to the goal of the $0.09 is what we're planning on and we see that as achievable. Again, the machine's performing very well and its cost structure is very competitive with the rest of our system.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Regarding the capital level for next year, until we have a better chance to really assess what the opportunities are, we're going to say that our CapEx for 2016 would be in the same range of $275 million to $300 million, and that's providing that we have opportunities, now which – obviously we've identified various things that we're analyzing. That being said, we plan on looking at a shutdown plan for next year. I mean, we saw the opportunity to move up some of these items that would have waited until next year, some boiler work, pulp mill work that will give us an immediate advantage in terms of operating efficiency at the mills coming out of September. So, again, that does change how we look at the outage plan for 2016. Hopefully, all the work we're doing at DeRidder allows us to get DeRidder going forward into the normal shutdown mode that we see in our legacy system. Don't forget, I mean, this year hasn't been just about D3, the mill. We've worked on over 300 various capital projects at the mill that was part of that capital spend for the year. So we're very, very aggressively going after opportunities to capture the benefits at DeRidder.
Mark W. Kowlzan: That's really speculative. We'll continue to focus and fine-tune on the great mix opportunities. And as Tom grows his business, it gives us that much more flexibility with how we supply the box plant's needs now. But truly, I'd only be speculating on anything regarding that question.
Mark W. Kowlzan: You know, again, historically, we've always looked at opportunities, we've always been conservative. We consider what the value of an acquisition would be? What the returns would be? How much you're going to pay? What's the multiples? But, yes, to your point, we're obviously – the balance sheet's in good condition. And so, if the right opportunity came along, as we've said over the years, we'd be evaluating it.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Let me answer it this way. We plan on continuing to grow it in the manner that we've done over the last 15 years. And again, that's taking advantage of opportunities in terms of being mindful of the margins from the business. And looking at what that contribution is from each component of business you take. So, but yes, I mean, the plan hasn't changed, the model hasn't changed. And so we certainly have the – the bigger footprint actually gives us more flexibility and more opportunity to go out and continue doing what we've done. So, that's our plan.
Mark W. Kowlzan: I think where we are right now, we're satisfying what Tom needs in his box plants. That being said, we have an enormous amount of flexibility on the machine because of the virgin capability on a machine making the high performance liner. But this 70%-30%, 75%-25% range that we're at is ideal for us right now, but reserving that condition as things change, we certainly have an enormous capability to move with whatever Tom needs.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I'm going to answer that a couple different ways. First, we don't have any plans to convert anything. But also, we talked on the last few calls about the complexity of that. And then, again, and I've stated this over the number of years that you can convert anything to do anything, but again, at what cost and about what opportunity. DeRidder was a unique example because we have the virgin kraft fiber that we made available to the machine. And so, it not only, not only made sense at the time to convert it to the medium production as originally planned two years ago, but because we had the virgin kraft availability, it was that much more compelling for us. But that being said, it takes a unique set of technical capability, a lot of what we did on the machine was our own in-house technical expertise. So, again, the degree of difficulty is great, the cost is great, and again, you have to weigh that with your opportunities. So, that's how I want to answer that.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, it's pretty flat actually, Philip. But, we did, of course, tell you that exports were up about $0.02. So that was a bit of a headwind for us. But other than that, we continue, as we talk about, to manage our mix and continue to proceed forward with that and start to transition some of this – continue to transition this Boise legacy business, (53:02) into kind of what PCA's model, little bit more like PCA model.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Again, we've stated that the goal is $200 million of synergies. And we are quickly approaching that on a run rate basis. We've also mentioned in the past, we've got some discrete opportunities and the biggest opportunity that is looking at us right now is the International Falls turbine generator, which will come on line at the end of September. So, that's another example of how we get to the final run rate, $200 million goal in synergies. But as Paul mentioned earlier also, synergies typically associated with bringing two companies together and then integrating the companies. And so the goal of getting the $200 million by the end of 2016, we see us finishing up the integration into next year. And obviously, we're well on our way to accomplishing the $200 million run rate goal. And that being said, after that, the opportunities are just to continue to be accretive for the company as we go forward, as we've done in the legacy business. But I don't want to speculate on anything else on synergies except that we've got – identified a number of discrete opportunities that we're very comfortable with.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Well, I think, if you look at some of the – if you just look at some of the industry trends, obviously, e-commerce has been strong and continues to grow. The housing market, depending, if you're in straight building materials, that's – you can just go on housing starts and kind of dictate what kind of demand you're going to have there. I think remodeling and that sort of stuff has probably picked up just a little bit. Those are reasonably strong. But you can go through lots and lots of segments and come up with a lot of different answers here. So I would just leave it at that and just say that on an overall basis, I mean, you know what the demand is doing for boxes and it's tracking a lot closer to GDP and certainly very close to the non-durable numbers. And I think that will continue to be the same going forward.
Mark W. Kowlzan: That's something that we consider proprietary. But again, we have the capability with the pulp mill right now to supply again the current ratio is between OCC and virgin kraft. Again, it's no different than what we're doing at Counce. So again, we've got a lot of flexibility there. But I don't want to get into the specific ratios of virgin versus recycled in the sheets.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Yeah, I'm going to let Paul get into that. That's a board matter, and we've discussed that in depth at the board level.
Mark W. Kowlzan: Okay. With that, operator, we're out of time, so I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today, and I look forward to talking with you on October for the third quarter call. Have a good day. Thank you.
Judith M. Lassa: Thank you, Mark. Office paper shipments, which represent about 65% of our volume, were up 3,000 tons compared to last year's second quarter, or 1.7%. Printing and converting shipments were also about 6,000 ton over last year's second quarter. Pressure-sensitive paper shipments were down about 8,000 tons compared to last year, driven by market conditions and pulp shipments were up about 2,000 tons versus last year. Paper prices were down compared to last year's second quarter, driven primarily by changes in industry trade publications for major grades and changes in the mix of paper products we sold. With the most recent published paper price decrease of $10 per ton, the current published price per office paper is $35 per ton lower than the average price for the second quarter of 2014. Fortunately, we've been able to offset some of the earnings reduction from lower published paper prices and mix changes with continued improvements in both paper mill cost and productivity. During the second quarter, we also completed annual outages at the International Falls, Minnesota and Wallula, Washington mills. Wood costs were comparable to last year, while energy, chemical and freight costs were lower than last year's second quarter. I will now turn it over to Rick West.
Judith M. Lassa: Yes, this is Judy. So a couple reasons, Q2 of last year, we were still selling discontinued pressure-sensitive grades out of I-Falls as a result of both of the closure. Also, the strong dollar is impacting our international sales, as well as kind of having a weaker demand globally. We've also had some mix changes domestically. So we really think this will improve as we ramp up those new products on W3. It's a pretty long transition time because they're very technical, very – but we've got a lot of things in the hopper right now.
Judith M. Lassa: Philip, this is Judy. So, third quarter is a seasonally stronger quarter, so our expectation that that would still happen, that will help us. It usually has a typically a heavier mix to the office side of the business. And, of course, with no planned outages and no J1 turbine incident and our mills running better on costs and productivity, we would hope for that to improve. As far as the tariff situation, the preliminary ruling, cut size imports to date are down about 33,000 tons through June with about 21,000 of that being in 2Q. But we really haven't seen any of the effects of that in the market yet. But as customer inventory decrease, we expect to see some impact. How much? We're not really sure at this time. That remains to be seen. The short answer there, it's really too early to tell what's going to happen.
Richard B. West: Thank you, Judy. As mentioned earlier, earnings improved by about $0.04 per share compared to the second quarter of last year from a lower tax rate. Our second quarter 2015 effective tax rate of 35% was about 2% lower than the second quarter last year primarily due to an increased domestic manufacturers' deduction, resulting from having less tax net operating losses applied against taxable income that we had – the net tax operating losses were acquired with the acquisition of Boise. The third quarter tax rate is expected to be about the same as the second quarter of 2015. As shown on slide six, cash provided by operations in the second quarter was $196 million after deducting $78 million in cash tax payments for federal and state income taxes. Other uses of cash included capital expenditures of $86 million, common stock dividends of $54 million, share repurchases of $36 million and a scheduled term loan payment of $2 million. We ended the quarter with $164 million of cash on hand. I'll now turn it back over to Mark.
Richard B. West: George, this is Rick. In the 2Q-to-2Q bridge table, if you look at the components that we talked about, it's really in all of the areas. We had said in our – in fact, in our second quarter 2014 conference call that the packaging mills, we were looking for productivity, optimization and cost reduction. In our white paper mills, we were looking for just basic improvement. In our box plants, we said in the second quarter of 2014, we were looking at optimization of box plant operations and also lower corporate overhead. And so, when you look at the 2Q-over-2Q, a lot of that is driven in each of the areas, as you can see, in the volume area, an optimization, and as we said on the call, productivity does two things for you, it's not just giving tons that makes it a cheaper mill cost per ton produced, and I think you can see that in our energy and chemical costs, somewhat in labor and benefit costs. So in terms of the synergy realization, it's coming in each of those areas as part of the bridge. We don't specifically bring it up because there's other things we do.
Richard B. West: And, Chip, let me just add to that. DeRidder is a huge mill. The good news is – we have some problems at DeRidder. And the good news is, when we overcome those problems, that's going to get more money to the bottom line. Mainly, there's opportunities at DeRidder that we can capitalize down the road that were not in the original synergy plan. In other words, when we put our original synergy plan together to tell you what happens when you put the two companies together, immediately, what are the benefits? But after you do that, and we're pretty close to having that done, then you get into normal, continuous improvement-type activity. So, just because we'll be done with the $200 million in synergies, that does not mean – that was just an initial one-shot program, you get these synergies. But there'll be a long-term operations improvement program at DeRidder as exists in all of our mills, and we continue to want to take costs out of our system, and that will happen. And that's kind of reflective also on D3. We're highly confident that this dryer change will get us everything we want from that machine. What's really significant about that, in our original design, we contemplated making a lot more medium than we are. And we complicated the drying situation on that machine when we're making probably two-thirds linerboard on that machine. So, not only will we get to the 1,000 tons a day, we'll get to it a much tougher grade to make than we originally contemplated. Now, beyond that, looking down the road a year or two, I certainly feel that I'd be disappointed if we can't get more out of that machine in terms of lower cost and a little more productivity, but that's down the road a year or so until we get through with the first phase of this operation, and that's the point Mark made earlier. But I wanted to emphasize it.
Richard B. West: Yes, Mark. Just to give you what we've said previously, we had said, of course, it was $0.15 actual in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we had guided to $0.16, we were able to pick up $0.01 with lower cost at our I-Falls mill, so the second quarter was an actual of $0.15. As we go to the third quarter, we were looking at $0.09, but that's up to $0.11 in the third quarter, the DeRidder outage for 13 days is an extra $0.04 per share. But we were able to reduce the Jackson outage by $0.01 per share, so the net difference would be $0.02 lower in the third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, we had said $0.19, and it's up to $0.20 with that. So we're now at $0.61 of annual outage cost compared to $0.59. So a pickup of $0.04 from DeRidder, but a reduction of $0.02 with the I-Falls second quarter, and the Jackson third quarter.
Richard B. West: No. As we said previously in the second – in our first quarter call, you'd probably look at a normal year of about $0.55 a share, $0.56. It's premature because it depends upon the amount of work you would do. But considering the fact that we had the extended outage at DeRidder in the first quarter, it'd probably be more in line still with about $0.55 or $0.56.
Richard B. West: Without getting too far ahead of ourselves, we're continuing to make operational improvements. The business does not require an inordinate amount of capital to take care. And so, it generates a lot of cash. And we stated this on prior calls, in spite of some of the markets pressures, it's a good cash generator and it doesn't take a lot of our attention right now in terms of resources. And so that being said, we're going to continue just running the business for the time being. And – but we will obviously assess all opportunities that come along in the future.
Richard B. West: Let me go back and – last year, when we were into the full first year of integration of the Boise legacy systems and giving us a West Coast presence of Pacific Northwest primarily, but a bigger West Coast presence. And looking at how we supplied the system with tons, obviously, you're reaching out further on a transportation cost basis. And then with the transportation issues, with the trucking availability, trucking costs, rail availability, rail cost, we realized obviously it makes sense to reassess the overall inventory in our box plant system. And so, where we had assumed we would run it obviously was not an ideal situation. And so, we talked about this in the last October's call that we intended to move our inventories up to take that into account. And then as we work through 1Q and 2Q, I think where we are today, we're feeling comfortable that this is a manageable inventory at the year-over-year higher level. That being said, it's all being determined by what happens with transportation availability and cost. But again, I think where we are in today's world, our inventory is around a manageable level and a necessary level for us to service our customers.
Richard B. West: The actual number for last quarter, which is one-fourth of the year, was 56,000 tons. So if you multiply that by four, you can see if we continue at that rate, we'll see the 200,000 tons. And the reason is we're growing. So not only do you have to add the 200,000 tons of outside, you're going to add the tons we'll need (43:38) growth, and you know, our growth this year is up a couple of percent, then a couple of percent on a big number gives you a fair amount of tons to add to that total. So, we'll be well over the 200,000 ton target.
Richard B. West: And I guess from a perspective, I just want to make it very clear because you raised an important point, we don't let the money burn a hole in our pocket. If we've got a lot of cash, that doesn't mean we're just going to go out and spend it. If we didn't have enough cash and it was a terrific M&A opportunity, we'd borrow the money. So, we look at an M&A not from a respect that we've got the money. We look at it strictly, is it a good thing to do? So, the fact that we have money, it's a consideration, but it is far from the main consideration.
Richard B. West: Yeah, I might add this, Mark. Your question is hard to answer until you know what the demand situation is out there. But in an ideal world, what D3 should make would be above 75% liner and 25% medium. And the only reason medium fits in there is that it would supply only a very low cost freight on medium. So it's a lot cheaper to ship medium into the Metroplex in Dallas from DeRidder than it is from Tomahawk, Wisconsin or Filer City. So that's a big freight savings when you can do that. And linerboard always wins over medium unless the freight penalty changed that equation. So, if the demand for liner gets higher, you might have to eat some freight. But again, in an ideal world, 75%-25% right now unless the marketplace changes.
Richard B. West: Yeah. But an important aspect of that question, and I'll add to it, is that we also want to pursue – we're not only working on paper machines. We're also working on pulping capacity at DeRidder because if and when, and I think it's more a question when, OCC prices start to go up again, and if they go up a lot, we like the fiber flexibility of being able to put in more virgin and eliminate OCC in the facility and not be dependent on it totally. And so, pulp capacity to us, virgin pulp capacity is another very important part of what DeRidder brought us. And that's the same model that we use at Counce, same flexibility.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman: And George, this is Paul Stecko. One real simple fact that substantiates what Rick said, once we got DeRidder in a position to make the optimum grade, not optimum for DeRidder but optimum for our system. All three mills, Counce, Valdosta, and DeRidder had all-time production records. And that translates into very good cost also. So...
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman: The fact that we produced those – that level of efficiency on cost and volume is a testament of the integration that got put into place once DeRidder could do its thing.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman: And, Chris, just to amplify on that, this is Paul Stecko. It's only, our EBITDA in the white business is about 12% of our total EBITDA. And that number will decrease over time as, if we grow the brown business as we like. But that 12% or 13% of EBITDA doesn't require a lot of capital support. And we like that free cash and we like having the ability to do something with it. And so, the white business has performed in line with our expectations and maybe beat it a little bit because of the synergies.
Paul T. Stecko - Chairman: Yeah. What we've said, George, is we're opportunistic. And if the stock is down and we think the reason is not a good reason. And my favorite comparison is every time for the past couple of years, there were problems in Greece, we got hit by it too, and we don't have any plans in Greece. We don't sell any paper to Greece. So, why are we being hit? And we used that opportunity to buy stock. So, we don't have a list of specific types of opportunities. You look at what's going on at the time and you make a decision. And at times, we have bought stock just to buy some and keep up with our buying program, but we mix that with opportunities. So, we just don't sit around and wait for an opportunity that may or may not materialize. We have a plan to buy so much stock over some period of time, but we'll accelerate or de-accelerate that rate depending on what we see in the marketplace. So, that's kind of a long-winded answer to your question.
