Julie Rosen: Thank you, Gina. Across the portfolio, year-to-date, we maintained our unit market share driven by increases in Home Fragrance offset by declines in Body Care and Soaps and Sanitizers. In the quarter, Home Fragrance and Body Care sales were down low single digits to last year, with soaps and sanitizers declining mid-single digits. As Gina mentioned, the semiannual sales did not perform to our expectations, and while it affected performance across all categories, it disproportionately affected Body Care. Our store presentation and marketing did not initially resonate with our customers. We adjusted the messaging and floor sets, and while the results improved, performance remained below expectations. We will continue to evaluate and evolve our approach to the sale to optimize performance, including timing, marketing, merchandising, and other considerations. Moving to other highlights, customers have responded favorably to the innovation we've rolled out this year. We are leaning into what is working. Focusing on adjacencies, the men's business continues to be one of our fastest growing categories in Body Care during the second quarter, as we highlighted Father's Day. As Gina mentioned, there is an exciting opportunity to capture new customers by growing customer awareness for this category. As planned, we fully rolled out our lip fixture and expanded assortment to nearly all North American stores during the quarter. Lip continues to attract a younger customer while also doubling sales of Lip in those stores year-to-date. Laundry will roll out to all US stores by the end of September, accompanied by the launch of a national advertising campaign to accelerate customer awareness and adoption. Focusing on the core, we recently launched our Everyday Luxuries Collection in all North American stores. This prestige inspired line, initially tested in 600 stores during the first quarter, is a great opportunity to excite our existing customers while introducing new customers to our brand. The full rollout is generating customer excitement and buzz. Also generating excitement and buzz is the recent launch of Part 2 of our Stranger Things collaboration. Whether it's Bridgerton or Stranger Things, these collaborations are exciting traffic drivers as we evolve the Bath & Body Works brand to reach new customer segments. We have additional exciting collaboration offerings planned for later in the year. We are continuing to drive fragrance innovation key to our core business. Today, we're building on the success with current on-trend fragrances in the marketplace such as vanilla and milk. We also have two significant cross category fragrance launches planned for the fall season. While our customers continue to seek newness and innovation, they are also looking for value. This was evident in the performance of our soap refills and small size products like travel, which both grew nicely in the quarter. We will appropriately position our mix of good, better, best to meet the consumer where they are while maintaining margin. As Gina noted, value is a combination of price and quality. Our new marketing will reassert our product attributes such as America's most loved candle brand. Our candles provide tremendous quality for the money and our marketing will convey the value more directly. In summary, we are amplifying what worked in the first half of the year through storytelling and marketing. We are layering in big launches like everyday luxuries and new collaborations. We have new fragrances coming in our core categories and we are building on the results we are generating in men's hair, lip and laundry as we engage more customers with these offerings. We are well positioned to execute in the second half of the year. I want to thank our teams for all their work delivering a special experience to our customers this quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Eva.
Julie Rosen: Hey Kate, it's Julie, I'll take this question. So I think that semiannual sale didn't really resonate with customers the way it usually does because the store and the marketing didn't clearly convey that this was a tentpole major sale event. It was mostly positioned at the front of the store. It didn't really scream sale across the entire store, and there was maybe a little bit too much elevation. We know that our customer likes newness along with sale, and we're balancing the elevation and the sale at the same time, so we definitely had some learnings there. We immediately used our agile business model to adjust our messaging and floor sets, and while results improved, the performance remained below our expectations. We did end the sale in clean inventory position, so we feel that we manage the pricing well. We are taking the learnings to evolve next year's sale to make it more impactful. So, yes, we are evaluating the timing and the customer mindset. Timing was exactly the same this year as it was last year, as was duration, but the customer was not quite there in the mindset of a full-on sale, so we are looking at the timing. We are looking at the marketing. We are looking at merchandising, and then just other considerations to optimize performance of both the sale and the full-price floor sets surrounding the period on either side.
Julie Rosen: Hey Dana, it's Julie, nice to hear from you. So I think in the sale some of the things that we are thinking we do differently as I mentioned is timing. I do think that we need to sort of get more in sync with the market and what the right timing is. If we move the timing of our sale, Dana, it enables us to let our first delivery of summer live a little bit longer. We had nice success there this year and it's crunched in three weeks. So I'm excited about the opportunity about moving out the timing and giving both of the newness drops on either end of the sale an opportunity to really sell and to really be able to tell our story. As far as the new adjacencies, they're new, right, and they're all at different stages of their rollout. So just as a reminder hair rolled out in Q1. We are testing and tinkering not only pricing. I'm sure if you follow us what you do, you can see we have an everyday deal we've tried at a certain price. We offer a bundle at a certain price. We're trying to figure out the sweet spot of pricing for all of these adjacencies and gain trial because they're new. We also launched our travel size shampoo and conditioner this quarter, a great way to gain trial. And then we have men's, which has been in all stores for a while, but we've rolled out some new ideas there that we're continuing again to figure out what is the right AUR, what is the right way to attract more men to our brand. Lip, you know we're super excited about. We just rolled that out just in July. So it's only been a month to all North American stores. We have a routine of scrub masks tint and it's really resonating with customers. And the exciting thing here is we're seeing a younger customer. We see them linger at the new fixture, play with the assortment and then purchase. And year-to-date sales have been doubling in those stores. And then laundry is just rolling out to all stores in the end of September. And that's going to allow us to really have full marketing support. So it's hard for me to tell you which one is going to be better than the other cause they all haven't been equally in all stores. But as always, we test, optimize and roll. And then we continue to use our agile model to test for the best outcomes.
Julie Rosen: Hi there, it's Julie. I will take the candles and sanitizers question and then pass it back to Gina for the marketing. So as a reminder, candle performance was impacted by the right sizing of our single wick. We exited our mason jar forms. We are using that space for newer, more productive categories. Our Stranger Things initial launch was all candle based. So we're trying to use some of these collabs to surprise and delight our customers to increase our sales in candles and gain some relevancy there. We do know that customers are gravitating towards values. So we've been repositioning our single wick to amplify our value. As far as sanitizers go, we are also in sanitizers. We continue to be impacted by the exit of the full size sanitizer. But I do want to point out that our PocketBac continues to perform. It performed well above shop. We launched a moisturizing PocketBac in Q1 and our customer continues to respond positively. And that is along the lines of what we're always trying to do, which is to innovate in our core.
Gina Boswell: Thank you, Eva. To close, despite a dynamic environment, Bath & Body Works has maintained its overall unit share performance year-to-date, driven by the strength of our category portfolio, deep loyalty and love for our brand, and the exceptional customer experience our associates provide to our customers every day. Our Fuel for Growth plan is on track, and it allows us to continue making investments in technology, innovation, marketing, and loyalty. While our Q2 performance and a choppier macro have tempered our expectations for the second half of the year, we are laser-focused on execution and controlling the controllables. I'm confident we have the right plan in place and are taking the right actions to position the business to navigate the near-term environment and deliver long-term sustainable, profitable growth and shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Gina Boswell: Thank you for the question. On the first part, we do have a wide array of price points, as I said, and the good, better, best, it's really value at every one of those levels. And so in my remarks, I mentioned about elevating value. We have just enormous, and hopefully you've seen some of the slides showing the most loved candle. For our categories and our products, we offer tremendous value embedded. And so when we look at good, better, best, we can meet the customers wherever they are at. So if we find a very value-seeking customer. We can distort more towards good if that's sort of where we think they are. Similarly, better, best, you see this in all the different categories that we have. We also use our promotion levels as well to make sure that we're meeting their mindset. So we're happy with the broad assortment that we have. And actually, as we sit at the intersection of math and prestige, whether there's people coming in, coming out, we feel like we have something here, and we definitely will be speaking more to the value that we offer. Now, value in general is, as you well know, not just about the price. It's about the quality, and frankly, it's about the experience. So, as a customer, just stepping back, if you're looking at all three of those, we're going to be sharper on all. And that's why I'm really thrilled with our vertically integrated model too because the experience in the stores being sort of industry leading is also part of what value brings. So, we're excited about good, better, best. Now, in terms of marketing, what's working, we only started, I guess, a couple of quarters ago, our full funnel marketing, and that has been designed, obviously, to grow traffic, to grow new customers, to reach existing customers, and to reactivate any lapsed customers. It's only a couple quarters in place, but it's really moving the needle on awareness. We've seen awareness increases, we've seen familiarity increases, and of course, ultimately over time, move down the funnel to more conversion. Now, when we combine the marketing, which we have seen, obviously, combined with newness and innovation, and the compelling price value proposition, it really pays off, and we think that will continue to build. The collabs, as well, those are driving excitement to our core and putting the brand at the center of culture, and that's important from a marketing perspective, as well as a product. And then, leveraging TikTok to catch a younger customer, I think that's going to be exciting, as well. A few things more on this. Stranger Things, the first part of that, we drove 20 million video views, and I think the best TikTok ever. So, this marketing is really, I think putting us at the center of culture and attracting people and driving traffic as it needs to do. So we're confident with our plans to use marketing and our product, and our entire value proposition to grow customership, and we have seen improvements from a year ago.
Gina Boswell: And as for the various initiatives to drive traffic in the second half, this is Gina. There's lots here. We're really confident in the back half because in part, we have talked about this prestige-inspired line that's just actually launched full board this week in all North America stores and online. That's a big opportunity for us to excite our existing customers, but also introduce new customers. And we've amplified our marketing behind that. We're also building on the success. Julie mentioned this in her remarks. But a lot of trend, on -trend fragrances, such as vanilla and milk, and watching those perform in the second half will be, I'm sure, contributing. And then we have some things that we can't yet talk about. But we have one more collab. We have two significant cross-category fragrance launches planned for the fall season. And the fact that we will have some of the new adjacencies now in all stores gives us more excitement for the second half.
Gina Boswell: So thank you for the question. It is true that these everyday luxuries sit below about TikTok. They weren't in all of our stores, by the way, which is why bringing them back in the way that we're doing is really important to leverage that even further. We are early days. We are learning on TikTok Shop. We will be using TikTok Shop for at least a portion of our categories. And so we don't have some of the details yet to share around content creators, but we will be using their shop itself, which as you know, is a more frictionless, convenient experience. And like most things at Bath & Body Works, we test and react and tinker, and we will have more to share I'm sure at upcoming quarters.
Gina Boswell: And as relates to the marketing spend, obviously, we're spending across different channels in marketing and across different categories. So you'll see some of the candle advertising as well supporting that. But I think your question was focused on the right level over time. And what we are doing, we're spending more, obviously because we're putting full funnel marketing in place and we're watching that work through marketing mix modeling to make sure that we actually have the highest ROAs for sure, but also the impact to the whole shop and bringing relevancy and familiarity and awareness and all of those things that I mentioned. So as we continue to test that, we'll either add to that or reallocate across different marketing expenditures. But my sense is that we will have more to go in terms of getting to competitive benchmarks there. But right now, we like what we see. The investments that we're making in marketing have strong profit accretive returns, and they have positively impacted the trend, going back to Q3 of last year, actually. So we know that when we get the right levels and we combine it with a compelling price value equation, that we're going to see benefits from the full funnel marketing investment.
Gina Boswell: And then as far as your question about candles and pricing, as I mentioned, we know that we have a very value-seeking customer out there right now. And we are using our single wick as a way to gain share and really promote the great price for the value. And that together with really talking about value in quality ways, is really important. And so really pushing on the most loved candle for our three wicks, as well as using the single wick, I think will meet the requirements. I think we have time for one more question, please.
Gina Boswell: And your question on the broader promo environment in the back half, all I can say is that we do our promo environment as dynamically as anyone leveraging our agile model, so we'll continue to do that. And we have been seeing a discerning consumer for some time, and the macro has gotten choppier, but we feel well positioned to use that agile model in the back half as well.
Eva Boratto: Yes, thanks for the question, Simeon. On free cash flow, obviously a benefit from taking our CapEx down. You have some other moving pieces on working capital assumptions. Overall, we're pleased where our free cash flow stands, some impacts of the Easton transaction as well.
Eva Boratto: Yes, this is Eva. Lorraine, I'll start with the full year and then take you through the quarters. Our reduction in our sales guidance is really attributable to the sales trends that we saw. We are seeing a more value-seeking customer now versus our prior expectations, and as we said, the macro is choppier. Also, the pace of growth that we're seeing from our new customers is taking longer. So overall, they're the core drivers. As you look at the dynamics between Q3 and Q4, we do have the shorter holiday season, right, five days shorter. We're working to utilize periods outside of between Black Friday and Christmas to drive our Q4 performance. But that is a key difference as we look at the quarterly trends.
Eva Boratto: Thanks, Alex. This is Eva. I'll take that question. We did experience more cautious consumers throughout the quarter. We saw traffic pressure throughout the quarter consistent with external market data points. As we look going forward, well, sorry, on the quarter, SAS did pressure us more, that one month period of SAS excluding that sales were down about one. From a positive, customers did respond to our newness. And as we exited the quarter at the tail end of the quarter, traffic improved and has been stronger in the first parts of Q3 here. And we've just had some exciting launches with everyday luxuries and stranger things. And so overall, we're looking forward to the quarter.
Eva Boratto: Yes, Matt. Regarding Q3, as I said earlier, traffic has improved relative to Q2. Our performance to date is contemplated in line in our guidance range that we provided, and we just launched some of our newness with everyday luxuries and stranger things, and we're really excited.
Eva Boratto: Great. Thanks for the question. This is Eva. I will take your third question and your first question in that order. On the cost savings, listen, we're really pleased with what we've been able to deliver with our cost savings initiative. It's allowing us to reinvest in the business overall at the same time, improving our sustainable cost structure. But to your specific question about the increase, it was really changes in move, some of our value engineering on our supply chain side, and just continued work that we do on SG&A. Going back to your AUR question, during Q2, AURs were up 1%. I just want to emphasize that was mixed driven. So on a comparable mixed basis, we were flat. And as we look to the back part of the year, we're not providing specific AUR guidance. We want to make sure in this environment that we utilize one of our strengths, our agility to promote and to drive traffic where we need to. And as we do that, we'll always balance both driving revenue as well as delivering our margin expectations.
Eva Boratto: Hi, Kelly. This is Eva. Let me start with your promotion question. Overall, our promotions were comparable for the quarter. We use our agile model when we promote the duration, the depth. We did introduce some new promotions to drive traffic and excite our customers, and we were pleased with the outcome. So I'm not going to call up semiannual sales specifically. It's a lever we use to drive our business. Moving to your question on raw material costs. Overall, I would say, most key raw materials continue to stabilize or trend down slightly. We realized benefits last year, those continue. So no big change to call out here.
Eva Boratto: Yes. This is Eva. In terms of our full year guidance, we do expect international sales to be down in the back half, mid to high single digits. That's driven by the regions affected by the war. I also mentioned that there was some pull forward in Q2. In terms of direct versus stores, right, we focus on an omnichannel experience. Focus has continued to grow nicely for us. We have now annualized our anniversary, but it continues to deliver growth.
