Wendy Arlin: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Bath & Body Works First Quarter Earnings Conference Call for the period ended April 30, 2022. As a matter of formality, I need to remind you that any forward-looking statements we may make today are subject to our safe harbor statements found in our SEC filings and in our press releases.  Joining me on the call today are Executive Chair of the Board and Interim CEO, Sarah Nash; and Brand President, Julie Rosen. All results we discuss on the call today are adjusted results and exclude the significant items as described in our press release. All results we discuss today represent the continuing operations of the Bath & Body Works business as the spun off Victoria's Secret business has been classified as discontinued operations.  I'll now turn the call over to Sarah. 
Wendy Arlin: Thank you, Sarah. I will be providing financial highlights, but I encourage you to review our slides, posted remarks, and press release, which each contain additional details. We exceeded our sales and earnings guidance for the first quarter, as Sarah noted. In the quarter, we increased net sales by 2%, excluding the estimated first quarter 2021 sales benefit of $50 million related to government stimulus payments. The company's net sales in the first quarter of '22 is on top of 53% net sales growth between fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2021. We are confident in our ability to maintain and grow sales and our customer file over time.  In the United States and Canadian stores, first quarter sales were $1.059 billion, an increase of 1% compared to last year. First quarter direct net sales were $317.5 million, a decrease of 9% compared to last year. The decline is partially due to last year's strong results, as well as our customers utilizing our convenient, omni focused option of buy online, pick up in stores.  We ended the first quarter with FOCUS availability in over 700 stores. We plan to fully roll out BOPIS availability during the course of the year with the goal to be in approximately 75% of our store fleet by fall. We are excited about the role of BOPIS as it drives customer engagement and traffic to our stores.  Our international business, which is a key opportunity for us, continues to drive strong growth for our business.  Looking ahead, in 2022, we are accelerating investments in capabilities in the business to support long-term growth. And there are also macro factors such as inflation that will impact our results. These investments and macro pressures, which we outlined in detail in our commentary released yesterday, could cause this year to vary from our 3- to 5-year growth algorithm. However, we remain committed to that algorithm, including targeted sales growth and profitability.  We, like many other companies, are continuing to experience increased costs in raw materials, transportation and wage rates. We are forecasting incremental pressure versus our initial estimate, and we now estimate that our full year inflation impact could range between $225 million and $250 million or about $75 million higher than our initial estimate. Our speed and agility enables us to manage pricing and promotional activity to maximize margin dollars.  We continue to invest in the customer experience and have been piloting our customer loyalty program. based on encouraging results we have decided to accelerate the rollout of the program to August. Our loyalty members have higher spend and retention rates than our average customer. Thus, we expect that the loyalty program will drive sales and customer retention, deepening our relationships with our customers over the long term.  Equally as important, we believe that over time, our loyalty program will further increase data-driven analytics and marketing, which will support personalized communications and offers.  As we discussed last quarter, we are also investing to establish separate IT capabilities for the Bath & Body Works business. We recently decided to accelerate this work, hiring Accenture to assist us, and we now expect that the separation component of the project to predominantly be completed by next year.  Completing separation on this accelerated basis will, in turn, enable us to more quickly build additional technology capabilities to support long-term growth. We are excited to work with Accenture to not only complete our IT separation, but also to truly transform into a data-driven organization, which will allow us to further strengthen our customer connection and capture new market opportunities.  For the second quarter of 2022, we expect sales to be up in the low single-digit range compared to the prior year, consistent with our first quarter trend, excluding the stimulus benefit from last year. We are forecasting second quarter earnings from continuing operations to be between $0.60 and $0.65 per share compared to $0.77 last year.  For the full year, we are forecasting sales to be up low single digits compared to 2021. We are also forecasting full year earnings per share to be between $3.80 and $4.15 compared to the $4.51 in the prior year. The company is committed to managing and forecasting the business prudently.  Thank you. And now I will turn the call over to Julie. 
Wendy Arlin: Thanks, Julie. That concludes our prepared comments. At this time, we'd be happy to take any questions you might have. We plan on going to about 9:45 this morning. In the interest of time and consideration to others, please limit yourself to one question. Madison, I'll turn it over to you. 
Wendy Arlin: Sure. Thanks, Ike. So on the technology spend, as you mentioned, we are pulling forward about $25 million into this year as we accelerate the work to get separated and move on to transformation. So what I would say is that $25 million acceleration will really benefit 2024 as we go forward since we're pulling it out -- we're making that project go faster.  I would anticipate technology spend will normalize in the out years as a percentage of sales as we go into 2023 and 2024.  In terms of the spend on the transition or leadership and retention items, I would tell you, it breaks down. The biggest piece of it is retention that we're investing in our associates to make sure that we've got a solid team as we go forth through 2022 and 2023. The rest also relates to other items, including share-based compensation, search fees, et cetera. We'll 'take the next question. Go ahead. Sorry. 
Wendy Arlin: Sure. Yes. So our -- as you mentioned, our profitability algorithm is low to mid-20s in terms of EBIT percentage. There's obviously lots of levers that we have that enable us to push towards the higher end. The first is, obviously, we want to continue to grow sales. And as we continue to grow sales, we should get leverage in the business and we'll experience that over time. As we've laid out in our sales growth algorithm, we see future growth in all components of our business. So we see in our store channel through both organic comp growth and square footage growth. We see growth in the direct channel in the future. And we're also very excited about growth opportunity in the international business. And all 3 of those channels are consistent with our overall EBIT percent target that I just mentioned. So in other words, none of those channels hurt us in terms of maintaining that overall profitability rate. The other thing that it's an important lever for us to pull as Julie just mentioned and I mentioned, we're always continuously looking at pricing. And we have discovered our customer is willing to pay higher prices when we deliver quality. And we'll continue to test and learn and see what pricing is appropriate and try to increase pricing over time. So those are probably the biggest levers that we have to continue to emphasize our long-term profitability growth algorithm. 
Wendy Arlin: Great. So as we said in our prepared remarks, at the end of Q2, our forecasted inventory levels are higher than they would normally be in any given second quarter. And that was a strategic planned thoughtful decision. And the biggest thing to go that went behind that is we wanted to pull some production into the second quarter to make sure that we mitigated any risk of disruption and also to make sure that by having some of our core production pull forward, our supply chain will have more agility going into the holiday period for us to read, react and chase into winners. So by making that planned decision, we've freed up flexibility and agility in the holiday period. So when we see what the customer wants, we can chase into it and develop or chase into more winners. So that was our strategy behind our inventory. 
Wendy Arlin: Sure. So in AUR, so we're thinking for the full year, we'll have AURs about flat which would imply a slight increase in the fall season. And as you know, that's an area where we're extremely agile. We constantly are watching pricing and watching promotions and what works and what doesn't work? And we changed the -- our plans weekly, daily sometimes. And so as we go into the fall season, we will be very, very agile and flexible and approach that with that attitude as we go into the important holiday season. But as of right now, we're planning the full year roughly flat. In terms of SG&A growth, we tend to -- obviously, our biggest -- about 2/3 of our SG&A is store selling, and so that will flex with sales. And so I think the easiest way to model our store SG&A expenses is really to look at it as a percent, as we grow sales we will try and leverage that over time. 
Wendy Arlin: Okay. Great. All right. So I'll take the first 2 parts of your question, and then we'll turn it over to Julie on the fragrance market. So in terms of freight, we have forecasted freight rates based on what we know today. And as I mentioned, of our roughly $250 million of pressure that we've quantified, roughly 4% -- sorry, 40% of that is transportation. And the increases we're feeling are, in particular, in surcharges in our parcel network. So it's based on what we know today. we'll see what happens. If rates change over the course of the year, then those costs will either go up or down, but that is -- our current estimate is assuming the fact that exists today. In terms of what inning we are in pricing, I would describe our pricing conversations as a baseball game that never ends. So I wouldn't say we're ever in a certain inning. That's something that -- over time, we'll continue to test and expand pricing as appropriate. I mean one data point is that if you compare our overall pricing now to pre-pandemic, our AURs are up over -- well, approximately 20% over that time period. So this is something that we're continually looking at, and that will be part of this business' agenda forever as we continue to do business. So I'll turn it over to Julie for the overall fragrance. 
Wendy Arlin: Thank you, Julie. We are out of time. So this concludes our call this morning. Thank you, everyone, for your continuing interest in Bath & Body Works. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. I mean I agree with Wendy. We are constantly testing and reading and reacting to those tests. I think that any time we invest in products, we're always looking at pricing. So as we're reformulating our formulas to be better for you, we will be taking those forms up $1 as they enter into our store.  I think a great example is Wallflowers. So Wallflowers had a really great quarter. They continue to have great momentum. We launched our new scent control heaters, which have high, medium and low settings, and they performed well above expectations. Our customers have been asking for this feature, and we've really been working hard on delivering those in stores.  I think what this shows, this product is a great example of our customer is smart and they understand the price value equation of our products and spending $12.50 for the scent control heater didn't even deter them at all from buying it. So not only were the scent control heaters doing well, but our decorative heaters, which are also at times higher-priced heaters. So again, as long as we have the right price value equation, they're very smart, and they go along with us. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. And just to add to that, Wendy, this read and react is a competitive advantage for us. It's something that we can do that nobody else really can do. So we were able, in this last quarter, to read and react and order about 10% of our total production on this 4- to 6-week chase time line. And that is a strategy that we will continue to use throughout the end of the year. I think a couple of things. What that does for us is it ensures that we are in the product that the customer loves the most. So we're really going after the winners. So Butterfly, as Sarah and I both talked about, was a great example of delivering early, reacting and getting back into many units across all categories. I think another area that we had great success, which we haven't really talked about was our tropical collection. Really, it hit on the mindset that was transported and our customer in March was ready to be transported. And we had an outlier fragrance, Pink Pineapple Sunrise, that was a runaway hit, and we immediately reacted and got into that. So we are very adept at being flexible and fluid and getting in and out of what is and isn't working, and that's a winning formula for us. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. So just to give you a little bit context on unit sales, unit sales were up low single digits. And so just to give you a couple of color areas where we saw this, soap were up against last year. And we were in a much stronger inventory position than we were last year, and we believe the business is starting to stabilize and the customers coming to us. So as Sarah mentioned, we believe that we are a use up business. Our products are meant to be used daily and replenished frequently. And what we're finding is they're coming back to replenish. And when they come to our stores and they come to our site, we are great with conversion. We also have some great innovations in soaps, and I think that they're responding to that as well. So we have a beautiful innovative tools bottle for our gel soaps in vibrant colors she loves putting them on her counter. They're counter proud. It helps her decorate her house, as well as we are seeing strong acceptance to our foaming core Restage soap. And the other thing to mention, I know we talked about Wallflowers, but unit sales are up there as well. So we have some outlier categories where we're doing quite well. 
Julie Rosen: Janet, it is nice to hear your voice again. So can you just repeat the question because you sort of went out and I want to make sure I'm answering it correctly. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. We absolutely are seeing great new learnings in olfactive spaces, which is very exciting. So when we have things like JCB, which we repackaged, which has been with us since 2006, it continues to be a top 10 fragrance. The great thing is we can have something like Butterfly, which is a new olfactive space for us, which was a fruity floral also be in the top 10. The other thing to say is we launched a line of gender-neutral White Barn handle this particular quarter and saw huge success from an olfactive space in Amber and Ooze. So we are in the process. As always, we test everything. We have a major Ooze test going on right now just to understand how much we can go into that as an olfactive space. We make sure that we're balancing by season, and we're also doing a big test in men. So there is a men's how high is high test, where we're testing 16 fragrances. So there's a lot going on in fragrance. We know at different times of the year, we need to lean certain ways, Gourmet, Pumpkins in fall, but we're also opening up new spaces, which is very exciting, and it's very exciting that our customers coming along with us. 
