Heather Hollander: Thank you, Danielle. Good morning, and welcome to Bath & Body Works Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call may contain forward-looking statements related to future events and expectations. Please refer to this morning's press release and the Risk Factors in Bath & Baby Works 2021 Form 10-K for factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Today's call may contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to this morning's press release for important disclosures regarding such measures, including reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Joining me on the call today are Gina Boswell, Chief Executive Officer; Julie Rosen, Brand President; and Wendy Arlin, Chief Financial Officer. All of the 2021 results we will discuss today are adjusted and exclude the significant items detailed in our press release. Additionally, the results represent results from continuing operations and exclude the discontinued operations related to Victoria's Secret in 2021. I'll now turn the call over to Gina. 
Heather Hollander: Thanks for the question, Simeon. Gina, maybe if you want to start off with the focus on how we're growing sales in '23. And then Wendy, if you want to follow up with some detail there. 
Heather Hollander: We want to thank you for joining today's call. A replay will be available for 90 days on our website. Thank you for your interest in Bath & Body Works. 
Julie Rosen: Thank you, Gina. In the fourth quarter, customers responded well to our holiday assortment which included both Christmas favorites and cozy new fragrance additions. We are an affordable luxury brand with covetable gift offerings and a key tenet of our holiday strategy was offering gifts at all price points. We drove a strong gifting business in the fourth quarter, exceeding our expectations and last year's results with record high gift-set sales and particular strength in overall gifting that last week before Christmas. The season was led by our iconic holiday traditions and top fragrances such as Winter Candy Apple and Vanilla Bean Noel. We brought back these customer favorites in new packaging that spans multiple categories and forms. Offering our customers' favorites in multiple forms is really a competitive differentiator for us, and we find that it drives customer loyalty and purchases. Our cross-category assortment is the key reason for our customers to come back and visit us each year. We saw success with our ability to tell cohesive and compelling fragrance stories across the shop, which continue to resonate with customers who want to enjoy our fragrances for both body and home. The fragrance stories that performed well during the quarter include core fragrances, such as Champagne Toast, returning holiday favorites such as Fresh Balsam, and new fragrances, such as Strawberry Snowflakes. Our men's business continues to be our fastest-growing category in body care as we test new forms and merchandising ideas. In the fourth quarter, for the first time, we launched a new single fragrance launch for the men's business, After Dark. The response to this launch exceeded our expectations. And we will leverage the significant insights we gained from it to guide future innovation. Soaps continued to perform well, outpacing the total shop. Our new packaging and holiday sense met the customer's mindset during this time of year and really drove demand. We continue to expand our formulation that's made without paraben, sulfate or dyes. Our relaunch of our gel soap has performed well, and we see opportunities for meaningful future growth through this forum. We've been able to maintain our strong market leadership position in the sanitizer business. Though as expected, we continue to see a shift out of this category, which we know surged during the pandemic. Body care outperformed in the fourth quarter, led by body lotion and cleansers. Our customers continue to show their affinity for our body care collection as our unit sales exceeded last year's fourth quarter. Travel also outpaced other categories as customers continue to increase their mobility post pandemic. Home fragrance was down compared to last year as expected. However, we achieved the most successful Candle Day in our history as customers continue to come and celebrate one of their favorite holidays. Innovation and newness are key drivers of our business and we look ahead to spring, we are focused on delivering fresh and compelling new scents, such as our new Among the Clouds and Coco Paradise. We also have some exciting new product expansions to our Gingham fragrance portfolio coming from Mother's Day as well as additional launches later in the year. As part of our continued focus on delivering innovation and newness, we've rolled out men's antiperspirant deodorant to our entire chain, and we are seeing very promising results. We look forward to further expanding our men's portfolio later in the year. We recently also launched a new signature tumbler in candles which rounds out our candle portfolio and offers a burn time of 30 to 50 hours. We continue to increase our assortment of scent control -- Wallflower heaters that offer customers choice and how much scent to enjoy in each room of the house. We're also expanding our wellness collection that is geared toward elevating our customers' daily wellness routine with curated collections for body and home. And we will continue our sustainability initiatives. Later this year, we're excited to be offering cartons that enable our customers to refill their soap containers and minimize waste. The customer is always at the center of our innovation process, and we will continue to add new compelling products and packaging as we work to expand our brand's global potential. We're also building capabilities to better connect with our customers and drive margin expansion through more personalized marketing initiatives and more targeted promotions. And with that, I'll turn it over to Wendy. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. So I just want to mention that we have been very slowly and methodically been raising our prices this spring. So our everyday price ups have actually been performing very well. For example, we have soaps that 5 for $27 from 5 for $25 or wallflowers in that same deal 5 for $27, where they've been 5 for $25. And we're not seeing any price resistance from our customer. We've also increased prices across the board where we are implementing a good, better, best strategy, and we believe that, that will help us. Where we are seeing some price sensitivity is in our promos. So in the short term, we're continuing to balance the need to keep the engagement on traffic strong with our desire to increase pricing and have a very agile operating model. So that will allow us to increase or decrease promotional activity in a meaningful way and test for the best outcomes. I do just want to remind everyone, our AURs are up to close to 20% by -- from 2019. And we do, as Wendy said, have a track record of being able to raise our AURs positively in the low single digits, and we hope to continue to do that. So our guidance assumes that promotional levels are roughly flat to last year, and we're going to read and react and maximize every dollar we can out of this performance. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. So we can tag team on this one. So we are very pleased, very pleased with our enrollment in the program. We projected to be about 30 million members by the end of the fiscal year, and we enrolled 33 members with more than 75% of those members, having shopped with us in the last 12 months. And as we've discussed on other calls, we all know that loyalty members outperformed nonloyalty in spend, trips, retention and cross-channel shopping behavior. So I think that we have a huge opportunity. We think about '22 as the year of enrollment, and we're thinking about '23 as our year of engagement. So our strategic path forward is to really capitalize on the very high rate of data collection that allows us to both identify and market to enrolled customers. So with customer segmentation and advanced analytics work that will allow us to customize our loyalty offering to maximize enrollment and engagement. We can also attract more customers by fully integrating our loyalty program across social, physical and all of our digital interactions. We want to test and try to influence member behavior by leveraging points-based incentives to drive incremental trips, trial of new product, and we will be pivoting to more member-only events, content and engagement as we have seen our sneak peaks and our exclusives be very successful. 
Wendy Arlin: Yes. Great. Thank you, Jay, for the question. Yes. So in terms of inflation, as we've talked about in previous calls, there's 3 main groups of pressure points for us, raw materials and components, transportation and I would say wages and other. So first, I'll cover raw materials. We have specifically -- and one of our key raw materials is candle wax. And we are seeing, and I think I mentioned this in the last call, some improvement in costing in candle wax. So we are down to 2022 levels but still up to pre-pandemic, but we are seeing some green shoots. In terms of the rest of the raw materials, I would describe the markets in terms of what we're seeing as generally flattish. We are hoping for continued declines, but we aren't seeing or planning for significant deflation in the other components of our raw materials yet. So hopefully, that comes to fruition, but I would describe those markets as stable. In terms of transportation, what we're seeing is that volume does continue to be down in [ almost], which is great because that's creating excess capacity, which provides us options in terms of carrier selections, et cetera. So if we break it down into our 3 main pieces. In terms of trucking or line haul, we are in the process of doing our annual bidding with our partners. So we look at those contracts in the first quarter of every year after holiday. And our initial -- we're in the middle of the process, but we are seeing a decline year-over-year in our initial work here, which is good for us. And that is providing deflation for us in line haul starting in the second quarter, and that is factored into our guidance. In terms of parcel, which is another piece of transportation, we have seen surcharges declining, but the base rates actually are increasing. So right now, parcel, we aren't seeing major deflation and it's generally flat from a year-over-year basis.  And then the final piece for us in transportation is Final Mile, which we are seeing continued pressure points just due to -- primarily to labor. So overall from transportation, we do have some deflation, as I said, starting in Q2, driven by line haul, which is in our guidance. Lastly, labor over the last 2 years or 3 years, I should say, we have seen wage pressures in labor, which we've talked about. Good news is I would describe what we're forecasting now as a relatively flat model in terms of inflation from our -- either -- if I'm talking about vendor wages or our distribution or fulfillment centers. We are seeing that solidified for the course of the entire year. So when you add all that up, we are forecasting, as we said in the remarks, pressure in Q1 but it should start to deflate, so to speak, in Q2, and then we'll get a better outcome in fall. 
Wendy Arlin: Yes. We are, and as you know, 20%, we do believe is best-in-class, and we think it is the right level for us. We don't want to obviously want to limit ourselves to 20%, but we think it's the right rate that -- where we can balance investment in the business as well as maximize our shareholder returns. Time frame is difficult to say. As you know, we're working hard to maximize margins, and we will continue to try and get there as quickly as we can. 
Wendy Arlin: Sure. Yes. So as we model and think about the future, the first, and I'll just kind of work my way down the P&L. The first is obviously net sales. We want to grow net sales. We're committed to growing that top line. And a lot of the pressure points we're seeing in 2023 are deleverage -- that you get when you have a guide that has a negative sales number in it. So leverage on sales growth is obviously important for us to get back to that 20%. The other thing I would say on top line, on sales, which will help our rate is we are always focused on how do we grow AURs in a way that is positive for our customers. So we talked a lot about how this business has test and learning in our DNA. We are literally testing pricing combinations every weekend to learn, to see how we can grow AURs but do in a way that it still resonates with the customer. So as we continue to do that over the time, our AURs will increase and help margins. If you look at the long history of this company for the last 10 years, we have consistently, pre-pandemic, been able to grow AURs in the low to in some years mid-single-digit range. So we know that as we innovate and deliver a compelling assortment and newness, we can get AUR growth over time. So that's sales, very, very key to getting back to the 20%. And then the other thing is margin. Right now our merchandise margin rates in our guide are below pre-pandemic level. We've talked a lot about inflation, as I said, we've got some deflation coming this year. But at some point, hopefully, that there's a little bit more, but that will be paired obviously with the AUR increase to increase profit rates. And then the last thing I would say is on expenses, as we mentioned, we are doing a comprehensive review of our organization and our indirect spend and where we spend money. And our goal is to optimize it for the size of the business, and we are internally extremely focused on getting to that 20% and that is part of our goal as we look to optimize the organization and our spend profile. 
Wendy Arlin: Absolutely. So I would say through -- the beginning of the year through end of summer, we are focused on separation from Victoria's Secret. So our -- the majority of our spend is to that end. And we're also in the process, obviously, as we'll be ending that TSA of establishing our own organization, our team, our partners, et cetera. So that is where we're focused on for the first part of the year. Once we complete that separation, we're excited to complete it because that allows us to unlock our future. And as we talked about, we see lots of opportunities to invest. You heard both me and Gina talk about it in the marketing space, whether that's loyalty or whether it's how we market to customers, in data analytics, we see huge opportunity to use really smart data analytics to drive marketing, drive promotions. So it's really in areas that are customer facing where we want to invest, and that is what we're focused on in the back half of the year. 
Wendy Arlin: Yes. So Thanks, Matt, for the question. So let's start with the 4Q and the story of how it progressed. So for us, we -- our softest month of the quarter was November. You heard a lot of other retailers comment on that. So we -- as consistent with other retailers, the softest part of the quarter were the first 3 weeks of November. As we progressed into December, we saw improvements in trends, including improvements in traffic, and in particular, in the month of December, Julie mentioned Candle Day, we were pleased with that at the beginning of December. But in particular, we saw very strong sales performance in weeks 4 and 5 of December. So the week before Christmas and the week after Christmas is very strong for us. January continued to be strong. We had a nice first 2 weeks in January, especially when we were starting our semiannual sale. So overall, strong December and January relatively and November was our most challenging month of the quarter. In terms of AUR, so you heard us mentioned in our prepared remarks, right now, we're planning the AURs in the first quarter to be down slightly. I mean our promotional overall promotion approach in Q1 will look fairly similar to what you saw last year, but we're forecasting AURs to be down slightly. For the full year, we're forecasting it to be roughly flat. As I mentioned, we, of course, are chasing to improve that result and we'll take price ups and reduce promotions to the extent we can without damaging margin dollars, but that is our overall approach. And I'm going to let Julie add some color. 
Wendy Arlin: Well, I would say a couple of things. As you know, the reality is, in the last 2 years, we've seen some major type of increases in input costs that I just talked about, labor and we've also recognized as we've worked on separation and thought about the future that there are certain parts of our business like technology that require additional investment to future growth. So I think it's both wanting to invest and also just a recognition that we've had major inflationary pressures in the business. So we -- as I mentioned earlier, we do think that this is the right balanced target for the business to allow for the investment for the future, but also deliver a return for our shareholders. 
Wendy Arlin: Thanks, Julie. The only thing I would add, Kate, to your question is we did -- as you know, we had a loyalty program in test before we did the nationwide launch in August. So we did have some markets that were in test where we could measure the performance on a pre-post basis. So when we did that, we did see a moderate lift in the fall season on a pre-post basis, and that's good. But what we're -- I'm really excited about from a financial upside standpoint, which Julie mentioned is now that we have got the program and we've got the members, and we have a lot of members the opportunities for us to use the data collection, to improve our marketing and drive transactions with these customers is to me where I see the key upside for the future. 
Wendy Arlin: Yes. So as you think about a multiyear model, I mean, we are still focused on, as you mentioned, delivering comp growth, and we believe, over time, we can do that in the, let's say, low single digits, we are always chasing for mid-single digits or higher. And what we've been able to do the last couple of years is we've been able to do that in a balanced way through both units and AURs. So that -- if we can do both units and AURs, obviously, we can get to a low to mid comp growth, but we're focused on doing both on a multiyear basis. You also mentioned square footage. We do expect that we will get a benefit from square footage growth let's say, in the low single digits over time. So those will be key drivers for our store revenue growth as we think about a multiyear model. You've also heard us talk today about international. And although right now, that's a small part of the business. To me, that's the exciting thing because it's small today, and we see lots of opportunity for meaningful double-digit growth on a multiyear basis as we expand internationally throughout the world. So that is a key part of our growth algorithm in the future. 
Wendy Arlin: Yes. It turns to a tailwind in Q2. I would say the tailwind right now is about $10 million in Q2, but we will, of course, chase that. Hopefully, it's a bigger number. 
Wendy Arlin: Sure. So yes, on a full year, we do still have some pressure on both product -- merch margin, product margin and deleverage on P&L. Our AURs, as I mentioned, are roughly flat. So we've got a little bit of forecasted AUC growth greater than AURs, which is pressuring there. The other area we're seeing pressure is in buying and occupancy. So we've got some deleverage in store occupancy because as we've invested in stores, and that's a good investment, it's delivering a return it does delever in a negative comp model which is implied in our range. And then we've also got some deleverage on buying. As I mentioned, we are focused on all lines of the P&L in terms of getting additional favorability. And so it's not just expenses. We're also looking at continued upside in product margin that we'll be chasing to improve the results. 
Wendy Arlin: So our -- yes, our occupancy expense for full year, we've got a forecast at plus 5%. So it's about around 50, 60 basis points of deleverage. 
