Gina Boswell: Simeon, it's Gina. Thank you for the question. I would like to first go to Julie to talk about the category normalization reset, and then we will flip to Eva for the gross margin benefits in the fourth quarter. 
Gina Boswell: Thank you, Alex, for the question. I will be happy to take the first part about the sales inflection and then ask Eva to give color on the long-term sort of EBIT margins. As you know, and we commented in our remarks, we are facing softer consumer trends. So in September, we saw the traffic pressure for the first time this year as the macro environment impacted our customer. And while October traffic was positive, the growth was lower than what we had seen year-to-date through August. So we have softer positive traffic. So through the year, we've seen consistently that the customer has been carefully managing their spending and that has pressured basket size and conversion. And then as Julie just commented, we continue to have the industry level category normalization that impacts our candles and sanitizers business. So we do expect those dynamics to continue into 2024. But at the same time, you asked about the confidence level about when that would inflect and while we can't circle a date either, we're building capabilities, and we're launching products that are designed to drive the customer acquisition and the sales growth as well as the operating income margin expansion, even amidst that modest macro pressure and category normalization that we could expect. As you know, we began testing many of the strategic initiatives in the third quarter once we completed our separation from Victoria's Secret 11 weeks ago, and we're very pleased with what we see. We expect those will drive improvements over time and build and compound in customer retention and acquisition. We also plan to drive growth through those product adjacencies, including building greater awareness, as Julie mentioned, on our men's line, doing a lot of marketing work there as well and extending the rollout of our fragrance, hair care, laundry and lip collections.  So we're quite encouraged by the early benefits we're seeing in test and early stage deployment and that gives us confidence in the opportunity ahead. So once those capabilities are fully implemented and we see those benefits build, we see a path to positive sales growth in the second half of '24. And then over to you, Eva. 
Gina Boswell: Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Paul, for the question. First, we'll go to Eva around the margin and then come back to your question on the quarter. 
Gina Boswell: Thank you, Kate, for the question. I'll be happy to take that and ask maybe Julie to chime in a bit. The product formulations that we've been doing really throughout the notable one, of course, that we've spoken about earlier this year is around our soaps, which are now free of parabens, sulfates, dyes et cetera. This is an ongoing aspect to our overall strategy about elevating the brand and the product and packaging and even some of the packaging that you saw with our most recent single-fragrance launch on Luminous, which I think depicts the fact that we're investing in the product as we need to, to make sure that we elevate and meet the customer for the innovation component of that.  Anything further, I'll ask Julie to speak about because this is an important part of our strategy going forward. 
Gina Boswell: Great. Thank you. So thanks, Matt. Great to hear from you. I think, as I mentioned, in September and October, well, really, we were quite encouraged actually in August starting pretty strong with nearly flat. But then in September, we saw the traffic for the first time swing negative and then bouncing back a bit in October. We did lap the loyalty launch. But really, we also saw just pressure overall on the customer and certainly consistent pressure on the basket size as well. So what we are seeing is that the customer is for sure, under pressure. We saw the categories continue to normalize as well. But really, most of what we're talking about for our outlook for Q4 is based on the fact that we saw softer, although positive traffic in the September, October month. So that's what we have seen and that's what we have built into our guidance going forward. And your second part of question, I'll hand to Eva. 
Gina Boswell: And I think you had another part of your question embedded that it had to do with sort of as we turned the corner. And obviously, we have a very big quarter in front of us. So we're looking forward to talking to you more about that as we get into 2024. 
Gina Boswell: Thank you. Great question. Thank you, Gaby. On men's, we spoke about the fact that it's still low awareness. And while it has been growing double digit, we're leaning in to fuel that growth. So there's a marketing campaign we're undertaking right now that is meant to address the awareness piece. And so we've got an experiential tour out there. We're taking our men's shop on the road, the influencer campaign. We're inviting athletes and so forth to reach new audiences and fans. So we're  quite excited about the men's opportunity. It is still a small percentage of our business today. And so that's the kind of obviously in part incremental from a customer point of view. That's on the men's side, a very big addressable market, to your point, $12 billion.  So penetrating there is very helpful as we reshape the portfolio specifically into the next year. The launch of hair has also outperformed. I mean, we have gotten a great response to our fragrance led positioning there. In the second quarter, we launched it in 560 stores, but we're going to complete the North American rollout in the spring of 2024. And while we are particularly excited because this attracts a new customer to Bath & Body Works, considering that 14% of our fragrance, hair care customers are new to our brand. So while it's too early to comment on the possible size of the business. I can tell you that we're confident in our positioning with the fragrance leadership as our point of differentiation in the category. And finally, I think as it relates to your comment on laundry. Laundry again, a very large addressable market at $14 billion. And so we're excited about the potential there. We knew that our customers wanted to experience their favorite fragrances in multiple forms and certainly, that is a differentiated factor for Bath & Body Works. And the customers have asked us for those laundry products. You may recall that we used our loyalty program to sort of canvas their ideas about what signature sense they wanted for us to offer.  And in the third quarter, we did have the limited launch of laundry. The feedback is very, very positive because laundry detergent is an exciting new way to add another layer a favorite scent to the daily routine, and that includes the fragrance boosters as well. So we're testing and optimizing the product as we do to prepare for expansion next spring. 
Gina Boswell: Thank you, Adrienne. I'll take that question and may go to Julie as well. Our view on AURs, you're absolutely right. We have a read and react approach and this quarter is a perfect example of that. So based on what we saw, we expected flat AUR, we delivered that. Our agile model allows us to flex. And so we were pleased to optimize top line and bottom line while not being more promotional than the prior year. So that's certainly how we look at it. From a product margin perspective, I don't know if there's anything further that, Julie, you wanted to comment on. 
Gina Boswell: Thank you. Thank you for the question, Mark. We are always testing and some of the things that we talked about in our agile model on AURs, I think, speaks to that. The test that we have that I alluded to are some of the things we're doing from a loyalty perspective, we're seeing lots of data that suggest that when we customize offers and when we provide triggers and things, we can actually use the data and insights from the loyalty to better sharpen and optimize. But to your specific question on direct mail, it did not. We think that it's offsetting with loyalty finally, frankly. And so we don't expect that, that was going to be a driver on our September traffic. 
Gina Boswell: Yes. I should say the loyalty platform is going to be today, for sure, with all the enrollment speed. But as we push engagement even further levering the tools that we've just been implementing, frankly, in the last 11 weeks. We see the spend, the engagement, the retention of the trips being a nice way to address the promo optimization as well. So you're absolutely right. Thank you, Eva for the comments on what redemption truly does to drive customer annual spend. 
Gina Boswell: Thank you, Dana. I'll go to Julie for both of those questions on the mall as well as the new product assortment. 
Gina Boswell: Thanks, Dana, and thank you, everyone. That concludes today's call. I want to thank you for joining us and extend our best wishes for the holiday season. 
Julie Rosen: Simeon, as far as the candle normalization, I really cannot circle a date on the calendar for you. And in fact, no one can. That being said, I just want you to know that we are innovating in these categories. We are still the market leader as we hold our dominant market share in candles and we gained market share in sanitizers year-to-date. And we are also working very hard to diversify our sales mix. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. I think from an investment perspective, we also have invested in some other formulas, we're in the process now of finishing the rollout of our shower gel, which is also in a cleaned-up formula. I will say that we also believe that we have the ability to grow our AURs over time. The brand has a very strong track record of low single-digit AUR growth, and we believe we will get back to that. 
Julie Rosen: Gina, I would just add, you mentioned it, but just to sort of reiterate. The great thing about the new categories is they definitely bring new customers and they help to build the basket. So we're very excited about rolling these out over the next year. 
Julie Rosen: I mean I would just say that we constantly are balancing the need to keep engagement and traffic strong with our desire to obviously increase price. And this -- to your point, our agile operating model really allows us to increase or decrease our promotional levels in a meaningful way. And we have a robust testing agenda that we're always testing for the best outcomes. 
Julie Rosen: Thank you. Mark, for the second part of that question. I think we do have a big quarter ahead of us. So we're not really speaking specifically to '24, but I'm not sure on B&O if there's anything you'd like to add Eva. 
Julie Rosen: Dana, nice to hear your voice. So as far as the performance of mall versus non-mall, off malls outperformed mall stores and just for a little more color performance between the regions and the income cohorts were relatively uniform. As far as the new launches, they are all at various stages of rollout. So as Gina mentioned, hair is in about 30% of our stores. We will complete the North American rollout of hair in spring. . Laundry is in a small group of stores. We're looking to roll that. We'll let you know at the next earnings call how many stores we actually make it to with laundry. We're just in the midst of testing, optimizing and rolling as we don't want to disappoint any customers. And it's the same with lip. We have this new lip fixture and a new lip assortment that we've been testing in a small group of stores and performance has been threefold off of those fixtures. So we're very excited about that. We have a lip ritual, which is a scrub mask tins, and we are seeing both with lip and hair that they're garnering a younger customer. So we do think that '24 has an opportunity to really go after these launches, roll them out and to your point about AUR, gain the most AUR from the new categories that we possibly can. 
Eva Boratto: Great. So now we'll take the gross margin question, Simeon. And we are quite pleased with our continued progress in delivering strong and improving gross margins. A couple of things that I'll highlight, in the fourth quarter, we expect about $55 million of deflation to benefit our merchandise margin rate, and we'll continue to invest in our formulation and packaging upgrades. Overall, we continue to expect merchandise margin to expand about 100 basis points, and we expect to have flat AURs in the quarter. On a positive, in the fourth quarter, we're expecting roughly flat buying and occupancy as we scale our new customer fulfillment center and that ramp. And recognizing we're not improving as much as third quarter. As you can appreciate, the fourth quarter is a big quarter for us. There's a lot of volatility given the holiday season, and we'll continue to pull on all the levers we can to drive our gross margins. 
Eva Boratto: Great. Thanks, Gina. So we remain very focused on driving towards that 20% OI target, operating income ratio with gross profit at 45% and SG&A at 25% leverage. Ultimately, the capabilities that Gina spoke about and the product adjacencies are expected to drive both top and bottom line growth. As you think about our cost reduction initiative, we remain on track to deliver our $200 million annually, and we remain focused on finding additional efficiencies in the business to both drive those improvements as well as fuel investments for growth. So we will continue to focus on all of the levers we can to get to those targets. 
Eva Boratto: Yes. As you can appreciate, we have a pretty significant quarter ahead of us. and we're really focused on driving performance in the fourth quarter and delivering on the expectations. So we'll have more to say on specific as it relates to 2024 on our earnings call. A couple of things I will highlight what I just mentioned, but I'll mention it again. We're really confident in our ability to deliver our cost savings initiative of $200 million as we wrap into next year. And from a technology perspective, you've heard us continuously say that we expect that the spend will remain elevated to support the initiatives in the growth capabilities. But we'll certainly have more to provide as we hit our year-end earnings call. 
Eva Boratto: Sure, Matt. On the SG&A leverage, I would think about it as we need 3% to 5% growth to get that leverage going. 
Eva Boratto: Great. Lorraine, I would just reiterate what you said. This company generates a significant amount of cash. There is nothing unusual this year that I would call out that would be onetime in nature. Our capital, I would expect our CapEx to be generally in line with what we've spent in the past, $300 million to $350 million. And we continue to look for opportunities to generate cash, drive growth and generate cash and work the balance sheet. So we'll have more to say on our guidance on our Q4 call, but there's nothing to draw out. I would just add, we evaluate the best ways to return capital to shareholders. 
Eva Boratto: And we always work on the cost side of the equation as you think about margins and we spoke to the deflations that we expect in fourth quarter as well as our cost-reduction initiatives to help drive improved margins. 
Eva Boratto: And Gina, if I could just add one thing. As you think about our loyalty program, if we move a customer from redeeming 1 reward to more than 2 in a year, they more than double their spending in the store. So there's a tremendous amount of opportunity ahead of us as we test and learn as Gina said to drive value. 
Eva Boratto: No. No. Mark, we're pleased that we're roughly flat in the fourth quarter. Obviously, it's our largest sales quarter. And from a cost perspective, scaling that new customer fulfillment center, of course, helps with the leverage, and we'll have more specifics as we head into next year. 
Eva Boratto: And Julie, I'd just like to come back to real estate a little more broadly. As you talked about off-mall. And Dana, just to remind you that our long-term strategy is focused on off-mall. Our goal is to be about 2/3 of the portfolio. And our new stores continue to perform extremely well. We have strong returns. Our payback remains about 2 years. And our real estate team has just been doing a tremendous job on an excellent real estate portfolio. 
