Amie Preston: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to L Brands' first quarter earnings conference call for the period ending Saturday, May 3, 2014. As a matter of formality, I need to remind you that any forward-looking statements we may make today are subject to our Safe Harbor statements found in our SEC filings. Our first quarter earnings release and related financial information are available on our website, lb.com. Also available on our website is an investor presentation, which we will be referring to during this call. This call be is being taped and can be replayed by dialing (1) 866-NEWSLTD. You can also listen to an audio replay from our website. Stuart Burgdoerfer, EVP and CFO; Sharen Turney, CEO, Victoria's Secret; Nick Coe, CEO, Bath & Body Works; and Martin Waters, President of International, are all joining us today. After our prepared remarks, we will be available to take your questions for as long as time permits.  We need to end the call today at 10:00 to get to a Board meeting. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and I'll turn the call over to Stuart. 
Amie Preston: Thanks, Martin. At this time, we'd be happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Lori, I'm going to turn it back over to you. 
Amie Preston: Yes, Omar, what Sharen said is right. I would guess that any changes from our previous forecast just have to do with timing and real estate changes and leases. Thanks, Omar. 
Amie Preston: Thanks, Nick, and thanks, Mark. That concludes our call. Thank you all for joining us, and have a happy Memorial Day. Bye. 
Sharen Turney: Think you, Stuart, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results are detailed on Page 11 of your presentation material. The Victoria's Secret segment grew both sales and operating income versus last year. Total sales increased 4% to last year, and comparable store sales increased 2% on top of 3% last year, with operating income increasing $14 million or 5%.  Customers responded favorable to our assortments, particularly the newness in our bra category with our first quarter core bra launches and strong growth from our Sport bra offering. Our panty and PINK apparel categories also had solid growth.  In order to increase our focus on our fastest-growing, most profitable businesses, we are exiting some of our noncore apparel categories in Direct, as well as Victoria's Secret Makeup. This will reduce our annual Direct apparel business from roughly $485 million in sales in 2013 to between $200 million and $220 million in 2015, with this year being a transition year. The exit of our Victoria's Secret Makeup business will impact our business by about $45 million on an annual basis. This is an exciting, long-term opportunity for Victoria's Secret. As our omni-channel categories are our most profitable, aligning offerings across the channels not only allows us to better focus on our core but also provides a seamless customer experience.  In the stores channel, first quarter sales increased 5% and comps were up 2%. Our growth in sales came from both Lingerie and PINK, with strong growth in bras. We were excited about our launches and continued to see solid performance in Sport bras. We also saw strengths in panties and PINK. Beauty sales declined, primarily driven by less promotional activity in Body Care within the quarter. Our store channel merchandise rate increased during the quarter, with gains across Lingerie, PINK and Beauty. Operating income dollars and rate increased during the quarter as higher merchandise margins and leverage in SG&A more than offset growth in buying and occupancy from our investments in real estate. In the Direct channel, first quarter sales were flat to last year as a high single-digit increase in Lingerie, PINK and Sport was offset by a high single-digit decline in apparel. The merchandise margin rate was down to last year, primarily due to the higher promotional activity in the apparel business. Expenses were about flat to last year, so the decline in merchandise margin resulted in a decline in operating income. As we transition to the second quarter, we will continue to focus on newness and are looking forward to our upcoming bra launches, which have tested well. We continue to be pleased with the results of our real estate and other store investments that are improving the customer experience. While select category exits and continued investments in real estate will put pressure on our results, we are confident in our core categories of bras, panties, fragrance and PINK. Our inventories are well positioned, and we remain focused on increasing our agility in order to optimize our business. Thanks. And now I'll turn the discussion over to Nick. 
Sharen Turney: Thank you, Matt. We're very excited about our Sport business. And as you know, we rolled Sport bras to all stores in the fall season, and it has continued to exceed our expectation. We only have our full assortment in about 80 stores right now from a Sport perspective. We think that there's a huge opportunity, not only in the store channel but as well as in the Direct channel. We continue to incubate ideas in these full assortment stores and continue to be pleased and really exceeded our -- and exceeding our expectations. The only thing that gets in our way of growth right now is just real estate. So as you see, all of the real estate moves that we're making this year in terms of Victoria's Secret will allow us to continue to expand upon this category. I'm also pleased with the innovation that we are doing. And in fact, in about another week, we'll be launching a new Sport bra that we actually have the technology patent. And we call it the Knockout bra, but it's also zip and click, which is just a great front closure Sport bra with lots of technology to help support and has continued in the testing to really blow everything else out of the water in terms of what we've done. We have a full pipeline of innovation that we continue to see ideas much stronger than we did last year in the Sport bra category. So we're well positioned. We're excited about it. I feel like that we're going a little slower than I would like, primarily just to the real estate that we need to continue to push this category forward. 
Sharen Turney: Neely, in terms of discontinuing the Makeup business, we didn't even have Makeup in all stores. And it's really, when you think about from an enterprise perspective, our real core is going to be in fragrance, and whether it's a fine fragrance, whether it's in the Body Care business. And the Makeup was more of an ancillary. It's a high-maintenance business, a high-discard business, so when we think about focused, fast and frugal and focusing on our core, going into fragrance and putting all the energy there, which is a better tie-in to Lingerie, helps us to get to our end game faster and, we believe, will help us to grow the whole Beauty category even faster than we are today. And I'm going to take the question about reinvesting the talent that we had. As we got out of the apparel business and the Makeup business, we actually have refocused those talent -- that talent into our core, whether it be in our Sport category in Direct, our Swim category, Beauty. We are underdeveloped in the Beauty category in Direct. So we have refocused, and you'll see some of that coming to play -- into play this fall season. 
Sharen Turney: Box [ph] share product has much higher margin characteristics than the apparel business or the Makeup business because Direct also did some Makeup business. So the margin characteristics are much higher in our core share categories. As we think about really focusing on those core categories, we believe that we can offset the Makeup business this fall season. We believe we can offset some of the exits this fall season. And then as we go into 2015, it'll probably take us another 12 months to completely, on the conservative side, offset the exit of apparel. 
Sharen Turney: Sure. I think you're referring to the Very Sexy strappy back. And the trend right now -- yes, did really, really well. The strappy back, what we also call caging from a fashion trend, continues to be strong, and it's something that we'll continue to maximize as we go forward. 
Sharen Turney: Kim, I think that is a great question. Yes, I think by us making sure that we can focus on the few categories, it gives us the opportunity to excel, going forward, into a bigger International business. It makes it a lot more simple, and it gives us the opportunity to stay focused, fast and frugal. And I would say that we want to get through 2014. And then as we think about it as we go forward in 2015, we will come back to you with a better layout of our strategy from an international perspective. 
Sharen Turney: Our peak apparel business has bounced back very nicely coming in from the holiday. And I really attribute to the fact that we have a lot of agility and with all of the speed models that we have put into play. I'm very excited about those assortments, not only from an apparel category perspective but what's happening as well as in the bra and panties. So we have a very balanced assortment when we think about the intimate business as well as the apparel category. We feel very strong about the things that we've tested for back-to-school. As you know, as we come into August and September are big moments for PINK. And last year, that's when we stubbed our toe. So we are very optimistic as we go forward into that timeframe. 
Sharen Turney: Omar, thank you. I think there was a shift of 2. But there is no change in our strategy about us being aggressive with PINK. Very excited about the store -- the new store openings. I think anywhere at the end of the year, we'll probably have around 250 freestanding PINK stores between North America. So we still see a lot of growth and opportunities within PINK. So we're pretty excited about that. But there's nothing really that's changed in terms of real estate. 
Sharen Turney: The competition of our inventory in Victoria's Secret is actually quite healthy. I think that where we invested in the fall season was primarily in the bra category. We have come out of that very strong. We're excited about the newness, and our inventory is actually cleaner as we go into third quarter next year. We have a lot of agility. We're continuing to focus on making sure that, every year, we use our speed models and actually recreate and reinvent our speed models. So I think as you look forward into Q3 and Q4, Victoria's Secret, across the board, will have more open-to-buy and agility than we did last year. 
Sharen Turney: It's Sharen. We're very pleased with the market intensification. And as you know, we have moved now into our fifth market and continue to see great results from that work, and we're continuing to learn. I think that we'll probably stay within this fifth market through the rest of 2014, and we'll add 1 new market in 2015. 
Martin Waters: Thanks, Nick, and good morning, everyone. As you know, beginning with this quarter, we are reporting the results of our Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works International businesses in a separate segment for the first time. My comments this morning will relate to that segment.  We made a lot of progress in the first quarter. Sales increased by 76% to $71 million, and operating income advanced to $15.5 million. The operating income rate increased to 21.9%. You will recall that when talking about revenue in this segment, we're including a combination of some wholly owned stores, where we report retail sales, but the larger component is revenue from our franchise businesses.  The good news is that sales and operating income growth was achieved across all of our formats. At Victoria's Secret International, we continue to be pleased with performance of our full assortment stores. In the U.K., our London flagship store on Bond Street goes from strength to strength, and we've recently begun construction to expand into the adjacent space. We opened another 2 stores in the U.K. in the first quarter, bringing us to a total of 6 mall locations in addition to Bond Street. We'll be opening another 4 stores this year in the U.K.  Elsewhere in the world, we opened another 2 stores under our partnership with Alshaya, bringing the total to 6. These stores continue to do very well, and we'll be opening another 6 to 8 this year across the Middle East and Turkey.  Our Victoria's Secret Beauty and Accessories business continues to progress well, and we ended the quarter with 209 stores open and are on schedule for about 300 by the end of 2014. We're also on track to open VSBA stores in China at the end of this year. In Bath & Body Works International, we are now up to 59 stores outside of North America, all franchised. And we continue to be very pleased with performance of this business, and we'll open another 15 to 25 stores this year. So that's an update on International. And with that, I'll say thank you and turn it back over to Amie. 
Martin Waters: Yes. So I'll take that first, Oliver. Thanks for the question. So we continue to be super excited about the opportunity to develop the Victoria's business, both in full assortment stores and in VSBA stores. All of the VSBA stores are franchised, so there is no capital constraint there. The rate-determining stats for how fast we go is just the availability of real estate and building and selling organization. I think in the full assortment business, the U.K., in addition to Canada, is the only market where we use our own capital. And our default position is to make this a low-capital model. And where we can find franchise partners who are able to run the business in the way that we want them to run it, then that would be our first choice. And in the next couple of years, we've penned down a significant amount of growth with Alshaya, in particular, across the Middle East and Turkey. 
Martin Waters: Sure. I'll take that, Roxanne. So yes, La Senza continues to be a bit of a challenge for us, not helped by some headwinds in the last quarter specifically related to Canadian retail environment, which has been tough, and also foreign exchange rates, which have gone against us somewhat. But that said, we continue to be very positive about and optimistic about the positioning of La Senza. The team's working incredibly hard to fix it. We'll stay the course, and we hope to have good news soon. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Well, we're always going to work hard to hold or improve merchandise margin results in the business. Importantly, in the first quarter, we had -- I would describe it as solid results in merchandise margin rate as compared to the fourth quarter. And we'll plan the business conservatively and work hard to do better than those conservative plans. We feel good about the inventory levels that we have now and how we'll end the spring season. So we've got conservative assumptions in the guidance, and we'll work hard to beat those assumptions. But we're feeling solid about the merchandise margin rate results in the business. And again, an important change in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, where merchandise margin rates were, I think, pretty solid in a challenging environment. I think we're in good shape. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: So in terms, John, of how it breaks in 2014, we'd see, between the Direct apparel and the VS Makeup, a couple cents, $0.02 in the second quarter and the balance in the fall spread pretty -- with a little more skew to Q4 than Q3. So a couple cents in Q2 and the balance in the fall, with a little more weight in the fourth quarter. And in terms of a view versus original expectation, I mean, the fact is these are decisions that were made within the first quarter. So we developed a view that's in prep for this call. That's [indiscernible]. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: No, I think the only thing I would add, which has been our view on a consistent basis, is we expect the International business to have an operating income rate at or accretive to the enterprise rate, and that's what we're seeing. And we would expect that to continue for the balance of the year. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: This is Stuart. I'll take that. So on Bendel, we're pleased with the results we're seeing in the mall-based stores. So we've got the store on Fifth Avenue, as you know, and then we've got 28 stores in better malls throughout the United States. And those locations are growing sales at a healthy rate and are realizing meaningful improvement in their merchandise margin rates. So we're optimistic about the assortment. And we're seeing that play through in terms of the sales and margin results of the business. It's still in an early stage of development, but we're seeing good signs. 
