Amie Preston: Thank you, Sarah, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Limited Brands' Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call for the period ending Saturday, August 3, 2013.  As a matter of formality, I need to remind you that any forward-looking statements we may make today are subject to our Safe Harbor statement found in our SEC filings. Our second quarter earnings release and related financial information are available on our website, limitedbrands.com. Also available on our website is an investor presentation, which we will be referring to during this call. The call is being taped and can be replayed by dialing 1 (866) NEWSLTD. You can also listen to an audio replay from our website. Stuart Burgdoerfer, EVP and CFO; Sharen Turney, CEO, Victoria's Secret; Nick Coe, CEO, Bath & Body Works; and Martin Waters, President of International, are all joining us today. After our prepared comments, we'll be available to take your questions for as long as time permits. [Operator Instructions] All results discussed on this call are adjusted results and exclude the onetime 2012 item that is described in our press release. Thanks. And I'll turn the call over to Stuart. 
Amie Preston: Thanks, Martin. That concludes our prepared comments for this morning. And at this time, we'd be happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Sarah, I'll turn it back over to you. 
Amie Preston: Thanks, Sharen, and thanks, Nick [ph]. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today and for your interest in Limited Brands. 
Sharen Turney: Thank you, Stuart, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results are detailed on Page 14 of the presentation material.  In the Victoria's Secret segment, our business results were in line with our expectation, as operating income increased $15 million or 6% from last year. Merchandise margin dollars and rate for the segment increased in the second quarter. We continue to manage our investment in real estate, technology and store labor that we are confident will enable future growth. In the stores channel, second quarter sales increased 6%, and comps were up 1%, on top of the 10% increase last year. Our growth in sales came from both Lingerie and PINK. While we continue to see less traffic in the quarter, we focused on providing our customers with the best experience. As a result, we had another quarter of record conversion and higher average dollar sales.  Our bra launches met expectations during the quarter. Total bra sales, while up to last year, did not meet our expectations as new product introductions did not fully offset exit products from last year. As we move forward and anniversary these exits, we are confident that our current trends -- our current transaction -- traction in newness and fashion will lead us in the right direction.  As mentioned earlier, both merchandise margin dollar and rate increased in the quarter, which is primarily the result of higher pricing in our semiannual sale, which is the result of entering sale with fewer units than last year. Additionally, we benefit from calendar-related shift in the second quarter.  Buying and occupancy expenses increased due to our investments in real estate and de-leveraged slightly on sales. However, total expense leveraged versus last year as SG&A expenses held relatively flat to last year. The store channel saw a record operating income during the quarter, up double digit to last year. Our overall inventory is in good shape. As mentioned earlier by Stuart, we are carrying over previous Body by Victoria product that has been removed from the floor, which will result in a higher inventory position in Q3. The merchandise will be cleared during our January semiannual sale. We also continue to invest in balanced, disciplined way in more key item depth and fashion.  In the direct channel, second quarter sales decreased 6%, as a double-digit decrease in apparel sales more than offset high single-digit growth in Lingerie, PINK and Beauty. As we reminded you last quarter, we are transitioning our apparel business while, at the same time, distorting our marketing resources to the core business of the brand: bras, panties, PINK and Beauty. We plan the apparel business to be down in Q2, with a 16% reduction in styles and a 25% reduction in inventory. Net sales results were below our expectations, down in the mid-teens. As we move into fall, our styles and inventory will be more in line with the previous year. And combined with improved assortment, we are expecting improved results.  Our direct channel second quarter merchandise margins rate was down to last year, driven by increased promotional offer. Merchandise margin dollars decreased on the combination of the sales and rate decline. Operating income dollars declined, as the decline in merchandise margin dollars more than offset a reduction in SG&A expenses. Looking ahead to the third quarter. We feel good about our fall product assortment and our upcoming bra launches. We recently launched our new Body by Victoria bras, which have been well received by our customers. In addition, we've coupled this launch with our new fragrance, Victoria. Although still early, we are encouraged by the successful starts of both. We will continue to manage both inventory and expenses with the appropriate conservatism to optimize our business.  In closing, we continue to focus on providing our customers with world-class emotional brand experiences, both in-store and online, that will consistently exceed their expectations. To achieve this, we know where we need to get better and are focused on these areas. We have the right fashion and newness across our channels, and we will continue to leverage our speed and agility to drive our results.  Thank you. And now I'll turn the discussion over to Nick. 
Sharen Turney: Matthew, this is Sharen. Thank you for the question. We are very pleased with what's happening with market intensification. We are in 6 markets today, and the performance in these markets continue to be above the company average. We are very optimistic about the increases we're getting in sales, the increases that we're getting in productivity and in our customer service score and in the conversions within that -- those markets. 
Sharen Turney: Sure. Today, in our plans, we are going to have one incremental bra launch that we had this year versus last year. Also, the bra launches that we had last fall were more about relaunching versus new introduction. We have a much bigger balance of new introductions for this fall season. Still very confident about what we've seen in our early retest and within our testing, so I'm very optimistic about those bra launches. 
Sharen Turney: As always, Kimberly, we are really maniacally focused on our inventory and really trying to take a very conservative approach. One of the things that we're looking forward to in this fall season is how do we make sure that we are invested within the bra launches that have tested well and do we have enough inventory and can we be in stock, and I think the check mark to that is yes. I believe this year as well, we are making investments in certain key items, that we know that we have left business on the table, we have -- still have lots of open to buy. We will continue to use our speed and raw material position to help us to do that. I do not believe that the offset of the bra launches really affects the way that we control our inventory. I think that was just about exiting way too much for what we had in the pipeline. 
Sharen Turney: Well, today is the big day to actually get a read in terms of all of the new catalog, as well as the new website for that particular pair of catalog goes up. No, we have rebranded, we have redesigned the shoe business, but we have not changed manufacturers. We put more emphasis on quality, and so we feel good about that. But today is a big day to really -- because this officially launches today. 
Sharen Turney: Thank you, Janet. Let me take the first one. PINK is really focused on a good price point in terms of our bra business. We think it's very important. It's part of our strategy as graduating that bra customer into Victoria's Secret lingerie. We continue to increase prices in our bra. And in fact, the Date Bra and now the Wear Everywhere Bra are doing very well. There's comparable pricing in the panty business. We do have a good, better, best reach strategy in the apparel business, so I think it's very well balanced. And so I think we are constantly looking at the opportunities that we have there. And there are no inhibitors in terms of the margins by our pricing strategy. We are seeing some success in sport, especially within the bra category. We are rolling the sport bra to 300 additional stores that we started basically in July and into August. 
Sharen Turney: Brian, it's Sharen. In terms of the Beauty question, we still like Beauty. It's just such a natural adjacency to both the Victoria's Secret business, as well as the PINK business. And as we've gone into the fall season, really focusing on going after the Fine Fragrance business with the first Victoria launch, if you haven't seen it you should, and really has been very pleased with the response that we have gotten. As we continue to build in terms of the all-important holiday timeframe, you will see more launches this year versus last year really in -- more of an emphasis on gifting as we're going to the holiday season. And then we also came off of last year repackaging our PINK Beauty business and have seen good results from that effort as well. 
Sharen Turney: When I -- let me just approach it in terms of kind of what will change. I think what we learned at Victoria's Secret from last year and really hope to not to make the same mistake is we understand the need to drive traffic in both channels, especially in the first week of December. So fashion, beauty and gifting all play a big role in that. And I feel great about what we have to offer. We'll stay focused on the fundamentals and ensuring excellent execution. 
Sharen Turney: Great, Omar. I think that when you look at Victoria's Secret and PINK, our target is the 18 collegiate customers and upwards. And I think -- so we're not so much focused on that teen customer. That's not who we target to. Because of the strengths of the PINK brand being aspirational for the teen customers, she obviously trades up into PINK. But our real focus has been in the collegiate 18 year old and up for the Victoria's Secret and PINK brands. 
Sharen Turney: All right. Jeff, as we reposition the apparel business, it's going to be bigger than just that lounge piece of Supermodel Essentials. So I just want to make sure that we were understanding that. I think that the transition, hopefully, as we come out through 2014, that we will be 90% through that transition. The marking characteristics are very strong in the high double-digit increases, so -- double-digit margins. So I think that we are learning a lot this fall, will teach us a lot. As I said, we're just launching some of the new catalogs as we speak. So we're being cautiously optimistic as we go forward. 
Sharen Turney: Nancy, I would just review it right to what Stuart said. We have great partnerships we always are looking to get better and better, and we have not unlocked all of our potential. I think that we have baked in upside -- we've already baked in what we -- in our margins, I think there's even more upside in margins as we go forward. I think we've already baked that in for the '12 season. 
Sharen Turney: Marni, I'm going to take that question for Stuart. This is Sharen. We have had what we have called omni channel, really, in our sights and have been working on it and investing in it for the last 2 years. We are so encouraged. Well, we call it, give her what she wants. So now we have the systems in the stores to take the direct channel return. We also have the systems in the DC to take those returns. It is working very well for us. The customers have been very excited about the customer service that we have been able to provide. What it's been allowing us to do now are people that haven't bought from direct before because if you're out of stock in something in the store, you can buy from direct, and we'll have it there the next day. And now what we're seeing is moving more customers slightly to being dual-channel customers, which we now have dual-channel customers spend more with us. But it's really about the customer service model that Victoria's Secret is after is making sure that we're servicing every single customer. 
Sharen Turney: Yes, we probably -- if we wanted to ship from the stores today that one particular item, we could. It's a little bit more complicated than that, Marni, in terms of most of the orders and people that are coming in from the DC are really looking at multi-category. We do have the capability, it's just not something that we're turning on at this point, but we're always curious to learn about it. 
Sharen Turney: The balance should be, as we enter into the 2014, the core businesses of the shared businesses will be about 75%, and the remaining will be in the apparel category. 
Sharen Turney: Sure, Susan. This is Sharen. We were very pleased with our swim business. So we will have about a $450 million swim business this year. We still see growth opportunity. We're still not in 1,000 stores. It is still a big category for direct and has much more opportunity, and it's a natural adjacency to our apparel business. The sport category still has a lot of upside potential. I think the one thing there in the sport category is just making sure that we can get the real estate in the right -- in the right real estate as we go forward, and that is something that we're working through year after year because the first priority is to make sure we have the right space for the Victoria's Secret lingerie and PINK and then sports. 
Nicholas Coe: Thank you, Sharen, and good morning, everyone. At Bath & Body Works, we remain committed and focused on the fundamentals we do well, and that led to record sales and operating income growth in the second quarter.  Comps increased 3%, on top of 7% last year. Customers responded to newness in both form and fragrance in our 3 key categories, our Signature Collection product line, the soap and sanitizer business and our home fragrance assortments. Traffic level was down during the quarter, but we were able to improve upon our already high conversion rates while also driving higher average dollar sales. We were pleased with our decision to use July to combine newness and selected sharper price points in the highly promotional marketplace. Total sales for the quarter was $630 million, up 3% or up $21 million versus last year. For the quarter, our operating income was $102 million, up $14 million or 16% from last year. Operating income as a percentage of sales was 16% in the quarter and was up 180 basis points to last year. Gross margin rate in the quarter was about flat to last year, but SG&A expenses leveraged versus last year. The BBW Direct channel also delivered strong sales and operating income growth versus last year in the quarter. We finished the quarter with inventory levels down to last year.  Looking ahead to the third quarter, we will continue to introduce newness and innovation in both form as well as fragrance. In August, the shop features our newest signature fragrances, Sweet and Sexy. We've also introduced full inspired view with our Fresh Picked collection, featuring newness in both form and fragrance across all 3 key categories. We are excited about the assortments, and we will continue to manage our expenses and our inventory conservatively.  Our overall focus continues to be about getting faster and better at understanding and satisfying our customers' needs while providing them with a world-class in-store experience. In addition to focusing our products and fragrance launches, we will continue to test and read the results of new product offerings and promotional strategies while maintaining flexibility in our inventory to react quickly to our customers' preferences.  Thank you. And with that, I'll turn the discussion over to Martin. 
Nicholas Coe: We have a similar story in terms of what's going on there. We're a little bit behind, taking some of the learnings from the Victoria's Secret business. But similar results, we're pleased with not only the customer reaction but also the quality of the sales that are going through and the improved productivity. So all in all, pretty good. 
Nicholas Coe: Brian, we're always looking at and testing different ideas outside of those 3 core categories. But I think the real interesting thing for us is looking at all 3 of them, we see an awful lot of productivity gains to be gotten within them, especially when I look at the home business and some of the things that we've added in there, whether that's decorative accessories or just the continued growth of new fragrances, et cetera, that we launched within there. So I think as we continue to look for ways to elevate the brand, look for ways to reinvent the brand, I think we'll be doing it very, very focused in those 3 categories because, once again, I feel like there's awful lot of productivity gains to be gotten and still left in the 3 key ones. 
Nicholas Coe: Thanks, Paul. Let's see. I think, if I could just kind of answer that slightly differently. One of the goals that we're really looking at is to continue to figure out how to really evolve the brand and figure out ways to get the right price and read the right customer expectations. So that being said, we continue to invest into the products. So a lot of the product launches that we've done have taken on incremental cost increases, but we've been in a position that we've been able to charge the appropriate price. So for me, it's going to be less about continued gross margin gains and more about are we able to continue to reinvent the brand, continue to elevate the brand, and then work closely with the customers to make sure that we're not letting retail prices get too far ahead of us, which is probably looking more at a sustained gross margin rate. 
Nicholas Coe: Yes, thank you. A couple of things. One for us is just going to be -- just based on our performance last holiday, which was strong, the big learning for us was how deep our planning went in terms of ensuring that we have various options available to us to maximize it. We're also going to look at -- knowing that it's a condensed period, we're also going to look at the real peak opportunities and how do we really maximize those peak opportunities while we know the traffic is absolutely going to be there versus one of the softer periods. We'll obviously continue to test different promotional ideas to make sure that we've got ideas on our back pocket as we go into holiday in case we need to call them. We spend a lot of time looking at gifting and trying to figure out how to continue the improvements in that business. And then at the end of the day, it'll be a lot of holiday for us will be about the right newness flowing at the right time and, again, maximizing our flexibility in terms of how we flow that newness so that we can be as close to the customer as possible. 
Nicholas Coe: Nancy, it's Nick. I think we pretty much got speed and, therefore, read and react in our ability to stay close to the customer pre-embedded into the business now to almost as a standard. And I would agree with Sharen, it's pretty baked in. 
Nicholas Coe: Yes, we are still in Chicago. But please remember, we're a year or so behind Victoria's Secret and taking on the initiative, so we're continuing to see a nice productivity there and continuing to invest in that marketplace. 
Nicholas Coe: Well, thanks for the compliments. In terms of long term, what do we see? Our goal will be to -- we're seeing very, very nice traction in terms of our ability to charge the right price for the customer, where we've elevated the brand, she's got into more prestigious products, more trade-up products. It's really allowing us to maintain that margin position. So again, as I mentioned earlier, we'll continue to look at improving the products. That's, in some cases, taking costs up. I think the bigger opportunity for us is to really say what's the sales growth opportunity more than the margin rate or margin growth opportunity as the brand moves forward. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Thanks, Ike, for the question. We have intensified our focus on expenses. We talked about that at the beginning of the year, saw some benefit in this quarter, as we've reported, and we're going to continue to be focused on it. And with that said, we're go to do so in a balance way. The success for Limited Brands is not to be the world's best cost-cutter. It's to have good top line growth in brands with emotional comps and great service experiences for customers in stores and online. But with that said, we are managing expenses with discipline. I would expect that we'll continue to do -- have some leverage in the back half of the year. That's what's implicit in our guidance. And we'll continue to work it. But again, we'll do so in a balanced way. And it's broad based, so we're seeing that benefit across the major parts of the business and, particularly, in the home office area. So it's an important part of what we're doing. But again, the most important thing we're doing is working hard to drive top line growth and good merchandise margin rate results. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: John, it's Stuart. I appreciate the question. The benefit in the second half and particularly in the third quarter relative to the other segment will not be as great as it was in the first half. And it's for the reason you mentioned, which was in our prepared remarks, about the systems project and related investments at La Senza. It also, frankly, relates to some of what we are anniversary-ing in the first half of the year. As an example, the pre-opening costs and rents related to Victoria's Secret U.K., we are anniversary-ing it now as we enter the fall. The store was opened last fall, and obviously, they are open this fall. So very good results in the first half. I shouldn't expect that level of contribution in the third quarter and the second half. With all that said, obviously, very optimistic long-term about our international business, but in terms of quarterly impact, not as significant. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Laura, it's Stuart. We work hard internally. As we think about the business and run the business, we found it very important to plan our business conservatively, inventory expenses, et cetera, mindset, and then read, react and chase where there's business to be done. And that mindset, that approach, that thought process, has served us very well, and we'll continue to run the business that way. It's how we've run it the last 4 or 5 years, it's served us very well, and that's how we think about and run the business. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: This is Stuart. I'll speak generally about it, and Sharen and Nick may want to comment further on it. In terms of supply chain, we think about it more in terms of our sourcing and how we flow goods and read and react to it. We've been talking about the initiatives around speed in our business for the last several years, and that continues to be one of the most critical things that we focus on as it relates to how we work with our suppliers and flow goods. And we've made a lot of progress in that area, and we're continuing to do work there. We're doing more work in the beauty product as it relates to personal care and beauty. Again, Sharen, Nick, may want to comment on it further. But we made good progress on speed and furthering our relationships with key sourcing partners, but there's more to do that, again, Sharen and Nick may want to comment on. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Sure. Thanks, Lorraine. The increase in CapEx versus the prior forecast relates to real estate and specifically, Victoria's Secret real estate. One aspect of it is some additional CapEx that will be on '13 books but relates to 2014 projects. The effect of that is greater this year than it normally is, but fundamentally, it's about real estate in Victoria's Secret. And again, we remain very bullish about those projects and the sales results we're getting and the profit results we're getting and the returns that we've generated for shareholders. So just some movement there. With respect to the free cash flow forecast, as you would imagine, there's a wide range of inputs there in terms of all the components of that and, again, remain comfortable with the broad range that we've given. As you appreciate, a lot of our cash is generated in the fourth quarter. And so there's a lot of moving parts there. But again, the business has very strong free cash flow properties, and there's a reasonable range of outcome there, but it will be a strong year for cash flow. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: And Bendel -- it's Stuart. We're obviously optimistic about that category. We added a number of stores to the business over the last few years. We've got a team there that is working hard to drive growth in sales and margin and so on, we're making progress, and we think it's a great category. And we're seeing progress in the business this spring and optimistic that, that business will deliver further sales growth and margin improvement in the fall. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: One other thing I would add quickly -- it's Stuart -- is the number one thing that our store associates are focused on is selling to customers that are there. And to the extent that we start doing some things that other retailers are doing, you to start turning your stores into little mini DCs. And at the end of the day, we're focused on selling in our stores. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Richard, it's Stuart. The guidance that we've given is in the third quarter down slightly, and we've been down slightly. The business is always working to get it to the right merchandise margin rate. And we think the guidance is about right. And to your point, there are a lot of pluses and minuses, and believe me, we're, first and foremost, focused on dollars. We've all heard the expression, you don't take rate home to the bank, and things like more work on full-price selling and speed and so on. But we think the guidance for the remainder of the year is about right, and you can be sure that the business is going to be focused on getting the maximum number of dollars that they can get, and part of driving that can be opportunity to earn rate. But we think the guidance is about right. 
