Amie Preston: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. As a matter of formality, I need to remind you that any forward-looking statements we may make today are subject to our Safe Harbor statement found in our SEC filings. Our fourth quarter earnings release and related financial information, including any non-GAAP or adjusted financial reconciliation tables, are available on our website, limitedbrands.com. Also available on our website is an investor presentation, which we will be referring to during this call. The call is being taped and can be replayed by dialing 1 (866) NEWS-LTD. You can also listen to an audio replay from our website. Stuart Burgdoerfer, EVP and CFO; Sharen Turney, CEO, Victoria's Secret; Nick Coe, CEO, Bath & Body Works; Andrew Meslow, Chief Administrative Officer, Bath & Body Works; and Martyn Redgrave, EVP and Chief Administrative Officer are all joining us today. After our prepared comments, we will be available to take your questions for as long as time permits. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and now I'll turn the call over to Stuart.
Amie Preston: Thanks, Martyn. That concludes our prepared comments and at this time, we'd be happy to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] And I'll turn it back over to the operator.
Amie Preston: And then in terms of the size, Jennifer, I'm pretty sure the mall location is between 10,000 and 12,000 square feet and the remainder would be the flagship on Bond Street.
Amie Preston: Great. Thanks, Nick. Thanks, Dana. That concludes our call this morning and we thank you again for your interest in our business.
Nicholas Coe: Thank you, Sharen, and good morning, everyone. At Bath & Body Works, we delivered sales and operating income growth versus last year's strong performance in the fourth quarter. We continue to deliver improved results by maintaining focus on 3 key categories: our Signature Collection product line, the antibac soap and sanitizer business and our home fragrance assortment. The customer also responded well to increased presence of seasonally relevant fragrances and forms. Performance improved versus last year in our Signature Collection driven by our holiday collections, the launch of our new Signature Collection fragrance, Be Enchanted, as well as the continued success of Paris Amour that we launched earlier in the year. The anti-bac business delivered growth in our soaps and PocketBac collections and holiday fragrances and forms. Our home fragrance performance continued to be driven by candles in new and seasonal fragrances, as well as growth in new forms and novelty in our diffuser and some portable categories. The strong performance of our key categories was partially offset by the gift set business that was down to last year. We will continue to review the gift set business as we look to redefine our gifting strategy next year.  January comps were down to last year driven by performance of semiannual sale. Semiannual sale performance was driven by lower inventories and the decision not to buy into inventory in discontinued fragrances. In the fourth quarter, transactions were up versus last year driven by traffic and continued improvement in our conversion rate.  So with that said, let me take you through the financial results for the quarter, as detailed on Page 17 of the presentation. Bath & Body Works fourth quarter comps were up 3%. Total sales for the quarter were $1.1 billion, up 4% or $47 million versus last year. For the quarter, our operating income was $348 million, up $18 million or 5% from last year. Operating income as a percent of sales was 31% in the quarter and flat to last year. Gross margin rate in the quarter was down to last year. The merchandise margin rate declined but was partially offset by leverage on buying and occupancy expenses.  The decline in the merchandise margin rate was driven primarily by cost increases and promotional activity. SG&A expenses leveraged versus last year. The BBW Direct channel also delivered strong sales and operating income growth versus last year. We finished the quarter with inventory levels down to last year. We continued to drive our inventories down year-over-year, while maintaining our high in-stock positions.  Turning to fiscal 2011 on Page 18. Operating income was $513 million, up $49 million or 11% versus last year. Operating income as a percentage of sales was 19.2%, up 80 basis points to last year, driven primarily by leverage on our SG&A expenses. Looking ahead to the first quarter, we continue to introduce newness and innovation in both form and fragrance. This month, we launched our newest Signature Collection fragrance, Pink Chiffon, in all forms. In addition, we introduced our new Signature Collection fine fragrance mist in over 20 fragrances.  We're excited about the assortments and we'll continue to manage expenses and inventory conservatively. Our overall focus continues to be about getting faster and better understanding of satisfying our customers' needs, while providing them with a world-class in-store experience. In addition to focusing on product and fragrance launches, we will continue to test and read results of new product offerings and promotional strategies, while maintaining flexibility in our inventory to react quickly to our customers' preferences.  With that, I'll turn the discussion over to Martyn.
Nicholas Coe: Jennifer, it's Nick. So the Beauty part really comes online this spring for us, so we'll see benefit later in the year. And it's really, fundamentally about being closer to the vendor, which really helps us.
Nicholas Coe: It's Nick. I think we will continue to focus on building highly emotional products with our brands, which should help us to continue to offset the promotional activity in the marketplace. We're seeing that now in February with a good start with Pink Chiffon and fine fragrance mist as we mentioned earlier, where she's really wanting to partner with us on full price. So the more we can continue to build the emotional connection with her, the better we'll be.
Nicholas Coe: Yes, John, it's a good question. Our focus will be -- our business model is set up really to drive full-priced selling, so as we see costs increase in terms of resin, fuel, et cetera, that will be offset as we continue to drive our percentage of business in full price. That's where the Beauty part comes into play for us, being closer to our vendors and continuing to drive as much business as we can into fashion, where she's reacting well with the brands, that she's really reacting well to, being the 3 that we talked about earlier on. So it's really about pushing full price selling to offset that.
Nicholas Coe: Janet, so we're still very much hindsighting the performance of gift sets to understand the ins and outs and the opportunities associated with that. My point of view is we probably need to and will take a more holistic point of view towards what role does gifting play in the store for her during that time period because clearly, it's a high-traffic time period. Clearly, she still comes to us for gifting. She still sees us as important in that. I think what's also interesting for us is when we look at and break down our business during that time frame, we also saw our 3 brands actually over index and perform particularly well. So how do we take some of the existing stuff that we've got that's working well and how does that work and play within the whole gifting arena.
Nicholas Coe: Yes. I think it's still -- obviously, is to continue to be an opportunity for us this year. And I think not only from a business but equally important for our opportunity to tell the brand story in another channel other than bricks and mortar, and connect with her where she wants to connect, whether she wants to connect with us online or whether she wants to connect with us physically in the store. So an opportunity on both levels.
Martyn R. Redgrave: Yes, Jennifer, as I mentioned, I think what we had previously said was 2 to 3 stores in the U.K. And at this point, we're not announcing any additional openings in the U.K. and we're really totally focused on the 5 stores that I did describe, the 2 in the U.K. and the 3 in the Middle East, which are all full assortment stores that we want to deliver in a very successful fashion in 2012.
Martyn R. Redgrave: The full assortment stores are -- with the more traditional A mall-type stores in the United States, 10,000 to 15,000 square feet.
Martyn R. Redgrave: Yes. In terms of VS expansion. I think as you've seen from us consistently, we've been a company about taking it one step at a time. So we test and we learn brand by brand, country by country. We're staying very consistent with that discipline and that's one of the specific reasons why we're not talking about very specific things beyond the 5 stores that we will specifically open in 2012. Obviously, we're optimistic about the Victoria's Secret brand and its appeal worldwide. But we're going to take it one step at a time. In terms of the Web versus stores, we are a store-based retailing company and I think philosophically, we want to prove ourselves in store-based retailing internationally. Of course, the Web is a big opportunity as well and we're very curious about how that will play into our international expansion. That said, our Victoria's Secret Direct business does a substantial volume of business outside of the United States today and is continuing to grow profitably.
Sharen Jester Turney: On the Beauty part, we actually, we're able to utilize the Beauty part, as we were taking into our gift sets, which we did have very good selling in gift sets in Beauty. So we believe that there's a big opportunity as we continue to be able to maximize that. I think your second question is, does that have benefit for the Lingerie business as well? One of the things that we have, as we have built our sourcing strategy and our feed model is that we actually had been able to treat our vendors in the Far East like they were in our backyard. And so where we have been able to then read and react to the business and within 15 days, have product in the store. So that is our strategy. I think there is such a big opportunity as we look in the future to continue to find ways in all of our product categories to get faster.
Sharen Jester Turney: It's Sharen from Victoria's Secret. The Victoria's Secret store business and the Direct channel from an intimate apparel perspective, absolutely was not promotional. Now how do you want to define promotion? Do we do surprise and delights with our gift with purchase, which we feel like are great branding items, whether it's our bag giveaway or umbrella giveaways. So we have not had to be promotional. And in fact, we carry no red lines on the floor in our Lingerie categories at all. We only have 2 sales a year in the Lingerie category. In the Direct channel, we still do have an apparel business, which has been a little bit more promotional because of the competitive nature of that, and as we continue our strategy of making our Direct channel more aligned to the Victoria's Secret product, I think over time, you will see that diminish.
Sharen Jester Turney: Kim, it's Sharen. We're so excited about really a seamless purchasing opportunity for Victoria's Secret, regardless of what channel that she actually shops in. We did turn on buy online, return in store this year. It is a manual process. We're learning a lot. We should have full technology in, knock on wood, by September to be able to have this driven by technology and not be a manual process. At the same time, we are turning on the capability that if we're store out of stock and buy online through our new POS system as well. That goes into pilot in the fall season and should be able to be fully rolled early in the spring season. We're very excited about this venture. We believe that this is a big opportunity for us to actually create more customers for life by giving them ability to shop at Victoria's Secret, how and when she wants to be able to do that.
Sharen Jester Turney: Jennifer, it's Sharen. On the Shapewear question, Shapewear is now in all stores. It is a kind of a replenishment fashion business. I think that it is just a steady business that we have today. When I think about VSX, the Victoria's Secret Sport, very excited about this concept. And as you know, within some of our tight real estate, as we continue to invest in our real estate and expanding and optimizing the Victoria's Secret space, as well as in keeping PINK in the freestanding space, this will give us an opportunity to continue to expand this category. We do have 2 freestanding stores and have piloted Victoria's Secret Sport in about 45 stores and very, very positive about this concept.
Sharen Jester Turney: Okay. Today, depending on the real estate, the demand in the store, it can be anywhere penetrated from 10% of the store to 20% of the store. We believe PINK, as you know, hit over $1 billion last year. We think that there's an opportunity to more than double the PINK business with the right real estate plays. And when you think about what percent of the business it compete, the total Victoria's Secret, we think there's such an opportunity for Victoria's Secret to grow as well. As we started playing around with the PINK concept, we took space away from Victoria's Secret. So we don't even -- we're not really optimizing Victoria's Secret today, and we're not optimizing PINK today. Therefore, the big investment in terms of our real estate strategy as we go forward into 2012 and into 2013. So we're very excited about both the businesses having the opportunity. It's very important to our long-range strategy for PINK, as well as for Victoria's Secret. So I think this year, we've proven a lot by -- our real desire is to have enough to continue with square feet across the mall to have PINK and Victoria's Secret right next to each other. So if we can work that, that's perfect. If not, we will have separated stores.
Sharen Jester Turney: The first question is that we will have most of the freestanding PINK stores opened up by this summer, which will give us, allow us to actually within those key malls have the full breadth of assortment in PINK freestanding store, as well as optimize on the Victoria's Secret side of the business. I'm very excited about the launch lineup that we have for this spring season. One of the things that's coming out next week is actually relaunching our #1 bra, which is Very Sexy. It is new and improved, it is absolutely fabulous, the fashion is great. As with also launching Very Sexy, we're actually coming out with a Very Sexy touch fragrance line to complement that launch. As we go and march through the spring season, there's a lot of newness in our launches, a lot of new fashion in our launches. Therefore, we're continuing to keep all of our franchises very relevant as we go through the spring season.
Sharen Jester Turney: The price points on the bras are anywhere from $42 to $50, depending on the level of fashion in the Very Sexy franchise. And then as we get into the Angel franchise, they really go from anywhere from $39 to probably $48. So it's still mostly in our better price points.
Sharen Jester Turney: I would say between the fashion and the complexity of the bras and really working on our fit, they will be over the $40 price point this spring season. Now I just want to say one other thing though. I think that it's important that those launches are over $40 but we do have in our business, a good, better, best strategy and we are not walking away from our good strategy, nor our better strategy. We just have more emphasis this year in the Victoria's Secret side around the best, as well as on the PINK side, we have a lot of strength in the good price point. So I just want to make sure that we don't leave the impression that we're not going to have a balanced strategy of good, better, best.
Sharen Jester Turney: Yes. I think the one thing that I would add, I just think we're in such a different place today than we were in 2007. I think that we probably put the real estate in before we had fully baked the entire assortments and concept. And now, we are absolutely confident that where we need the additional space, what concepts are going to go into the additional space, how we're going to utilize it, market it. I just think we're just in a totally different place than we were back in 2007. So I'm thrilled with the results that we're getting in the early stages at the stores we've been able to go in and expand our space and rightsize both Victoria's Secret and PINK.
Sharen Jester Turney: In terms of the PINK, Beauty, Lingerie business is that, for this year, is we see growth opportunity in all 3 of those businesses. And I think we've been discussing a lot today that, number one, is there's just a lot more productivity we can get out some of our existing stores and we also know that we have a real estate expansion program that benefits both the PINK, the Beauty and the Victoria's Secret Lingerie business. We have a very robust Direct business. We have an opportunity, as we talked a little bit about earlier, is how do we -- the 2 channels have totally been separated for many, many years. The opportunity of making them one view of the customer, how we can take care of the customers across channels is going to be a big win and a big unlock for Victoria's Secret. And when you combine those 2 together in terms of how we market to the customer and how we leverage to the customer, in my view, it will be transformational. Probably more of a liability for the Direct channel in the beginning but in the long run, I think Victoria's Secret as a brand will benefit.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: So with respect to the merchandise margin rate, assume the forecast improvement for the full year, there's 2 things that are -- or maybe 3 things they're having. One is, in the back half of the year, we would expect year-on-year favorability related to the cost pressure that we, to some extent and others to a greater extent, have seen in the industry, so it would be that effect. And then separately, we continue to work on and we're focused on getting better at lead times, fashion, getting the merchandise right, really maximizing full price selling and we're optimistic that we can make further improvements in those areas as well to drive merchandise margin rate improvement, and that's where we spend most of our mind times making it on the sales side, if you will. And we would expect to have further improvement in those areas as well.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: Sure, Jeff. On expenses, our commitment as a management team is very clear-cut and that is to grow expenses slower than sales. We believe that the operating income rate potential for the business given the quality of the brands is in the high teens and some of that is going to come through expense leverage over the next several years, so that commitment is unwavering. Obviously, the views that we put out last night, this morning, reflect reasonably conservative sales assumptions, we believe, appropriate at this point and we'll work hard to chase. But we are going to ensure that we grow expenses slower than sales. With respect to the share count, we're assuming $650 million of shares repurchased, there is dilution from option and other equity awards in that as well. And obviously, there are timing assumptions assumed as well. We're assuming that the $650 million happens at a relatively quick pace in 2012.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: I appreciate the question. Our thinking on that hasn't changed much over the last 12 to 24 months and what we talked about previously and remains our view is that we, all things equal, we should start the year with about $600 million in cash to fund our working capital needs as we go into the holiday season in October and November and that would assume that we don't draw on the revolver. So we ended the year with $900 million, just over $900 million in cash, borrowed $1 billion after that and we'll use our judgment as we go through the year and in consultation with the board about how to best deploy excess cash and whether we want to fully approach that $600 million or not, or even contemplate using the revolver to some degree; it's there and we paid for it. So we think about that within our possibilities as well. But it's a judgment and it's based on a lot of factors as you would imagine, including what's going on in the world and the performance of our business and so on. But back to your original question, our view has not changed about the minimum cash we should have to fund the working capital needs of the business. And again, that's about $600 million to start the year.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: Yes. I would -- the most summary level answer to that question and do appreciate that it's -- actually as you work the details, it gets more complicated, is that it takes a low-single to mid-single digit comp, absent actions to leverage our expenses. So if we think about the general growth rate in our occupancy expenses, the general growth rate in selling costs and overhead costs, there in that low-single digit, 3% or 4% kind of range. There are certainly unique things we mentioned in the first quarter, for example, investments related to the La Senza transition and the international business that in a shorter period of time might skew that general point of view a bit. But certainly on a full year basis, it is that low to -- 3% to 4% kind of growth rate. With that said, and hopefully as you've sensed from us previously, and as I reiterated in an earlier comment, we've got a lot of leverage to pull and we use a lot of judgment to pull them. We want to approach the business in a balanced way, but if we had a prolonged period of less sales growth, we would re-examine a lot of things and again our commitment is to grow expenses slower than sales.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: Sure. So it's -- I'll respond to that, Barbara. The CapEx level kind of prospectively is in the $500 million to $600 million range. As mentioned earlier in this call and when we had our meeting together in October, the key driver of increase in CapEx between 2011 and 2012 is that investment in the United States related to the remodeling and expansion of Victoria's Secret stores along with some increase for additional PINK freestanding locations, where we can't get the adjacent space that Sharen mentioned earlier. About -- as a general point of view and it's been true for us for a long period of time, between 60% and 70% of our capital investment goes into stores, relates to stores, real estate-related activity. New stores, remodeling stores, the technology associated with new stores, et cetera. Then the next biggest category is technology and then we do have some spending on distribution, logistics as well to add capacity where needed and update things where needed. So that's the general overview for CapEx. Again, on a multiyear-forward basis, I think the appropriate range right now to use is between $500 million and $600 million. And again, as we demonstrated in 2009, if things happen in the world or in our business, where we need to adjust, a big part of how we run this business is we try to make judgments based on what's going on in the business. The $500 million or $600 million assumes continued positive growth and profitability of the business, which we expect by the way. But my point is, if things happen in the world, we can adjust that. As you'll remember, we pulled it back to just over $200 million, and some of the increase this year is also a bit of catch-up frankly from that period of time as well.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: So, Michelle, I'll take a crack at it and again, Sharen may want to add something. But as a general point, we have seen increases, they were concentrated in fall of 2011, with some carryover into the spring of 2012 as you would expect and I think is intuitive those cost -- the effect of those cost increases and the nature of those is moderating and we would expect to have some favorability with respect to that in fall of 2012. We haven't, Michelle, gotten specific about the percentage and so on. It varies so much, I mean. By way of a reminder, 40% of what we sell is personal care and beauty. So that's got different characteristics to it. There are differences between the PINK business where we have seen the greatest proportion of cost increases and other parts of our business. But the most important thing as we see it is that effect will moderate as we go through the year and we would expect some favorability in the fall.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: Well, it's probably at the end of the day is a little too simplistic. Because as you know, even within the PINK business, they have a loungewear business, which would track generally with other apparel categories. But they have important and significant parts of their business that are bras and panties as well, along with other categories. So I suppose there's a way to model and make assumptions about anything. We've tried to give you kind of our overall sense of it. And again, the most important thing as it relates to merchandise margins is our opportunity to continue to improve full priced selling through great fashion, chase shorter lead times, great marketing, great display. That's what our business is about.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: The peak sales per foot or real estate productivity, Ike, was in 2006. And at that time PINK was a pretty small portion of the business, obviously.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: The sales per square foot this year, Ike, will be the best ever for Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works is approaching its best ever as well, which coincidentally was also in 2006. And as you understand, real estate productivity is a math function. It's a numerator and a denominator, right? And we believe that there's not a natural -- there are certainly at some level natural limits but the productivity, for example, in the Beauty category, is very, very high. And we believe that we certainly can exceed prior levels on productivity. With that said, the reason that our capital spending is up is we're starting to reinvest more aggressively in remodeling and expanding stores to drive the balance there. But I wouldn't want people to think simplistically that, oh, Victoria's Secret has gotten its peak productivity, so that means that there's some natural limit on sales growth in the business. We really don't see it that way.
