Sharen Turney: Thank you, Stuart, and good morning, everyone. Victoria's Secret earned record Q4 and full year profit in fiscal 2010. We are very pleased with this result and are confident that the keys to our success are the priorities we've been discussing all year, so let's talk about those. The first is our focus on our core categories, bras and panties, coupled with a much higher emphasis on getting faster and more agile. Second, is our continued purposeful balance between managing business with optimism and conservative management of inventories and expenses. And third is bringing all our work together in a well-told brand story across channel and telling that story through innovative products, steady newness with the right fashion and outstanding in-store execution.  I'll begin my remarks this morning with review of fourth quarter performance at both Victoria's Secret channel, followed by a brief recap of the full year and will then turn to a discussion of how we are thinking about the business as we head into the first quarter of 2011. Our fourth quarter results are detailed on Page 8 of the presentation. In the Victoria's Secret stores channel, fourth quarter comps were up 15% with total sales increasing 16% to $1.39 billion. This result was driven by strength across the assortment as customers continue to respond favorably to our new, fresh and fashion-right [ph] offerings. We remained agile on inventory, chasing into winners and placing strategic bets in a controlled manner. Our Lingerie business demonstrated balanced growth in Q4 with bras, panties and sleepwear all performing well. The quarter began with a relaunch of the Miraculous bra. We didn't focus on gifting for the holiday-selling season. All three of our businesses were much less promotional than both last year and the mall in general.  Pink has outstanding performance. We continue to see growth in bras and loungewear. In Beauty, customers continue to love the Bombshell fragrance introduced last quarter, as well as new fourth quarter offerings, including seasonal fragrance programs and expanded gift sets. A key contributor to our top line performance has been our in-store execution. And we, again, achieved record customer conversion for the quarter, something we've done every quarter this year.  Q4 merchandise margin rates were up versus last year. As I mentioned, we continue to accomplish these results while being less promotional than last year and with lower inventory levels related to sales. Our fourth quarter gross margin rate increased significantly versus last year, and our operating profit was up nearly 25%.  Now let's review performance at Direct. Fourth quarter sales increased 9% to $504 million, driven by strength in bras, Pink, swim and dresses. The gross margin rate increased significantly, driven by an increase in the merchandise margin rate as the strength of the assortment and our conservative inventory position enabled us to drive more business at regular price. Additionally, both SG&A and buying and occupancy expenses leveraged, so operating income dollars increased more than 30%, and the operating income rate was up significantly to last year.  Turning to our full year results on Page 9. Victoria's Secret comps increased 14% with total sales increasing 15% to $4 billion. Merchandise gross and operating margins all increased significantly versus last year, and operating income was up nearly 16%. At Victoria's Secret Direct, sales increased 8% to $1.5 billion. Merchandise gross and operating margins also increased significantly versus last year, and operating income was up over 40%.  We believe the frequent innovation we delivered throughout 2010 drove results. We remain focused on the core and the fundamental. We state balance in our approach, and we told our brand story through fresh products. Looking ahead to the first quarter, we will continue to do more of what works. We will offer customers newness and innovation and plan the business conservatively. We feel very good about our inventory position and are managing our expenses prudently, investing when we believe we can improve our customer connections and our profitability.  With respect to our view of product cost, our priorities in sourcing are getting faster and increasing quality and innovation. As Stuart mentioned, we do expect some pressure from increased costs in 2011 weighted toward the back half of the year. We have a strong emotional connection with our customers, and we will continue to focus on maximizing full price selling.  In closing, we are pleased with our performance and our position, but we see opportunities to do better. We will continue to focus on executing with discipline, simplicity and speed. And of course, staying close to our customer and driving profitable growth will continue to be our top priority. Thanks, and now I'll turn the discussion over to Diane.
Sharen Turney: Lorraine, this is Sharen. Basically, we will have -- comping the launches that we had last year, so we'll have the exact same amount of launches that we did this year versus last year. But the different approach that we're taking is that we're actually putting more power in the launches by taking them across all the beauty products within the store as well. So I think we have a very exciting lineup. The prices are pretty much the same as what we were in the spring season of last year.
Sharen Turney: We are looking at pricing opportunities, but we're being extremely mindful in that area. We also test a lot of pricing before we make a move. And the pricing action that we have taken, we've actually seen no resistance whatsoever. We have a good-better-best strategy. We're not walking away from the good-better-best strategy. And as we said before, we are really focused more on getting the right product at the right time to the customer.
Sharen Turney: Yes, I think in 2010, we were very pleased with our performance in our product launches, not only in the bra category but as well as in the Beauty category and in Pink. And as we think about what our learns [ph] were, is that how do we get better about tying the power of the bra launch into the power of our beauty. So as you saw in the fourth quarter, we actually came out with our Bombshell fragrance, which actually tied to the launch of the Miraculous, which we called Bombshell. So in 2011, you'll be seeing more of that strategy from us as well. And Pink will continue to bring in new product and newness and they are in an innovation around their bra category as well as the important category of loungewear. I think from a marketing perspective, we are a very highly, emotional brand, and we will continue to market our launches with every launch that we do have from a TV, social media perspective, so you'll see more of that from us as well in 2011.
Sharen Turney: No, the TV is about flat, except the problem is that, that you are going to have your TRPs are a little more expensive this year. So your TRPs are pretty much flat, a little higher because of inflation.
Diane Neal: Thank you, Sharen, and good morning. At Bath & Body Works, we are very pleased with the results of our fourth quarter. We were able to deliver growth in sales and operating income versus last year. We continue to deliver improved results versus our strong performance last year by maintaining focus on our top three categories, which is our Signature Collection product line, the Anti-Bacterial Soap and Sanitizer business and our Home Fragrance assortment. Performance improved on top of strong results last year in our Signature Collection, driven by the performance of our holiday collection and launches of our new fragrance, Secret Wonderland, the new Island Escape collection and the continued success of fragrances launched throughout the past year. The Anti-Bacterial business continued its strong growth trajectory, driven by growth in our Hand Soap and Sanitizer business, as well as performance in holiday fragrances and new seasonal forms. Our home fragrance sales also grew versus strong performance last year and continued to be driven by candles and seasonal fragrances, as well as the introduction of new forms and novelties in our diffuser [ph] category. Transactions were up versus last year, driven by an improvement in our conversion rate. Customers also spent more per transaction versus last year.  So with that backdrop, let me take you to the financial results in the quarter as detailed on Page 10 of the presentation. Bath & Body Works fourth quarter comps were up 6%. Total sales for the quarter were $1.1 billion, which was up 7% or $73 million versus last year. For the quarter, our operating income was $330 million, which is up $35 million or 12% from last year and represented a record performance. Operating income as a percentage of sales is 31% in the quarter and up to last year, driven by strong top line sales, improvements in merchandise margin rate and leveraging our expenses in the fourth quarter. Improvements in our merchandise margin rate continue to be driven by cost reduction. Our in-store promotional activity was comparable to last year in the fourth quarter. We also finished the quarter with inventory levels down to last year. This is our 15th consecutive quarter with inventories down year-over-year, while our in-stock positions continue to improve.  For fiscal 2010, as presented on Page 11, our operating income was $464 million, which is up $106 million or 29% versus last year and also represented record performance. Operating income as a percentage of sales is 18.4%, which is up 340 basis points to last year. The operating income performance was driven by comps of about 5%, improvements in merchandise margin rate and leveraging our expenses. The Bath & Body Works direct channel delivered strong sales and operating income growth, and we continue to view the direct channel as both a revenue generator and a marketing vehicle for our brand.  So with that in mind, in the first quarter, we will continue to introduce newness and innovation in both forms and fragrance. This month, we launched our newest Signature Collection fragrance, Carried Away, and will transition to the relaunch of our already successful fragrance, Japanese Cherry Blossom. We are very pleased that our focus in disciplined approach delivered record performance for the year. We're cautiously optimistic about the first quarter and continue to manage expenses and inventories conservatively. Our focus will be to get faster and better in understanding and satisfying our customers' needs, while providing them with a world-class, in-store experience. In addition to our focus on products and fragrance launches, we will continue to test and read the results of new product offerings and promotional strategies, maintaining flexibility in our inventories to react quickly to our customers' needs. And with that, I'll turn the discussion over to Martyn.
Diane Neal: Michelle, it's Diane. I think the increase in conversion and transaction process is really due to the amount of newness that we’ve offered. We changed the shop and we’re actually -- among the seasonal fragrances that we offer, as well as forms, is doubling last year. We seeing that business change dramatically across all three of our big core categories. It's more seasonally relevant versus year-round. So that was really the biggest driver. We had tons of marketing, but it was only in the Chicago market, external marketing. And our promotional strategy was basically flat to last year.
Diane Neal: We are always in a testing mode with price elasticity at BBW because we sell everything in multiples. So we're always looking for ways to drive price up or to drive more units and more basket. So where we have broadened units and we marked prices up, we've actually seen absolutely no resistance to that. So we'll continue to test those different strategies throughout the spring season to help us better inform fall and holiday of next year. And as far as -- I’ll just hit the other two questions you had for me, as far new product pipeline for spring, we're about double last year. And it's really due to the fact that, like I mentioned in the earlier answer, is that our business is being driven much more seasonally than it ever was in the past. So we have an opportunity for more seasonally relevant fragrance launches across all three of our businesses this spring that we didn't have last spring or as much last spring. And as far as costs being driven down, it really is a multiple of things, when you realize you have an opportunity and it goes from 10,000 units to 1 million units, there’s a cost advantage for that. And that has really helped drive a lot of our cost decreases over the last couple of years.
Diane Neal: I would say that we're basically probably there, and we will probably start to see modest cost increases this year, but again, offset hopefully by newness and more fashion relevance.
Diane Neal: Janet, it's Diane. As far as product launches, I think what we've learned is what I said earlier as far as the seasonality of our businesses, also the more frequent launches we can have across the categories, as well as the more fashion-forward type point of view and also more youthful. All of that has been resonating extremely well with our customers. The only thing I can say about marketing is we don't do a lot of television marketing. In fact, we're still in a test mode, and the tests in the Chicago market have been somewhat inconclusive. So we'll continue to test television through the spring season, just in Chicago. But we do probably have a little bit of additional marketing expense in our in-store experience because as we really blow up that experience in the fourth quarter, that we are testing throughout the spring to see if we can add more foot traffic by more engagement in store.
Martyn Redgrave: Neely, I think the first thing that I need to cover is that today, we have the La Senza international franchise business, which has been an established business for a number of years and is growing, as I’ve commented on. It operates today under more of a wholesale, franchise-type model. We're actually converting that more to a traditional royalty-based franchise model, and those agreements are more consistent across the world. The only other franchise arrangement we have today is the BBW franchise arrangements with Alshaya in the Middle East, and that is a royalty-based franchise model. You're right to say that demand for our brands across the globe is significant, and it's across the globe. The choices that we're making as to where to go, when to go and who to go with remain guided by some of the things I mentioned in my prepared remarks, which is we're being very careful, very planful, very purposeful about making sure that we take steps carefully into this new world of international franchising, for instance. And right now, we're very focused on the deals, the arrangements that we have with our La Senza partners and with Alshaya. And we really are not prepared to discuss going beyond that today.
Martyn Redgrave: So Paul, again, I think the pace that we've been on with our BBW expansion in Canada has been great and it’s been very successful. If you look at the aggregate of what I just announced in terms of 2011, the overall agenda for Martin Waters and his international business team, it is significant. There's a lot of things we're putting on the plan for 2011. And frankly, one of the trades that we've made in looking at resources, time, priorities is to continue the expansion of BBW in Canada but not exactly at the same pace. That has nothing to do with our performance or our concerns about our ability to expand in Canada over time, just simply a resources and priority decision. The other thing to note is we've increased our emphasis on expansion of the Victoria's Secret stores, and relatively speaking, in terms of square footage for instance because the Victoria's Secret stores are much bigger, the actual overall expansion of square footage in Canada in '11 will be very similar to '10, but it'll be the combination of VS and BBW.
Martyn Redgrave: I think, given that we're at 60 stores at the end of the year, 70-plus at the end of 2011 for BBW, we continue to see a lot of opportunity for that concept to expand in over the next x number of years. And I think probably, I think we've said in the past, Martin Waters has said in the past, 150 to 250 stores are potential in Canada. The VS stores -- and they continue to perform extremely well versus our U.S. averages, and we've said, 1.5 to 2x, that kind of average. The Victoria's Secret stores have come out of the box very strong. Remember that's still early days. They've only open, on average, probably four months. And the results, so far, have been extraordinary. And, again, the same kind of ratios of performance to the U.S. averages. That concept though, because it will be in addition to our La Senza business in Canada, probably would not expand as aggressively within Canada, as we've said. I think we've probably always said over the past couple of years, maybe 30 to 40 stores in total.
Martyn Redgrave: I'm not sure if I'll be able to comment on the VSD international, but let me start with La Senza. As I said in my remarks, the business is in the process of being transformed. And we’ve talked about that in the last three or four calls, still very much a work in progress, lots of progress being made. But as we’ve described today, the business was basically flat year-over-year in comps, and it's a breakeven business for us still today. In terms of prospects for the future, our goal and clear plan is to produce this kind of OI profitability, margin rate, if you will, from the La Senza Canada business, company-owned retail business that we would produce for our U.S. brands. It's, obviously, not there today, and that is the plan. How much progress we'll make in 2011 I really am not prepared to describe because it is, as I said, a work in progress. The other businesses, we've also described in more detail today in terms of how they're making contribution to the overall international results. And the last thing I would want to mention is, I think, in terms of the overall international business model, in addition to the company-owned retail business that we have in Canada with La Senza, Pink, VS, BBW, these other businesses that we're building, which is the franchise businesses and the Travel and Tourism businesses are a different business model. That's why I keep calling them businesses. It's not one business outside the United States. And for the T&T, what we call T&T, Travel and Tourism, and for the franchise businesses, it's important to remember that for those businesses, we'll be recognizing revenues that are based on a mix of wholesale, sales, royalty income and sourcing sales to those partnered businesses and that on those recognized revenues, we expect the profit contribution from those businesses that are growing at a very fast pace to be highly accretive to our overall operating income margin. Hopefully, it's helpful to you in terms of understanding how to think about that business. The last thing I'd say about international is, obviously as I’ve described, we're investing in people and new store opening costs and systems to support our growth, which is also constraining short-term profitability, obviously. In terms of the international Victoria's Secret Direct business, it is, and I want to repeat, it is the sixth priority of our six agenda items. And therefore, we're not putting as much time and effort against that opportunity as we are the first five. That said, we remain convinced that there’s a substantial opportunity there, and we're building additional systems and capabilities around that to improve the customer experience when the customer is ordering from us for international, from an international location, improve the shipping and handling experience and also improve the language experience. For instance, we have a Spanish-language site up, and we would look at doing additional languages when and if our retail operations are expanded into different geographies where that would be very helpful to our customers, so optimistic but not our top priority.
Martyn Redgrave: On Henri Bendel, just a couple of quick updates on there. I think overall, Henri Bendel had a very strong fourth quarter and full year performance in 2010. Sales margin, growth-driven, and we're very encouraged by that performance. As you remember, we have 10 new concept stores opened and of course the Fifth Avenue flagship store. We did, as you called out, we just recently announced that Chris Fiore has joined us to lead the Henri Bendel operations, and he'll partner with Bucciarelli, who leads the concept in accessories design and product development for Henri Bendel. Chris, as you probably know, Tom has deep experience in retail operations and developing brands. And he's worked at American Eagle most recently in their international businesses. He's also was the head of Coach retail, worked with Coach for a number of years. The bottom line is we remain very optimistic about the business, and we are planning, as you've seen in our analyst package information, to open an additional seven stores this year and really to further explore the potential of the new concept. It’s still in what I characterize a test-and-learn mode.
Martyn Redgrave: Janet, I think the simple answer to your question is yes, we expect that business to be a contributor to our profit in 2011. We believe we've made a lot of fundamental transformational changes, not the least of which is relocating the headquarters of the business in 2010. And we're on a path to the kind of profitability we’d expect us to deliver.
Martyn Redgrave: Well, it's a nice challenge to close the morning here. Jeff, I understand the question, and it's a reasonable question for you to ask. I think the key thing from my point of view is kind of what we've declared from the stage in our last two years of investor update meetings, and I'll repeat it today, which is we believe La Senza is another core brand to us. It represents a value position in the intimate apparel category that works well around the world today, not as well in Canada as we needed to work because we're transforming it. And we believe that it has a position in our portfolio of businesses, alongside of, not up against, but alongside of Victoria's Secret and Pink. And that it has a global expansion potential beyond its current distribution around the world. We're committed to making it work. Les is personally committed to making it work. He's spending a lot of time on it, and I have a tremendous confidence in Les, Martin Waters, Joanne Nemeroff and our management team that they are going to figure it out and get it right, whether it will produce exactly the same kind of profitability that our Victoria's Secret produces, probably not over time, but close to it is the ambition that we have. And I'm talking about operating margin rate. It's obviously a lower per store sales volume type of business because of its smaller box size and value position.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Paul, I would want to reiterate the point that I made in the prepared comments, but beyond that, the cost pressure will be back-half weighted. We have initial internal estimates of that. And, again, it'll be more back half weighted. But we're not going to quantify that externally. And, again, we're working hard to offset it through all the things we talked about.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: The biggest thing to understand, with respect to Q4, is the two things I referred to. So we did recognize a meaningful amount of additional expense related to stock compensation because, frankly, we just had a lot less turnover in our business, which we view by the way as a good thing. So we've had a lot of stability in leadership and management, and the effect of that is that our forfeiture rates on stock comp were down a lot. And between Q3 and Q4, for different groups and based on additional analysis, we trued that up, and the effect during the quarter was significant. In addition, I mentioned the write-off of a trade name, which was also significant, which is why we called it out. And when you isolate or pull those two things out, the flow-through, the profit flow through from sales in Q4 was about 40%, which is kind of an ongoing benchmark in my mind. Obviously, over the last several years, our profit flow-through from sales has been higher than that. But when you account for those two things I described, the flow-through about 40%, and again, I think that's really the delta on expenses and some views that folks may have had on operating income. With respect to going forward, our mindset is we've been consistent about this, and hopefully you see it in our numbers. We intend very clearly to grow expenses slower than sales. And we did that in 2010. We expect to do that in 2011. There is a little bit of increase and de-leverage Q1 in SG&A, driven by some additional investment in marketing, but that “de-leverage” in marketing and SG&A is not that significant at the end of the day. So the key message is that we will continue to be disciplined on it and grow expenses slower than sales.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Absolutely, yes. You open stores -- I mean, in explaining the dollar increase in SG&A growth, obviously, if you open stores, you're going to have increase in dollar expenses. And, again, store selling in aggregate leveraged as a percent of sales.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Michelle, as we mentioned, it's about 25% of the SG&A dollar increase. And just doing the math on that, on the fly here, it looks like that would be about 60 basis points on the total.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: So Tom, February comps are stronger than we thought they would be at the beginning of the month. And again, as we commented on, we think a high single result -- both big businesses are doing well, a little bit stronger at VS than Bath & Body, but again, both businesses doing very well. With respect to the balance of the quarter, the whole quarter, our view is very clear. And hopefully, it's clear to those that are following us and that invest in us, and that is that we're managing this business with a very conservative mindset. And then when we have demand, we're chasing very aggressively to satisfy our customers and realize the potential of that demand. So that's how we're thinking about our business. That's how we've been running our business for the last several years, and it seems to be working pretty well. Obviously, it hard to predict sales, Tom. But obviously, a conservative view for the quarter, and particularly given the strength we’ve seen so far in February.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Todd, with respect to inventory management, and again, it's probably getting a little boring to hear about it, but we're going to be very disciplined on it. We manage it very closely. And the “we” is a big we, most importantly at the brands. We would expect to grow inventory slower than sales, and we're very focused on continuing to improve turn, and a lot work going on there. With that said, we're not stupid. We know we sell high-margin goods, and we're very clear-minded about the cost of disappointing a customer. So we work hard and strike that down, and we measure inventory levels in units and dollars, and we measure in-stocks and out-of-stocks very regularly, so we're working hard to maintain that balance. We're very focused on it. We'll continue to be disciplined on it. In terms of guidance for the back half or unit views versus dollar views, I'm not going to get into those details. Again, I think the most important messages are the ones that I've just kind of reiterated and pretty consistent with what we've been doing for the last couple of years.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: I'll take the second part of the question first. We're very happy with the portfolio of the business we have now, meaning that we always read what people send us or we’re curious about what's out there. But with that said, a big part of our success over the last years has been having a more focused portfolio of businesses to run and those that are leaders in their categories. So we don't have a big M&A agenda per se. With respect to views about special dividends, we evaluate the return of cash periodically. We do it with our board. You can look at our track record over time, but it would be premature and not appropriate to comment about what we may do in 2011. We'll see how the year unfolds. And we try to make the right decisions based on facts and circumstances as they evolve. What is absolutely clear is that we return excess cash to shareholders through a combination of repurchases and dividends.
