Amie Preston: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to L Brands' second quarter earnings conference call for the period ending Saturday, July 29, 2017. As you know, we released detailed commentary last night, which is available on our website. As a matter of formality, I need to remind you that any forward-looking statements we may make today are subject to our safe harbor statement found in our SEC filings. Our second quarter earnings release, additional commentary and earnings presentation are available on our website, lb.com. Stuart Burgdoerfer, EVP and CFO; Nick Coe, CEO, Bath & Body Works; and Martin Waters, CEO of International, are all joining us today. Additionally, we have the Victoria's Secret brand leaders joining us for the first time on the call today: Denise Landman, CEO of PINK, who is joining us from another location; Jan Singer, CEO of Lingerie; and Greg Unis, CEO of Beauty. As a reminder, all results that we discuss on the call today are adjusted results and exclude the 2016 special items outlined in our press release. Thanks, and now I'll turn the call over to Stuart. 
Amie Preston: Thanks, Martin. So that concludes our prepared comments this morning. And at this time, we'd be happy to take any questions that you might have. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and I'll turn it back over to the operator. 
Amie Preston: So Simeon, I'm going to take the first part of the question. We actually said in the script that bra -- lingerie bra units were up mid-single digits and total lingerie bras were down high single. So I think based on that math, you can get back to the AUR result in the business. And with that, let's go to Greg for the Beauty question. 
Amie Preston: Thanks, John. That concludes our call today. Thanks, all, for joining us and for your continuing interest in L Brands. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Thanks, Amie, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter earnings per share decreased 31% to $0.48 per share, exceeding our initial guidance of $0.40 to $0.45. The earnings upside was delivered through expense control and nonoperating income gains. The comp decline of 8% was below our initial forecast for a mid-single-digit decline. Looking forward to the remainder of 2017, we expect continued solid performance at PINK and Bath & Body Works and continued improvement versus our first half results at Victoria's Secret Lingerie and Beauty. Given our below expectation second quarter sales result, our comp forecast for the third quarter is a more conservative low single-digit decline versus our previous view of up low single digits. We have strong brands that lead their categories with post connections to our customers. While store traffic, particularly at Victoria's Secret, has been challenging, we believe a large part of the decline is related to the exit of Swim and a pullback in promotional activity versus last year. Our online businesses continued to be strong with 11% growth in go-forward categories at Victoria's Secret and 16% growth at Bath & Body Works. Our stores have high sales productivity and 99% of our stores are cash flow positive. We have confidence in our upcoming product launches, and we will continue to leverage our speed and agility capabilities to read, react and fix. We will also continue to manage inventory, expenses and capital spending with discipline. With that, I'll turn the discussion over to Denise. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Thanks, Susan. So it's Stuart. In terms of the guidance, as outlined, we just reduced our assumptions around sales versus what we'd forecasted earlier in the year, so that is the driver. And with that said, we're -- this team is going to work very hard to maximize our opportunities this fall. As you know, we try to run the business conservatively as it relates to the management of inventory expenses, capital spending. And so we try to be thoughtful about our sales assumption in managing those things. And that same conservative mindset plays through to our guidance. We did beat the Q1 guidance that we put out and we're on the Q2 guidance as well. But the takedown, if you will, is sales related. With respect to your question or further perspective on traffic, at the end of the day, traffic is within our control. And we believe, based on brand and product and experiences in stores and online, that we have the opportunity to impact traffic, and we do when we're performing at our best. And so we'll be focused on getting the best result in the back half. But in terms of the takedown, it is sales driven fundamentally. Thanks. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: We had some merchandise margin rate improvement in Q2, as we reported, and we would expect to have some improvement in Q3 and Q4 as well. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Short answer is yes. We're getting good results. We've learned a lot, Kimberly, as we've talked about over the last 6 to 12 months, and we're seeing pretty strong response to the direct mail activity that we've been pursuing. Thanks. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Yes, Paul. As you know, we don't get too granular about guidance by segment because there's variability even at the company level and obviously, further variability as you break it down into parts. With that said, as we think about it and trying to be somewhat responsive to your question, we would expect stronger results in the businesses that have had stronger recent trends. So that might be an extremely obvious point. But we would expect a continuation and further improvement in all of our businesses. But in terms of absolute traffic and comp results, the businesses are in different places, as described. We're expecting improvement through the fall season across the Victoria's businesses and a continued strong performance at Bath & Body Works. So that'd really be the color. But in terms of getting details about traffic for PINK versus Beauty and all that, it just gets so granular. I'm not sure that it's helpful. We plan the business conservatively. We're optimistic about the fall. Bath & Body Works had a strong spring season. PINK had a strong spring season. And Lingerie and Beauty made a lot of progress as well, and we believe we've got improvement opportunity across the portfolio. Thanks. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Yes, Brian. With respect to inventory, you've been following us for a long time, you know what our commitment is, which is to grow inventory in line with sales. We've done that very consistently for a long period of time. There's nothing that's changed about that point of view. With that said, we want to make sure that we're in stock and appropriately positioned to have a good fall. In terms of the guidance about the third quarter, I would describe it as consistent with that thinking. It is up a little bit but not significantly, and there's a little bit of timing involved. But our commitment to manage inventory in line with sales was as strong as ever. And some of this is what we're lapping and cycling. But again, it's a pretty conservative position. We ended the spring season very clean. We've got a lot of agility, which is great. And we'll manage inventory in line with the sales trend. Thanks. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Anna, it's Stuart. On the August comp guidance, when we began the month, we said down low to mid. We don't have further comment on that today. The back-to-school period for PINK is an important one. They had a good back-to-school result. But we're not commenting beyond that for August. We report every month, as you know, but no significant update to that. With respect to cash and -- sorry, sequentially, through the quarter, the biggest change through the quarter will be, as we've described, the diminishing effect of the non-go-forward exit. And so sequentially, that will become less and less as we go through the fall season, including by month in the third quarter. So that's the additional color we'd provide on the comp. With respect to cash, as you know, we are -- we have a very strong record and commitment to returning excess cash to shareholders, and we had spoken a lot about that. You're familiar with it. We are executing under our share repurchase authorization. We're also paying a very healthy regular dividend, as you're aware, right now, given recent earnings results at a very high payout ratio and a very attractive yield to shareholders. But we remain committed to returning excess cash to shareholders using regular dividends through repurchase programs and from time to time, with special dividends. We consult with our board about that, as you would expect. And we'll continue to execute against our authorized programs. So that's kind of where we are on that. Thank you. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: So it's Stuart. I'll take the second part of that question first. As a general matter, low to mid-single comp, which gets to a mid-single revenue growth, typically will allow us to have slight leverage in our business in a normal period of time, which -- implicit in your question. You recognized '16 and '17 haven't been normal given the volume declines related to the category exits in the China investments that you're familiar with. So 3% to 5% comp, mid-single revenue gets to slight leverage would be how we think about it. With respect to the back half of the year, in comparison to the first half of the year, we are making significant investments in real estate. We've moderated those, as you know, in our updated script or our commentary in the script. We took our CapEx guide down $50 million additional recently. So at $800 million versus $850 million. But with that said, we're making, we think, very important and as Nick commented on, successful investments, particularly in Bath & Body Works and otherwise in real estate. And so it's driving pressure in the occupancy line. What's different about the back half versus the first half is we're going to have volume increases, dollar volume increases in the back half of the year versus the declines in the first half. And so on a dollar basis, we'll have some variable expenses that run with that. So on a dollar increase, there'll be more in the back half than there was in the first half driven by volume and again, the percent growth in expenses, including some pressure related to the CapEx and the occupancy. Thanks. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Yes. Adrienne, with respect to the real estate, stores, rent reductions, our thinking has been pretty consistent. Now we review the facts and the data on a very regular basis and take appropriate action and as I mentioned before, reducing our plans in 2017 significantly a couple of times. But to reiterate our philosophy on it and to be very clear about it, including the example that Jan spoke about a minute ago in terms of that in-store experience in bra fitting, the store part of our business is critical, whether it's fragrance at Bath & Body Works or bra fittings at Victoria's Secret Lingerie or Victoria's Secret PINK or fragrance at Victoria's Secret Beauty. The in-store experience is a critical part of our brands, our customer experience, et cetera, just inherent in the categories of business that we're in. Secondly, as you know, our sales productivity, our financial results, our metrics related to our store fleet are very, very strong on the selling foot basis with productivity over $800 a foot in total and continuing at 99% of our stores being cash flow positive. An additional point I would make is that we are opening and closing stores literally every year. And so based on performance and consumer experience, we very actively manage our real estate fleet. With respect to the number of stores that we should have for the business, at the end of the day, that will be performance based. Again, a store-based experience, we believe, is foundational to our major brands and it'll be performance based to go. And we see the opportunity for some additional square footage in North America and obviously, significant expansion internationally. We have a lot of flexibility in the CapEx, and we have a lot of flexibility with respect to our situation in the lower tier malls with co-tenancy and named tenant provisions in our leases and a meaningful number of stores with very short lease term or even month-to-month lease provisions that contribute to our ability to close them when it makes sense. So with respect -- lastly, with respect to rent reductions, to be frank, it's not a key part of our real estate strategy. You know what they say about real estate, it is about location, location, location. And the biggest priority or the highest priority that we have with respect to our relationship with our developer partners is to get terrific locations that provide great experiences for customers, a lot of footfall, a lot of sales productivity, a lot of revenue, a lot of profit. And so that's our dominant focus with the major developers. With that said, we've got a very experienced real estate team and we're not looking to overpay, and we don't believe that we do. But it's not our key real estate strategy to figure out how to get rent reductions. Our key real estate strategy is to ensure that we're in the right location with compelling store designs that set us up well currently and for the future. So hopefully, that answers your question. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Janet, if I understood your question right, you're asking about the relative level of sales growth for lingerie, PINK and Beauty, if I understand the question completely. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Yes, we would -- we believe that with respect to the overall Victoria's Secret comp, we would expect that PINK would have the strongest result and that Beauty and Lingerie, in terms of absolute level of comp, would not be at the same level, but will improve through the fall season. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Janet, it should be very healthy over time. So we would expect, in any major category of business that we have, and sports certainly is one today and we'll have substantial growth potential, but it will has a very healthy margin rate over time. 
Jan Singer: Thanks, Denise. Hi. It's Jan Singer, CEO of Victoria's Secret. It's really great to be on the call today. Coming into L Brands and to Victoria's Secret with 15 years in beauty, over 10 years in sports and most recently in intimates, I'm really excited to bring Victoria's Secret Lingerie, my passion for the consumer and the customers that we have, the insights that they bring, understanding of innovative, aspirational product creation and their really close understanding of supply chain and agility. In addition to that, brand programs that are authentic and engaging and will continue to build loyalty and conversion for our existing and new customers into the business. The vision going forward is that there are many ways to run this offense, and I am on the offense to mine for long-term sustainable growth with 4 clear filters. Number one and always first is knowing her. Putting the consumer at the center, deeply knowing her today, what she expects from products and experiences that speak sexy to her, not just to him. Number two, solving her sexy, which means really strengthening the core of our business with bras that are our best at in design, innovation, fit and finishing. Bras with the benefits and key adjacent categories that also bring fashion and fantasy for her are the focus. Thirdly, serving her, where she wants to shop, when she wants to shop in an elevating, engaging, brand-accretive way, all powered by building a high-performing team and culture of diversity and inclusion. That culture is what breeds innovation. Innovation is what helps us build the best at bras and when we do, we get paid for that work. My focus right now and for this past year has been on the deep consumer connection, literally beginning the experience with working in stores and being in the market every week since day 1. The consumer connection we have with millions of women is a competitive advantage every day. From that, we build product in the most excellent, innovative form, resetting how we, as a team, optimize our merch, design, planning, supply chain teams for speed, relevance and innovation is a new way of working and one that I'm excited to bring and lead the team on. And with the team, we are in -- on the offense of building world-class high-performing talent. We have a balance of undeniable internal experience from L Brands and a balance of new team members that bring a lens of innovative thinking to the mix. That chemistry and competency is job one in building a high-performing team. This quarter, it begins with bras. The #1 job was balancing the assortment, making sure that we have choices of sexy for her. We have a cornerstone in the business of the push-up bra, and we went to the bralette business and now we're finding a lot of sexy in the middle. Balancing that assortment and bringing sexy solutions as well as fantasy and fashion in constructed bras is the way to go for us going forward. We're also resetting the panty architecture for the mix business, when she just want cheap and cheerful, fast fashion as well as disruptive single-ticket pinnacle product. In addition to the time this quarter, we are obsessing holiday. Holiday is an everyday conversation for us, and we plan on coming into the quarter with holiday plans dialed. Transitioning the team has been our focus this quarter and also, learning from last Retail 101 so that we can write the future together. I'm most excited to see the deep, deep consumer engagement that we have as a team, given the access to the customers. I'm excited to see the reset and return of the right level of loyalty. We have an incredibly loyal customer today, and building new loyals is a mission for us and reactivating our existing customers has also been a focus. I'm excited for the future ahead, and it's a pleasure and an honor to be at the brand at this time. I'm now going to turn it over to Greg Unis. 
Jan Singer: Kimberly, it's Jan Singer. Thanks for the question. I think that when we use the marketing strategically in a brand-accretive way, we have the opportunity to engage existing customers and make her aware of the new product that's coming. In addition, we have the opportunity to engage new customers that we believe would really have a great experience with the brand. So the idea is to make sure that what we're doing is brand accretive, inspiring and drives traffic and conversion. So yes, that's a strategy for us. 
Jan Singer: Thanks for the question. On panties, I think there's a few things in play. Number one is we moved from highly promotional free panty conversation into resetting the line and the architecture and making sure that we have content on a couple of different levels beginning. On the 5-for business, which is our entry price point, the content needs to be absolutely on point, which requires a fast fashion model. We fortunately have speed. So resetting that proposition and getting on our existing speed model is job one. Number two is we've had some success and we need to build on it in what we call the single ticket and the more elevated panties where we disrupt the marketplace. Our job is to push the edge and bring new sexy silhouettes to the market. And when we do, she comes in and she transacts. So we're resetting that opportunity. We think that's a part of the -- of, clearly, the growth for panty future. In addition, yes, there's attachment rate to bras as well. And as we bring new product and we bring the logical balance to that business, we'll see that traction in panties. So I'm very confident in the architecture go forward. I'm confident in using the fast fashion model as well as the more elevated. And I think we'll see a healthier panty business with more loyals going forward. In terms of the mailing, brand accretive offers mean that we're offering an opportunity to trial in a way that we are proud of and we continue to get repeat purchasing at. And we offer direct connection with the customer in a segmented way that shows to her that we know her and show her new products that are for her. When we do that, it feels personal, and it is, and she comes in and checks out the business. And I think that's what we're trying to build on when we say brand-accretive product marketing. 
Jan Singer: No, let me just clarify. Thanks for the question. It -- we did not talk about lowering price point on panties at all. In fact, we think there's more opportunity in the upward motion than the down. The 5-for business is the 5-for business, and we've been aggressive about making sure that we're on a price value. The opportunity I'm talking about is making sure that our team is as fast as possible on content and that the conversation we're having with the customer through the design of that panty is current. We're doing a lot of things to reset, make sure we put more value in those panties but not take price down. In addition, what I -- sorry. Yes, go ahead. 
Jan Singer: I think that when we talk about panties and promotions, it's a balance and we have to be selective. Do I want new customers to know what we have? Yes. Is there a brand-accretive way to do that without giving away panties to everybody that walks in the store? I do believe so. So for me, panties are our business. They're not just a marketing tool. And we'll be continuing to build that business and getting paid for that work. And we'll balance that with trial when we think that we can get a conversion from that conversation. 
Jan Singer: It's Jan Singer. So I would say, on your first question, as we go to balance out the assortment, especially on bras, from a bralette predominant conversation, we expect to see AURs go up, of course, because constructed bras are bras with benefits and we get paid for that work. So in terms of that AUR conversation, that's our intention. 
Jan Singer: All right. Thank you for the question and the opportunity to talk about that for a bit. Yes, we were able to -- actually, a couple of interesting things I'll share. We actually reduced the assortment in that collection by 30% and made plan in comp last year's 2 different collections with the one assortment, which the assortment was a mix of a few bras, the refresh and 3 new bras. And we saw our product deliver plan -- really on plan. The most exciting thing about that product was that we brought new customers into the mix and new customers for us in an exciting, fresh way that the silhouettes that are new, not necessarily the existing. So I was really pleased with the execution of that launch, and I was pleased with the results. And more importantly, the engagement with the customer was exciting. In addition to that, the engagement on social media with the customer about the bra itself was exciting. So I think that was a leading indicator that when we build the business that -- in a way that connects with her and fits and feels good, she will come. So it's the beginning of the beginning. 
Jan Singer: Yes. So I think that I wasn't here more than a year ago, but my understanding getting here was that we had a dramatic shift in our marketing programs, and we needed to do that for a very good reason, so we could reset to get to the right customers at the right level. So perhaps that pause had a conversation with our engagement. No matter where we are now is really understanding who's in our file and how to reach her best. So we have had almost as much as 40% engagement with customers that we haven't talked to in quite some time. And that's a very positive reconnection for us and an important one to make. 
Jan Singer: Thanks, Dana, for the question. I think I'll take it a little bit high and then go detailed for you where I can. Theoretically, having a push-up bra constructed business is a really important part of the mix. Giving her choices of sexy with bralettes was a good do. Finding the balance between those businesses with the constructed bras that provide options of silhouette for her is an important, important part of the future. So I think it's important to say that bralettes and unconstructed bras have a place in the assortment, but they trend up and down. And so we're in the business of building bras. And I think that you and I probably know, if you've worn a bralette for more than a day, trying to wear them from the rest of your life is probably not your best option. So we're in the business of building bras at that have a lot of make and benefit in them, and we're in the fashion business. So when bralettes trend and they're important, we will have them in the mix, as we do right now. So I think it's about choices and making sure that we have balance in there. And we -- when we start to roll launches forward, like we did with T-Shirt, we see her responding and really excited and the launch is going forward is the same. So it's a balance. In terms of the stores, what I'm really passionate about is the balance of our selling, being able to be where she wants to shop. So we have a healthy digital business. And bra fitting happens in person. And as a person who spent 3 months in the store, 6 days a week for over 10 hours a day and became certified as a bra fit specialist for Victoria's Secret, we offer a very life-changing experience in that fitting room, and I'm very serious about that. It can only happen in person. It's a really important part of our experience. And when you have a retail store that offers an environment with an experience that's elevating, aspirational, brand right, she comes in. So I think when we have a product like bras and we have a place like our stores and we have specialists like our associates, we have a reason to drive engagement in that space. 
Jan Singer: Thanks, Adrienne. It's Jan. So in terms of launches, I mean, the edict, I think, if you're in this business, is constant newness. So we will continue to flow constant newness faster than most due to our speed model. So there's a difference between newness in launches, and I recognize that. We will have the appropriate amount of launches that bring bras that have the right build in them. And when you cadence those correctly, I think that we can create spikes that matter for the business. In terms of the mix, it's less than 5% of bralettes as we go forward. Again, I think anybody can make a bralette and that was a moment that will come and go and it will come again. But for us, we make constructed bras best. And when we do, even in our bralette business, bralettes that have more construction in them, we get paid for that work. 
Jan Singer: Okay. Thanks, Roxanne, for the question. In terms of category, it's a great question. Clearly, we're going to be strong at the core with bras and panties, our best at -- and win that categories. But it's not lost on us, the key adjacent categories matter that we're in. The sleep business and the sexy lingerie business are categories that have higher velocity at fashion and churn. I think right now, as you can see in trend, lingerie worn on the street, pajamas as apparel is a thing, a real thing. And we are taking our fair share of that business. It's a fast fashion model, and we're optimizing our speed to get there, brings her back to the store more often than we have at our core, which then gets our core stronger. So I think we have to be really focused on the core and cognizant of the appropriate adjacent categories and how to grow them. In terms of the changes, I look at it from the beginning. When you walk in the door, it's all yours, team player, all-in day 1. So when -- in the conversation of the product that I personally am affecting, as much as I can, as fast as I can, as ready as they are. So there's percentage of change that you're feeling right now that I've clearly been focused on from upstream innovation to product creation and assortment. And you'll feel more as the holiday season comes and then again, into '18, it's just a build. But I think starting fall forward, it begins. 
Jan Singer: Thank you, Marni, for the question. I think we're seeing -- I know we're seeing our new customers come in, and the average age of that customer, in both our existing business, like a BBV Demi and the new businesses of T-Shirt, the customer, we have the demographics of who she is and she is younger. That's very exciting for us because everybody wants to fill the file with the new as well as engage our important existing high-value customers. So it's not -- a bra is not a barrier of entry for her. When the bra fits and it feels like it's changing her expectation of what it should do in a good way, she's coming in. And I was more impressed with that when I worked in the fitting room personally. And I will tell you, for instance, the BBV Demi, which is our tried and tested and most famous bra, she is opting into. So that's exciting. I don't see not having a high penetration of bralettes equaling not having a new customer, quite the opposite. 
Jan Singer: No, it -- there is no barrier for price. And again, what's interesting is the bra itself has a price, but then what she builds her basket to is always much higher. When you have a bra and we know this, that fits and helps you feel confident, sexy, whatever your goal is, there is really no barrier to price on that, especially one that will work with your body, feel comfortable. I think we've seen time and again, especially from the younger customer. It doesn't seem to be a barrier at all on our side of the business in terms of constructed bras, no. 
Jan Singer: Sure. Janet, yes, happy to talk about it. I think in general, we're very excited about the sport business. You can see our trajectory over time has been a growth driver, and it is a growth opportunity for the business. At the end of the day, the center of the business is around the sport bra. And we know, no sport bra, no sport for her. So that's an important part of our business. And again, we're excited with new launches that are coming in that space. Our bottoms business has also been a rapid growth driver for us. The more that we come out with our core, core fashion and then really provocative sport, I like to say, when we're more girl than grrr, we win. So we have a unique position to be in this space relative to bras and bras and sport having to perform. And the second thing about really sport sexy is strong, and we're on the business of fashion and sexy and we tie those 2 things together. She's coming in. We're also seeing a high penetration of new customers to the business. In addition, I'm most excited about the repeat customer that's coming in as well. So we're building loyal. It's an exciting category. 
Jan Singer: John, it's Jan. Thanks for getting in under the wire. That's awesome. Number one, most of the time, as I mentioned earlier, but I want to make sure I'm really clear about it, is that the focus is deep customer connection and making great product, job one. So I've spent this year really up in the value chain, way up into innovation, product creation. Our supply chain, ensuring speed and agility as well as our merchandising assortment. So I'm deep into that space. And without that, I can't market anything. So I'm really excited about the time spent there. That said, we know the marketing space in total for the universe is changing, and it's about performance marketing and we are embracing that notion. We have the mission of attracting, engaging and converting new customer as well as engaging our existing. Our new CMO will be joining the brand in September, this fall on boarding. So that is important for the VSL business. And you mentioned the show, though I can't say too much about it, what I will say is Greg and I are deeply connected into this event to make sure that it actually ticks and ties to the business, and we're excited about what that means for our activity and traffic and conversion for holiday. 
Nicholas Coe: Thanks, Greg, and good morning. I'd like to just add really just a couple of words of color to go with the black and white script that we sent out, where we -- you can see we continue to grow the business and the operating income on top of a pretty solid last year. So I'd like to start by stating the obvious, and that's -- it really goes without saying, our most valuable assets is our brand. And our focus in assets in the last 6 months have been a critical part of us of moving the business forward. So what's really not visible in the script, so the major investments we've made in 2 really critical areas to help move both the top line and the bottom line, and we've been able to do that at the same time as growing the business. So during the last 6 months, the last couple of quarters, we've significantly increased the amount of newness, new product categories and new product testing. And that's a pretty big change versus recent history. I'm really referring to newness that isn't just seasonal updates on new fragrance launches. It's significant new newness for the store. And this has been invaluable for us because it's provided us with some critical insights that will really help us define what's important to keep the brand relevant and remain category dominant. Secondly, we've continued our disciplined approach in investing in the fleet, making sure the stores are updated, making sure the stores are exciting and obviously, interesting for the customers shopping. And that investment will bring us to the end of the year to about 420 stores, and the investment should continue as we go forward. And as you know, we talk a lot about the importance of the customer experience, the store experience and how frankly that obviously translates into sales. And I really both of these 2 initiatives contributes significantly to us building the health of the brand, which, once again, is our most valuable asset and really sets us up for success. So in summary, I think it's important to note, we've pushed hard on these 2 initiatives, and we've done it in a manner that has allowed us to drive top line and bottom line at the same time. And with that, I'll hand it over to Martin. 
Nicholas Coe: I think July for us was really about a transitional month. I talked earlier on a lot about the amount of change, the amount of product testing that we've put in, the amount of differentiated assortment. I mean, July is pretty transitional anyway as we exit sales and start thinking about being in the fall season. So I really look at that slower slowdown in performance pretty much through the lens of it was transitional and it was about a lot of changes and some very interesting changes under the covers in terms of mix, assortments, et cetera. Thanks. 
Nicholas Coe: I think you're really going to start to see the newness around, more specifically as we get into September, October, November. So a lot of the learnings that took place during the first half of the year has started to impact the assortment more aggressively as you get later on into the year. So I'm looking forward to September. There's an awful lot of change in newness coming in from there that builds all the way into holiday so that we're sitting in the peak period of the year with probably the most amount of change. 
Nicholas Coe: A couple of thoughts on that. So as usual, we get a pretty wide range of performance from the new real estate. But in general, it continues to meet our expectations that allows us to continue to make those investments. So we see a pretty solid ROI, very consistent with what we've seen, frankly, over the past -- course of the past 3 years. So we continue to be pretty happy with that. I think the biggest thing is around customer-ship, John. So we see a high degree of new customers coming into the store because it's a better experience, it's a new experience. We see, obviously, overall traffic is up in those stores, which is a key driver to the success behind it. And I think at the end of the day, the real value in there is it's an opportunity to introduce the brand in its best format and its most exciting format and the opportunity to introduce the newest products in the best format. So we continue to -- in summary, I think we continue to be excited with the performance. The performance has been consistent, and we'll continue to invest in those stores over the course of the next couple of years until we find out otherwise. 
