Amie Preston: Thanks, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Limited Brands First Quarter Earnings Conference Call for the period ending Saturday, April 30, 2011.  As a matter of formality, I need to remind you that any forward-looking statements we may make today are subject to our Safe Harbor statement found in our SEC filings. Our first quarter earnings release and related financial information, including any non-GAAP or adjusted financial reconciliation tables, are available on our website, limitedbrands.com. Also available on our website is an investor presentation, which we will be referring to during this call. This call is being taped and can be replayed by dialing 1-866-NEWS-LTD. You can also listen to an audio replay from our website.  Stuart Burgdoerfer, EVP and CFO; Sharen Turney, CEO of Victoria's Secret; Diane Neal, CEO of Bath & Body Works; and Martyn Redgrave, EVP and Chief Administrative Officer, are all joining us today. After our prepared comments, we will be available to take your questions for as long as time permits. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and now I'll turn the call over to Stuart.
Amie Preston: Thanks, Martyn. At this time, we're happy to take any questions you might have. [Operator Instructions] Michelle, I'll turn it back over to you.
Amie Preston: Thanks, Stacy. We're actually going to go to Sharen first for the second part of your question, and then we'll go for Martyn for international.
Amie Preston: Great. That concludes our call for today. Thanks, everybody, for joining us and for your continuing interest in Limited Brands.
Diane Neal: Thank you, Sharen, and good morning. As I'm sure most of you have already heard by now, since we made the announcement on Tuesday, that I've decided to return to San Francisco, which would require me to leave my role as CEO of Bath & Body Works. As you can all imagine, this has been a very difficult decision. I have an amazing team, we have great momentum in the business, and we've accomplished so much over the last 4 years. However, my personal life has been on the West Coast, and in an effort to create more balance, I decided to relocate. The good news is that I will be transitioning to advisory role to help on-board Nick Coe, who was formerly President at Lands' End, who will be joining us in early July.  For those of you who haven't met Nick yet, let me assure that the brand will be in very capable hands. Nick has an incredible track record as a merchant and is as customer-centric as we are at Bath & Body Works. I am convinced that the brand will continue to deliver incredible results under his leadership.  So let me discuss Bath & Body Works results for the first quarter. We were able to deliver significant sales and operating income growth versus last year. We continue to deliver improved results versus strong performance last year by maintaining focus on our 3 key categories, which are the Signature Collection product line, the anti-bac soap and sanitizer business and our home fragrance assortment.  Performance improved on top of strong results last year in Signature Collection driven by the launches of new fragrances like Carried Away and Country Chic, as well as the relaunch of our already very successful fragrance, Japanese Cherry Blossom. The anti-bac business continued to deliver growth, driven by our hand soap and sanitizer business. Performance in those businesses was driven by increasing fragrance and fashion newness in PocketBac and soap collections.  Our home fragrance sales also grew versus strong performance last year and continue to be driven by candles and new seasonal fragrances, as well as growth in new forms and novelties in our diffuser category. Transactions were up versus last year driven by traffic and improvement in our conversion rate. Customers also spent more per transaction versus last year. So with that backdrop, let me take you through the financial results for the quarter. Turning to Page 10 of the presentation. Bath & Body Works first quarter comps were up 11%. Total sales for the quarter were $480 million, up 11% or $49 million versus last year. For the quarter, our operating income was $54 million, which was up $16 million or 44% from last year. Operating income as a percentage of sales was 11% in the quarter and up significantly to last year. Operating income was driven by the positive sales comps, modest improvements in merchandise margin rate and expense leverage. Both buying and occupancy and SG&A leveraged in the first quarter.  We also finished the quarter with inventory levels down to last year, and we continue to drive inventories down year-over-year while our in-stock positions continue to improve. The Bath & Body Works Direct channel also delivered strong sales and operating income growth versus last year. In the second quarter, we will continue to introduce newness and innovation in both form and fragrance. This month, we launched our newest Signature Collection fragrance, Into The Wild, and we'll also launch a new collection of coconut-inspired fragrances. The anti-bac and home fragrance businesses will also introduce fashion and newness in fragrances and in form.  We're cautiously optimistic about the second quarter, and we will continue to manage expenses and inventory conservatively. Our focus continues to be getting faster and better in understanding and satisfying our customers' needs while providing them with a world-class, in-store experience. In addition to focusing on product and fragrance launches, we will continue to test and read the results of new product offerings and promotional strategies, while maintaining flexibility in our inventory to react quickly to our customers' needs.  Earlier, I mentioned that the brand will be in good hands with Nick, but I should not -- but I should also say the brand will be in fantastic hands not only with Nick but with the entire senior leadership team. That's Andrew Maslow, Amy Hauk, Ken Montera, Camille McDonald, Tom Ramsey and the entire BBW team. So with that, I'm going to turn the discussion over to Martyn.
Diane Neal: Marni, first of all, thank you for saying that. And Nick is not fully on board until July. He will be on-boarding with me until that point. But as far as fashion, we continue to work not only in the PocketBac category; we've done it across all of our categories by the amount of fragrance newness that we have across soaps and Signature and home fragrance. It's about double and we'll continue with that cadence. And we continue to look at our business at, "How much basic fragrances do we need on a year-round basis?" And we continue to weed out where we don't need them, and continue to pump up the amount of seasonal things that we have coming in as well as fashion. So I mean, it's -- our business now is a fashion business across all the categories and -- which is actually pretty exciting because that helps us add to the top line better than having a basic commodity business. So I anticipate that continuing. And Nick's got a lot of fashion in his background, so I think he'll continue when he starts.
Diane Neal: Yes, Janet. First of all, thank you for your kind words. And also as far as an advisory role, last night have been -- are in conversations and I'm willing to help out as long Nick or Les [Leslie Wexner] need me to.
Diane Neal: We basically have our merchandising and putting the marketing piece together as we speak for holidays, so it'll pretty much be in place. But, as you know, managing the business day-to-day is pretty significant in our business.
Diane Neal: Okay, Jennifer, I'll take your first comment on May comps. So we didn't update guidance, obviously, about May on in this call, but you shouldn't read that -- anything into that one way or another. And then, Stuart, for the 15% margin.
Diane Neal: Well, we're continuing to -- first of all, thank you, Jennifer. We're continuing to read some of the other tests that we have out there. We have mixed results depending on the type of tests that we have and Les has actually challenged us on a whole other level to make this a little different. And I don't want to share too much of it, but it's to take a whole new level of how we look at the stores and kind of how the loyalty-type club programs are. So you'll probably be seeing a lot more tests going forward into the fall season and into next year. But as far as the credit card, our AURs are so low that I don't know still that if it makes sense for us to have a credit card in our business.
Diane Neal: The way we run our promotional business for probably the last 18 months is we plan it flat, and then we pull back in season where we need to. And we still see significant opportunity for us to pull back on our promotional strategy. Victoria's Secret, as a total brand, both in the store channel and the direct channel, have really been on a pathway for the last 3 years to really pull back through sale promotional time frames. I think there's still some opportunity. As you know, we really have just now, 2 big events a year, which is within our semi-annual sale. I think there's opportunity more on the direct side and a little bit on the store side.
Martyn Redgrave: Thanks, Diane, and good morning, everyone. On our last earnings call, I spent quite a bit of time updating you on our strategy to grow our international businesses. The summary of what I -- we covered on that call is that we recognize that we have tremendous international growth opportunities for all the brands as we expand outside the United States. We remain on track in the execution of our international strategy and continue to be very pleased with the performance of all of our new international stores.  As you can see on Page 11 of the presentation, we, along with our partners, will open approximately 100 to 135 new stores this year. In the first quarter, our partners opened 7 new La Senza international locations and one Travel and Tourism store, which by the way, we're now calling the Victoria's Secret Beauty and Accessories stores, a change in name that clarifies, I think, the brand positioning of that concept. Just after the close of the quarter, we opened 2 more Victoria's Secret stores in Canada and the customer response to all of these new stores has been terrific.  Before we take your questions, I'll close my comments by discussing La Senza's first quarter performance. Total sales increased 3% to $88.3 million in the first quarter. This was driven by foreign currency translation and a mid-single-digit increase in reported revenue in the international businesses, which was partially offset by a 4% comp decline in the Canadian stores. Our bra category delivered modest growth, led by the launch of our Body Kiss bra and the continued success of our Hello Sugar and Perfectly Me styles. The gross margin rate declined, driven by a significant decline in the merchandise margin rate.  The decrease in the merchandise margin rate was driven by a mix shift to the international business, which has a lower margin rate, and also by a decline in the merchandise margin rate in the Canadian stores, and that was driven by foreign currency and increased promotional activity. The operating loss improved slightly on a dollar basis and significantly on a rate basis.  We're encouraged by the growth in the bra business and continue to be focused on refining our assortment and establishing a strong brand that resonates with our target customers. However, it is clear that our La Senza business remains a work in progress.  So in closing, I want to reiterate that we continue to be pleased with the company's overall performance, which was driven by an intense focus on the fundamentals, coupled with an orientation of getting faster and more agile and also staying close to our customers. We'll maintain this discipline and focused approach, and we clearly see opportunities to continue to get even better. Thanks, and I'll now turn it back over to Amie for questions.
Martyn Redgrave: I think the key thing to say about Les' commitment is he's very committed to the core brands in the United States and also our expansion outside the United States. I mean, he will talk about the amount of time he spends on it, relatively speaking. But the fact is, he's committed to all the parts of the business and working very hard alongside of the rest of the management team to make all of it work. In terms of our international expansion plans, the things that we -- and we've kind of discussed this in a great detail or more detail on the year-end earnings call, we remain on track with all the expansion plans that we've previously described. The London flagship store for next year, as you called out, is the next step beyond North America for Victoria's Secret. The expansion of Bath & Body Works outside the United States through our partners in the Middle East and Turkey is part of our plans for this year. And beyond that, geographically -- well, sort of in addition to that, the expansion of this Victoria's Secret Beauty and Accessories concept formerly known as T&T remains a priority for global expansion. And in addition to that, the La Senza international business, which we're very committed to, working very hard on because we believe that brand is well positioned for expansion globally. All of those remain on track and on plan. Geographically beyond that, we're continuing to be curious about other parts of the world, Asia, South America and elsewhere, and we've not yet decided on where we would go next.
Martyn Redgrave: La Senza, as I mentioned in my brief remarks, is -- continues to be in the process of transformation. I just want to remind everybody they are only 9 months into this process of transformation in the sense of we relocated the management team. We've got a new leadership team in place. We've now repositioned the brand in terms of its brand positioning to be more of a fun, flirty and sexy brand positioning. We repositioned the assortment to focus on bras and panties. All of that is a work in progress and only 9 months old. So knowing the track record we have for building brands, I would suggest we need to be patient and stay the course. The other thing I'd say about Canada is if you've tracked any of the competitive results in Canada, it's interesting. The Canadian retail market is actually quite challenging right now. And while traffic is significantly negative, and so in addition to the transformational challenges that the management team is working their way through the Canadian retail market, it has presented more headwinds than we're seeing in the United States.
Martyn Redgrave: Stacy, it's a challenging question because I know people can be frustrated about the pace. The best way for me to answer that is with the things that we've said very consistently over the past 2 years. Number one, we're focused on our core brands in the United States. We have great core brands in United States with great growth opportunities. Our international expansion, therefore, is paced at a rate that will not distract us from that first report -- primary mission. With the VS brand, we believe is a very complicated brand to deliver to the rest of the world because of the complex nature of the brand, the multi-sub-brand categories, the big box positioning, et cetera. The La Senza brand, the BBW brands are easier and less complicated, and that's the reason we've been focused on those brands principally in the early days. We're very encouraged by the results that we're seeing in Canada, not just the customer sales and profitability results but also the operating results, in other words demonstrating that we are able to operate a big box Victoria's Secret store outside the United States. Our next step in that dance will be the London store, and that will help us to demonstrate our ability, operationally, to do that across the ocean and do that well. And then beyond that, I think that will open the doors to further expansion of the Victoria's Secret brand. But as Les has said many times, we're going to be careful and cautious about the pace and make sure that we don't distract ourselves from the core mission of our U.S. business.
Martyn Redgrave: Yes, Paul, we -- the new Bond Street store that we're planning to open in mid-2012 is a very complex store from a construction and other points of view. And so we're targeting to have that open in mid-2012, but we haven't kind of zeroed in on the exact opening date yet. Beyond that, yes, we are looking at additional real estate opportunities in the U.K. And with the assumption that this first store will be wildly successful, I would expect that we will expand beyond that first store.
Martyn Redgrave: I guess I'll say that we very much appreciate the support for the Victoria's Secret brand outside the United States. The simple answer to your question is no. They are really not, box-size-wise, compatible with the VS brand, which is multiple-sub-brand, multi-room-based and will be more flagship oriented as we take it to the rest of the world. And again, I do want to reiterate that we have tremendous confidence in the La Senza brand internationally. It is well distributed. It performs well in 40 -- over 40 countries today, and we do see that as an opportunity as well.
Martyn Redgrave: Just recognizing that you have more focus on the Canadian retail market than maybe some others. Where we like the progress is the transformation of the brand in terms of becoming core focused on bras and panties, less focused on sleepwear but continuing to have an important part of the assortment around sexy sleepwear. And that transformation, which we also believe is positioning the brand to be younger, fun, flirty, et cetera, is also changing the customer mix. There's a lot of change going on there, and I think I can represent that Les is very pleased with the progress that we're making in that kind of a transformation, similar to other transformations that I've seen Les take the other of our brands through over the past 2 decades. The repositioning of the brand imagery, if you've seen the stores in Toronto, John, is working, and we're pleased with that brand positioning. But that's new and it's not fully distributed throughout Canada yet. So that needs to be fully distributed and proven to be a good brand positioning in terms of store design and imagery and et cetera. So all works in progress, and we're pleased with the progress we're making. It's not yet producing the financial results, as Stuart said, that we would want and we will be targeting to produce. In terms of the international business, that is also going through the same kind of transformation, and a number of our international franchisees are adopting the new standards, the new store design and positioning and seeing great success from that. And relatively speaking, I would say the international franchise business has been performing better than the Canadian business because it's a less competitive market that they're in, in many of the cases. So we're pleased with that progress and working closely with a number of our key international franchisees to convert that into this new model -- this new brand model.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Sure, Kimberly. Thanks for the question. I mean, it's a balancing act, as you all appreciate. I mean, I don't know how many of you have heard the expression, "You don't take rate home to the bank; you take dollars home to the bank." So there's a lot of things that we think about. The first is, just to reiterate quickly, operating profit dollars in the quarter were up 40%. The margin rate -- operating margin rate improved by 250 basis points to 12%. And, Kimberly, as we look at expenses, while our -- the geography in our P&L kind of highlights SG&A, there's a lot of home office and other important expenses within gross margin in the buying and occupancy line, and those expenses in aggregate grew about 10%, which was about 500 basis points slower than sales. So we are making investments to drive growth, sales growth and longer-term growth. We think on an overall basis, those investments are paying off. But to your point, the leverage might not be as great as one might pencil out on paper, but the investments we're making are absolutely contributing meaningfully to the top line growth and the dollar profitability of the business. With all that said, we continue to look at everything very closely. Within the brands, within the overall corporation, we continue to look at stuff. We can always get better at how we do it but we think, overall, we're managing it pretty well.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: So Janet, on the first thing, on kind of SG&A expenses and what we're doing and how we're thinking about it and how it may play through for the whole year, the first thing that we're committed to, and it's a shared view across the business, is that we're going to grow expenses slower than sales. So I want to reiterate that and ensure that, that's clear for everybody that's following us. We will grow expenses slower than sales. And then what I would in some form repeat, but I think it's the key message is -- with that said, we're going to invest in a lot of things whether it's working to serve customers better through a better experience in our stores or better visual display in our stores, more effective visual display or more compelling marketing. We're going to invest in those types of things, all of which are in SG&A, where we believe that we're getting paid for that work, that customers notice and that it drives growth in sales, and that's what we're doing. We'll continue to do that as any reasonable business would. And what you can expect for the balance of the year is more of that but, again, with the commitment that expenses will grow slower than sales. So we're not going to go to a lot more detail about the specific aspects of those investments, for reasons I hope you can understand, in terms of we think some of those things can create some competitive advantage in the one hand...
Stuart Burgdoerfer: We think it is, too. We appreciate your acknowledgment of that, and we're happy with the growth of the business, the experiences customers are having and the profit growth of the business. So thanks for the comment.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Dana, on costs, our views in summary haven't changed much from what we communicated in February when we did our call and that is, to reiterate some of that, 40% of our product is personal care and beauty. The biggest opportunity that we see at the end of the day is to get fashion right; to manage inventories tightly and with discipline with an appropriate balance of optimism and conservatism; to continue to work down markdowns, to reduce markdowns where we can, which are much more substantial opportunity, frankly, than the pressure of cost. But with that said, as we've communicated before and it's still our view and we reiterated it again in our prepared comments, there is some cost pressure in the business. It'll be more weighted to the back half of the year, and we're going to work hard to offset as much of it as we can. But not -- in summary, to answer your question, not a lot of change in view from how we saw it a few months ago. With respect to inventories, similar in mindset to expenses, which is, as you know, it is a critical area for us. All of us, all the leaders of the business are -- pay very close attention to it, balancing, creating an appropriate experience for customers, along with managing the risk of inventory and working hard to get better at greeting and reacting and chasing. We made good progress on that, but there's more that we can and will do. As I commented on, we think inventory in terms of where it'll end, the second quarter will be flat to up slightly. So it remains a continued area of focus for us and we're managing it very carefully.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Well, with respect to the 15% operating margin, our first focus is to achieve that goal that we've set out more than 2 years ago, and we're working very hard collectively to do that. We've made good progress, as you know, separately as we start to approach that goal or it gets closer in our sights. We do think about the full or true potential of our business, and we're starting to get more formal in our thinking, starting to get more formal in our thinking, including looking at other international and well-known retailers like Inditex and H&M and others about what the full potential of Limited Brands is. And we think that it certainly can exceed 15%, but our focus is first to get to the 15%. As you point out, depending upon what one assumes, you could -- we could get to that goal in different time frames. We're working hard to get there as quickly as we can, but doing so in a way that also ensures the long-term growth and health of the business. So we're making good progress. There's more that we can do beyond it, but it's kind of like one step at a time.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Lorraine, it's Stuart. We did -- in the prepared comment, I mentioned that the key driver of change year-to-year was related to some legal matters. We're not going to expand on those as is our practice on an earnings call. But part of the Q1 result relates to some legal matters that impacted the Q1 result.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Neely, this is Stuart. Just a quick follow up. La Senza at this point is not contributing meaningfully to the profit of the company, so it's dilutive on margin rate. Where it should be, which would be in our view for any of our store-based businesses with brand equity and so on, is it should be a 15%-plus operating margin business. So with the background that Martyn provided financially, there's a big opportunity to improve this business.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Paul, on the CapEx, 2 things. One is the number of new store openings has come up a little bit from the beginning of the year, just opportunistic. And secondly, we're on a spectrum, doing a few more things with respect to technology. Nothing major, but a few more things with respect to technology than we thought about at the beginning of the year. But again, it's still $420 million to $425 million. It's just up modestly.
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Jeff, the leverage or the sales, does require the leverage -- the buying and occupancy expense categories that again are within gross margin is roughly 3% on a full year basis.
Sharen Turney: We believe that the opportunity within the sport yoga world is a real one. And as you know, we have been testing and playing with that concept for a while. And as now we have our business really on a growth pattern, I think that you will be seeing us getting much more aggressive about that concept as we go forward. In terms of the Soma question, is that we have a targeted customer in terms of the size band that we want to serve. And we, at this point, will not deviate from that as we go forward.
Sharen Turney: Sure. It's Sharen. I think that when we think about Victoria's Secret and as we're continuing to be agile -- we are in the fashion business and continue to flow the newness -- how we are testing and reading and reacting to those, there's still opportunity as how fast we can get back into the big winners. When I think about how we are really focused on where the product meets the customer, that there is always opportunity for improvement, and especially when you're looking at a 1,000-store chain and also the direct channel. So we do have an initiative this year, is that, "Really, how do we even get closer to the customer when we think about the efficiencies in the business?" So I think that if we, as a brand, and continue to have a vision for growth, we do believe that there's always opportunities to get better and better, and just think about how we do things differently and, especially, as we think about what's happening in the social media world and just how we utilize our advertising dollars. So it's really a longer conversation, but I think that we have got a lot of great ideas, new initiatives but still focused on our core category to even make Victoria's Secret a better company.
Sharen Turney: So, Jeff, if you think about it from a Victoria's Secret perspective, we had to go on a diet. We actually got a little bloated in our inventory, and as we really changed our model in terms of being more agile and being faster to market with our ideas and our reading-and-reacting skills, and I think that we've really been able to come a long way and still have opportunity for improvement. And so when I think about the inventory is that you also have to look at the flow of goods. And as we think about how we're flowing our products into the stores, it's a much better, efficient, more agile model.
Sharen Turney: We're very excited and pleased about the growth that we have seen in our Pink business. We also believe that there's still an enormous amount of opportunity. As you know, we've really not been focused on the bra category. It was really based upon our lounge business and panty business. We think there's a big opportunity within that category in getting great traction and success as we go forward. And we also believe that there's another opportunity within the accessory category. Still, continuing to have even more opportunity in the lounge. So we do believe that this is a powerful brand and a well-told story. As we think about our go-forward strategy, as we can appropriately right-size Pink within the Victoria's Secret box, we prefer that as a side-by-side. Where we cannot, we will be then expanding and opening up freestanding Pink stores. And that is to say, we have about 9 freestanding Pink stores, and we probably still see some more in the future where we just can't get enough real estate for the side-by-side concept. So I think there's opportunity and growth in the bra category and continue with the apparel category. We have -- a unique differentiator for us is in our collegiate licensing apparel program that is so targeted to that market. And then either within the story is our first and the second one would be freestanding opportunity.
