Amie Preston: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As a matter of formality, I need to remind you that any forward-looking statements we may make today are subject to our Safe Harbor statement found in our SEC filings. Our third quarter earnings release and related financial information, including any non-GAAP or adjusted financial reconciliation tables, are available on our website, limitedbrands.com. Also available on our website is an investor presentation, which we will be referring to during this call. This call is being taped and can be replayed by dialing 1 (866) NEWS-LTD. You can also listen to an audio replay from our website. Joining us today are Stuart Burgdoerfer, EVP and CFO; Sharen Turney, CEO Victoria's Secret; Nick Coe, CEO; and Andrew Meslow, CAO at Bath & Body Works; and Martyn Redgrave, EVP and CAO. After our prepared comments, we'll be available to take your questions for as long as time permits. [Operator Instructions] Thanks, and I'll now turn the call over to Stuart.
Amie Preston: Thanks, Martyn. That concludes our prepared comments. And at this time, we're happy to take any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] and I'll turn it back over to Matt.
Amie Preston: And that concludes our call this morning, and we want to thank you all again for your interest in Limited Brands.
Sharen Jester Turney: Thank you, Stuart, and good morning, everyone. The Victoria's Secret segment achieved both record sales and profit in the third quarter, a result of which we are proud. This morning, I'll share with you the key drivers of our success, I'll then review third quarter financial results and end by briefly discussing how we're thinking about fourth quarter. Let's begin with what we've been doing to deliver our results. We continue to stay focused on our core categories, bras and panties, supported by a culture that emphasizes getting faster and more agile every day. We remain purposeful in our balanced approach between managing the business with optimism and conservatism. We brought this together in a well-told brand story across channel. We told that story through innovative product, steady newness, the right fashion and excellent in-store and online execution. And finally, critical to our success is our customer connection. We work every day to stay close to her and deliver an emotional and positive experience with every interaction. Now turning to our store financial performance. Our third quarter results are detailed on Page 13 of your presentation material. In the Victoria's Secret store channel, third quarter comps were up 13% and total sales were up 12%, increasing to $942 million with a 2-year comp of 27%. This result was driven by strength across the assortment. Customers continue to respond favorably to the fresh and fashion wide assortment that we are providing. Examples of our third quarter launches that continued to -- that contributed to this include the Showstopper Bra, the PINK Heartbreaker Bra, the Unforgettable Bra and our Gorgeous Bra. All launches were strong and met our expectations. We found success by complementing our bra launches with the Beauty fragrance launch. A great example is the Gorgeous fragrance, which landed concurrently with our launch of the Gorgeous Bra, driving sales up for both the bra and fragrance business to last year. As with prior quarters, in-store execution has been critical to our sales growth and we again achieved record conversion for the quarter. This is the ninth consecutive quarter we have achieved record conversion. The third quarter merchandise margin rate was down significantly to last year. Margin rate was impacted by cost pressures in PINK and positive response to our customer programs, including gift with purchase offers. We leveraged buying occupancy and SG&A expense and this combined with our top line growth, drove our operating profit up over 15% versus last year. Now let's review performance at Direct. Third quarter sales increased by 8% to $277 million with a 2-year sales growth of 11%. Top line growth was driven across the assortment with particular strength in PINK, sleepwear, panties and knit clothing. The merchandise margin rate declined with the product cost increases and increased use of shipping offers. Total expenses leveraged in the quarter, so operating income dollars increased by over 30% and the operating income rate improved.  Now let's discuss the fourth quarter. We've been preparing for holiday and are ready. We are looking forward to Black Friday and the balance of fourth quarter. Our assortments continue to be fashion-right and are coupled with excellent in-store and online execution. We are cautiously optimistic. Following the all-important Black Friday weekend, we are very excited about the Victoria's Secret fashion show which will air on November 29 with Kanye West, Nicki Minaj, and Maroon 5 performing as our musical entertainment. We will not lose focus on our bra and panty business, nor we will lose focus in our -- on our robust business options such as beauty and sleepwear. These categories are our primary investments heading in to the all-important holiday time period. We will maintain maximum agility to chase what is working. We will stay balanced in our approach by managing our inventory and expenses to grow at a rate slower than sales and we will chase aggressively where appropriate. In closing, we are pleased with our performance but continue to see opportunities for improvement. We will stay close to our customers and work to drive sustained, profitable growth as our top priority. Thank you, and now I'll turn the discussion over to Nick.
Sharen Jester Turney: We do have a good, better, best strategy and the operating is very balanced in the good, better, best. And at each one of those levels, we are getting actually better sell-throughs this year versus last year. So whether it's the good price points, the better or the best price points. So it's very balanced. You will hear us talk about the best price point because the fashion and the details we're putting into the bras are actually anywhere from $42 to $98. It's not a distorted amount of newness that are going into that better price point, but we are seeing very good sell-through. So the key message is yes, we are pushing the best price point, but the offering is still very balanced. The sales are still very balanced and the sell-throughs are very balanced in the good, better, best price point. As we think about -- as you see, do not see much change going into the fourth quarter nor the first quarter in terms of the costing.
Sharen Jester Turney: So the last part of your question, as Martyn said in his prepared comments that La Senza was about breakeven in the quarter.
Sharen Jester Turney: All of the intimate and sourcing structure in what we call our loungewear, some people would call it apparel in PINK, in Victoria's Secret Lingerie, as Direct, will remain with the Mast global organization and not the third-party sourcing. The only thing, and it's only pieces of the categories that will go from the direct apparel business into the third-party sourcing such as coats and shoes, things that are outside of our core. Out of our core, including the lounge/apparel business in PINK, stays the Mast Global and Victoria's Secret.
Sharen Jester Turney: Michelle, it's Sharen. Basically when we talk about promotion, it's really around our gift with purchase or maybe our PWPs. And we have a philosophy of how do we surprise and delight our customers with really branded kinds of product. So on example of that was our tote, that was the oversized tote in the fall season; a very high response to. An example of the spring season was the Victoria's Secret beach towel for the summer time frame. So as we think about really having an ownership of the brand, as well as surprising and delighting her, these are the things that we're really going after and that's what -- when we talked to the higher response that we're getting to the GWPs and PWPs are what we we're responding to.
Sharen Jester Turney: Our promotional activity, if you're -- compelling promotional pricing activity is actually down to last year. We obviously are very prepared for Black Friday. We do have contingencies. But today, we are viewing that our promotional -- that means pricing activity will be down. We will continue our surprise-and-delight with our PWPs through the holiday season. Not that's it's a lot incremental to last year, but it is slightly up. When you think about -- as we really think about our costing, there's really 3 key priorities. It's about quality, speed, and innovation. And we know staying really focused and agile makes us better able to read, react and make big bigger. So the top line benefit we get from that mindset and really strong execution outweighs any downside from the increase in cost and raw materials.
Sharen Jester Turney: The mall traffic, it's interesting. It has been erratic. We have been performing, probably 80% of the time slightly above the mall traffic. And I really attribute that from us being able to deliver compelling, emotional stories, really staying focused on our core. As we talked about also within the stores, the higher selling staff and training we're doing which actually really tends to drive more conversion. And in the surprise-and-delight strategy that is tied back into our powerful bra launches, and in the fact we actually have better alignment with our fragrance business and our bra business, putting power on power. We will not change that strategy as we go forward into the holiday time frame. Lastly, we've been trying to make our stores even more emotional and more fashion-right. And those that had the opportunity to see the holiday stores, I would hope that you agreed with me.
Sharen Jester Turney: I'm glad you asked me about Direct because in my last remarks about what's going to happen, it is the power to our direct channel and our social media strategy with our store strategy. The traffic on the web is up and it is up in the double digits and it has been consistently up throughout third quarter.
Sharen Jester Turney: In terms of the Direct channel and as you saw with the bra business, when we kind of call out the categories and it maybe a little bit misleading, is that those categories are just so extraordinarily strong. So our bra business was slightly below the store channel in terms of it comps but still comps itself. The panty business is up in the double-digits in terms of the Direct business for third quarter. I do believe that we have a lot of momentum within the core categories. And one of the strategies for the brand is how do we get even stronger among the categories that are shared categories between that Direct channel, as well as the store channel. And our goal is to have one seamless experience from the customer point of view. And we've done a lot this year and very excited about the progress we're making towards that goal.
Sharen Jester Turney: I don't think that the new sourcing agreement will affect the margins. I mean obviously, every day we continue to strive to get better and better. But there's nothing really changing in the sourcing agreements with Victoria's Secret and that's why I look at it as all one and the same. I think the benefit that Victoria's Secret, Mast Global people will have is that they won't be distracted, they'll have more maniacal focus on Victoria's Secret.
Sharen Jester Turney: Sure. I'll just give you one quick real life example. So we have, let's say beauty which is a category that really build wildly as we go to the holiday season. We actually, in our beauty part, with componentry there that we actually can assemble and put together our gift set and actually get them out within 2 weeks. This is something we've never been able to do before, so we're able to read is what is actually working. And now we can actually push goods after the Black Friday, of which then we can get the stores who are selling them, that have gone through them very quickly, back into business as we go into holiday. So that's a quick example in terms of agility. The other piece that I'd like to add on the speed and agility work is really also about a mindset. It's about how we just think about it differently and how do we keep open to buy, to react, and to make quicker decisions. So it's also been a cultural change, as we've gone down the path, to really think about be more agile and to think about things differently.
Sharen Jester Turney: The beauty business, in both Bath & Body Works Direct as well as Victoria's Secret Direct which I had a privilege of launching, is a very strong business and a highly profitable business. And when you think about really how do you not -- you're not selling only single items but then how do you really get your average order size, really opt which makes it more profitable. Yes, as you think about the prices, it does cost more but because of the efficiency of prepacking and the effectiveness of that, there really is a nice business model. And that we've enjoyed very strong growth, especially in the Bath & Body Works Direct and to beauty. I would say that Victoria's Secret still has a bigger opportunity that we've probably been more focus on bras and panties and sleep, and so the opportunity to continue to grow the Victoria's Secret beauty business is very, very big.
Sharen Jester Turney: Right now, I'm really maniacally focused on Direct party and delivering holiday. Absolutely Valentines, and that's a very important part of Victoria's Secret. We will have a lot of surprise-and-delight, we have one of the best bra launches, I think, ever. So I'm excited about that. But right now, I'd really want to continue to be focus on delivering this holiday timeframe.
Nicholas Coe: Thank you, Sharon, and good morning, everyone. At Bath & Body Works, we're pleased with the results of the third quarter. We delivered sales on operating income growth versus last year's strong performance. We continued to -- continue to deliver improved results by maintaining focus on 3 key categories: our Signature Collection, the anti-bac soap and sanitizing business and our home fragrance assortment. The customer also responded well to the increased presence of seasonally relevant fragrances and forms. Performance improved versus last year in Signature Collection, driven by the successful launch of the new fragrance, Paris Amour. The anti-bac business delivered growth in our soap and PocketBac collections by increasing novelty and fashion newness in our seasonally relevant fragrances. Home fragrance performance continues to be driven by candles in new seasonal fragrances, as well as growth in forms and novelty in our diffuser and SCENTPORTABLE categories. Transactions were up versus last year, driven by traffic and continued improvement in our conversion rate. So with that backdrop, let me take you through the financial results for the quarter as detailed on Page 15 of your materials. Bath & Body Works third quarter comps were up 9%. Total sales for the quarter were $504 million, up 8% or $36 million -- up $36 million versus last year. For the quarter, the operating income was $41 million, up $9 million or 28% from last year. Operating income as a percentage of sales was 8% in the quarter and up to last year. Gross margin rate in the quarter was flat to last year. Merchandise margin rate declined somewhat, but was offset by leverage on buying and occupancy expense. The decline in merchandise margin rate was driven primarily by increasing costs, and we were able to leverage SG&A expenses versus last year. We also finished the quarter with inventory levels down to last year. We continue to drive inventories down year-over-year while maintaining a high stock -- high in-stock positions. The BBW Direct channels have delivered strong sales and operating income growth versus last year. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we will continue to introduce newness and innovation in both form and in fragrances. This month, we began our holiday theme with animation in the windows and front-of-shop focus on our holiday collections, home fragrance items, and gifts. Throughout the month, the shop will be focused on new fragrances, great seasonal gifts and the launch of our newest Signature Collection fragrance, the Enchanted. We're excited about the assortment and the visual appeal of our stores. Our overall focus continues to be about getting faster and better understanding in satisfying our customer needs, while providing them with a world-class in-store experience. In addition to focusing on products and fragrant launches -- fragrance launches, we will continue to test and weigh the results of new product offerings and promotional strategies while maintaining flexibility in our inventory to act quickly to our customers' needs. With that, I'll turn the discussion over to Martyn.
Nicholas Coe: Sure. We're fundamentally running about flat in terms of promotions to last year. We continue to plan that down. And at the same time, we obviously monitor customer behavior to help us decide what we're running but for all intents and purposes, we're roughly flat to last year.
Nicholas Coe: So let me reiterate, so we've been running pretty much flat promotionally, and that does that change as we look forward. We continue to actually play with prices in terms of testing different pricing scenarios, both up and down, what makes most sense for the brand. And where it works, we will continue to push that forward. And we don't see a change in terms of the timing of the sale as we come out of the end of holiday.
Nicholas Coe: We'll be consistent with what we've been doing all year, which is making really sure we're flowing newness on regular a basis for the customer, that she can emotionally connect with. I think it's really important that we're staying as close as we possibly can for the customer to understand the behavior so we can have the right inventory there, so that we can win with her. And making sure that our story, our windows, tell great stories of that product and of that newness. And that's really what's been helping us drive traffic.
Nicholas Coe: We continue to see good solid consistent performance in traffic online and, obviously we utilized our online business to help tell the overall brand story as much as we can.
Nicholas Coe: So for us, it will be a continued focus on our big 3 businesses, we have fantastic franchises in each of those categories and, therefore, there's an opportunity for us to further profit from those, when we think about different adjacencies that we might be able to manage. Secondarily behind that, when we look at what is the optimum assortment from the stores, there's still opportunity to continue to refine and define what that would look like. As well as standing from the business and just thinking about whatever categories might we be able to play in, just given the overall strength of the brand.
Nicholas Coe: It's Nick. And I think, when we think about the different channels that you shop, the opportunity to engage with on multiple channels, it's a terrific way of building the brand, it's a great way of telling the brand story, it's a way great way for us to emotionally connect with her in more than just bricks and mortar. So it's a good, consistent opportunity for us.
Nicholas Coe: Primarily for us, outside of cost, our real focus is making sure that we're focused on full price selling because that's where, obviously, we're going to get the benefit. Our cost traditionally has been really around rising prices and fuel, and we really see a similar impact looking forward for the next quarter or so. But it's really about us continue to max the price on full price selling.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: Well Brian, we're still working on our 2012 models and plans, but our commitment to grow for the enterprise expenses slower than sales is just what I would called a foundational commitment. And so we're going to work very hard to do that, but do it in a way obviously that doesn't negatively impact experiences for our customers and so on. But that commitment, at an enterprise-level, is a strongly held one and we're going to continue to work hard to achieve that. But we continue to work on our '12 plans and ranges and scenarios and obviously, will provide more information about that in February when we provide 2012 guidance. But the commitment remains.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: So in terms of the ongoing income, so we'll own 49% of the business. We'll account for it on the equity method. The view at this point about income contribution from that stake is that it won't be material and the reason for that is the new business, the newly formed business, will have some debt and related interest expense and there will also be recognition of intangible assets and other step-up in basis that will drive more depreciation and amortization. So all of those details are still getting sorted out a bit but at this point, we don't judge it to be material to any particular period. So that's why that is. With respect to deployment of that cash, I hope that you recognize what we do over time, which is we're very committed to returning excess cash to shareholders. We try to be very thoughtful and balanced about that, work with our Board, et cetera. As you know, we did just announce a new share repurchase program in early November. And again, our commitment to return cash to shareholders is as strong as ever.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: Janet, it obviously varies from quarter-to-quarter and you also have to also obviously look at the comparisons as well. Beginning last fall in the third quarter, we started to invest a bit more in customer-facing expenses, and so that affects the comparison of it.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: Yes, that's part of it, Janet. And then the other thing, and I just -- in the spirit of be helpful, in the fourth quarter -- just moving to the fourth quarter. As we called out last year on the fourth quarter call, we did have some one-time expenses last year in the fourth quarter related to stock comp and the write-off of a trade name, so that affects our view of the fourth quarter as well in terms of our guidance.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: Yes. Not as significant as the fourth quarter, but there was a little bit of a one-time in last year's Q3 as well.
Stuart B. Burgdoerfer: Paul, in terms of schematically what we think is most important with respect to that sale of the third quarter party sourcing business. It's about focus. And so an ongoing focus for us related to the sourcing of intimate apparel and personal care and beauty is obviously very important and foundational to what we do. The new entity focusing on apparel sourcing and only apparel sourcing will be effective and helpful to that organization. So really, the underlying rationale for it is one of focus. And that is the most significant effects of the sale of the third-party sourcing business and that will benefit us, and that will benefit the ongoing new entity.
