Wendy Arlin: Good morning. Welcome to the Bath & Body Works second quarter earnings conference call for the period ended July 30, 2022. As a matter of formality, any forward-looking statements we may make today are subject to our safe harbor statement found in our SEC filings and in our press releases. Joining me on the call today are Executive Chair of the Board and Interim CEO, Sarah Nash; and Brand President, Julie Rosen. All results we discuss today represent the continuing operations of the Bath & Body Works business. The results of the Victoria's Secret business have been classified as discontinued operations. I will now turn the call over to Sarah. 
Wendy Arlin: Thank you, Sarah. I will be providing financial highlights, but I encourage you to review our slides, posted remarks and press release, which each contain additional details. First, for the second quarter. As Sarah said, we exceeded our revised earnings guidance for the second quarter. We reported $0.52 per share as compared to our updated guidance of $0.40 to $0.42 per share. The increase as compared to our most recent guidance was driven primarily by improved sales in the latter half of July as well as some expense favorability. In U.S. and Canadian stores, first quarter sales were $1.16 billion, a decrease of 6% compared to last year. Sales were up $278 million compared to 2019 or 31%.  Second quarter direct sales were $367 million, a decrease of 10% compared to last year. Sales were up $189 million or 106% compared to 2019. Our customers love and are continuing to take advantage of our omni-focused option of buy online, pick up in store. We ended the second quarter with BOPIS availability in more than 1,200 stores, which is 500 more stores than we had just a quarter ago. Our BOPIS sales are recognized as store sales. Our international business sales for the quarter were $90 million and increased 35% compared to last year. All franchise partners experienced growth in the quarter. Now to guidance for the remainder of the year. For the third quarter of 2022, we expect sales to decrease between mid to high single digits compared to the prior year. We are forecasting third quarter earnings from continuing operations per diluted share between $0.10 and $0.20, which includes an estimated $6 million expense for the previously announced and mentioned organizational changes. For the full year, we are forecasting sales to be down mid to high single-digits compared to 2021, in line with our most recent guidance. We are forecasting full year earnings per share to be between $2.70 and $3. Our full year guidance contemplates expected incremental inflationary costs totaling $230 million to $240 million and the estimated revenue deferral totaling approximately $40 million from the loyalty program rollout. Turning to the balance sheet. Total inventories ended the quarter up 33% compared to last year, in line with expectations. Finished goods units were up 13% compared to last year. The difference between dollar growth and unit growth is due primarily to inflationary pressures and product costs. Approximately 1/3 of the unit growth represents planned accelerated receipts to generate capacity during the third quarter peak period, enabling our agility in the back half. The balance of the unit increase relates to certain categories, including body care and soaps, where we were lean in the prior year, and a strategic investment in gifting and accessories. In summary, our guidance reflects a prudent outlook on the back half of the year as the environment remains dynamic and uncertain. We, of course, will be looking to chase sales upside, maximize margin dollars and maintain a disciplined focus on expenses. I will now turn the call over to Julie. 
Wendy Arlin: Thanks, Julie. That concludes our prepared comments. At this time, we'd be happy to take any questions you may have. We plan to go to about 9:45 this morning. [Operator Instructions] That -- Madison, we are ready to go to Q&A. 
Wendy Arlin: Sure. Thank you, Lorraine. So SG&A, just a couple of comments on SG&A. When you look at our SG&A basket of costs, about 2/3 of our SG&A expenses are store selling and related expenses. So as you think about that, we do obviously try and flex store selling up and down with sales. But we do plan on consistently increasing wages. So you'd expect, as you look out, that we would see low to mid increases in that over time as we invest in our store associates. In terms of the change between Q2 and Q3, which you're alluding to, we are, this fall -- the fall is a very important time for our stores. And we are choosing to invest in our store associates by paying them a peak premium starting in Q3. So as you compare Q2 to Q3, the store selling change represents us making a very thoughtful investment in our store associates as we go into that key time period. The other piece -- the second biggest piece of SG&A is home office, and as we said in our remarks, when you look at the home office expense in Q2 as compared to Q3, there's a couple of things to note. Number one, as we called out in our remarks, in Q2 LY, we are lapping about $20 million of some corporate and legal-related expenses that we incurred pre-spin that we did not have this year. So that's a key difference when looking at the rate between Q2 and Q3. The other thing to note in between -- the difference between Q2 and Q3 is due to business performance in the first half of the year, our bonus expense was de minimis in Q2. As of right now, our models are assuming a par type payout for Q3. So there is a key piece in the home office. It's different between Q2 and Q3. And then the last piece, I think, I would point out in terms of the difference between Q2 and Q3 is that in the technology expense that we talked about in our last call is a little bit back half weighted as we ramp up the separation work that we've talked about. So you can think about that as the incremental spend that we talked about last call, roughly 1/3 of it was front half of the year and about 2/3 was back half. So those are the key walks between Q2 and Q3. The other thing I would point out on SG&A, as you -- in terms of your question in terms of the future years. The last piece of our SG&A is marketing. Marketing depends on the time period, but we generally shoot to spend about 2% to 3% of sales on marketing expense. 
Wendy Arlin: Yes. Thanks, Jesse. So yes, so as you've seen in our models, we do have a deceleration in the gross profit when you compare Q3 to Q2. And also, as you point out, our AUR assumption for Q3 and Q2 is about the same, so down mid-single digits in Q3. So in terms of what accounts for the drivers, about 2/3 of the sequential change, what you're asking about, is due to the merch margin rate. Lots of items in the merch margin rate. But the item that I would point out to be the most significant driver is the impact of the loyalty program, which we're super excited to launch next week. So as we've talked about, when we launch it and our customers accumulate points, we do book a revenue deferral related to the points accumulation. And as we're rolling that nationwide next week, we will have an impact in 3Q that you didn't see in Q2. Then I would say though after that merch margin is about 2/3, the balance is B&O expense deleverage, also a lot of things in the details there. A couple of things I would call out is you've got a little bit of deleverage on the negative sales assumption. Our third quarter right now is planned to be a little bit smaller than the second quarter. And then the second thing is consistent with SG&A, our buying organization is in gross profit in that line in the P&L. And consistent with the SG&A part of the organization, we had no bonus in Q2, and we are planning a par, so to speak, in Q3. So those are the key differences. 
Wendy Arlin: Yes. And maybe I'll take that, Julie can add. So from an AUR standpoint, we have consistently -- and in Q2 as well, we consistently see AURs at around the 20% higher than they were in 2019. So that is still where we are seeing the price growth. So the balance of the increase is units. And then, Julie, I'll go to you for the high versus low -- the income question. 
Wendy Arlin: Sure. So I would say that our overall business trends so far in the month of August is generally consistent with what we saw in July. So we were generally seeing consistent trends. Keep in mind, though, we're only 2 weeks in, in the month of August. We've got a lot of quarter left and a lot of key weekends and events in front of us. And we think that we're well positioned, but we also think that our guidance is prudent given the quarter to come. So more to come. 
Wendy Arlin: Thanks, Olivia. Yes. As we mentioned and as you have pointed out, our focus was primarily on leadership position. First of all, we've been a public company for a year. So over the last year, we've been settling in as a public company and thinking about how to run the organization and what makes sense. And we saw some opportunities to really simplify and get synergies across the organization in a way that really benefits us being focused as an omni retailer. So you heard in our opening remarks that we are really emphasizing that. And we did a lot of combining teams, in particular, under Julie's leadership to really think about the customer as one customer and to think about us using one voice to the customer and thinking about managing inventory across all of our channels consistently. So it's truly a reorg to focus us to be nimble for the future and continue to grow as an omni-focused organization. 
Wendy Arlin: Great. Thanks, Julie. And Matt, to the second part of your question, I would say it's upper teens to 20. It's generally consistent with what we've been saying in terms of what number you should look to for AUR growth. 
Wendy Arlin: Great. Dana, we will go to Julie for your question on Halloween and the cadence throughout the back half on activity. 
Wendy Arlin: And then I would add on AUR. So for Q3, we are expecting our AURs to be down mid-single digits, which is consistent with what we saw in Q2. In Q4, that will moderate a bit. And the reason is because in Q4, we -- because there are so many huge days for us, as an example, Candle Day is a huge event for us. On those huge days or those huge weeks, we're -- just given the nature of the quarter, we're not planning to go down AURs in many of those promotions. So you get a little bit of a better impact in Q4, but we are expecting AURs to be down mid-single digits in Q3. 
Wendy Arlin: Thanks for your question. So on BOPIS, well, first of all, we are so excited to roll this capability. Right now, in the U.S., we're basically in every store where we want to be. And we have had really positive feedback from our customers. They like the capability, and they enjoy coming into the store. And in many cases, our store associates are able to convert them to buy even more goods when they come into the store. So we think that BOPIS, not only is it a great omni initiative for our customer, we think it's also great for us because we're able to get them to experience the store, and our store associates are fantastic at converting them to buy even more stuff. So in terms of what -- so the impact, as you said, is clear. We have seen some customers maybe who chose in the past to engage with us online are transferring to the store. In terms of where that's going to settle out, we'll see. It's hard to forecast. We just rolled to 1,200 stores this quarter. We know it's right for our customer, and we know it's right for our brand. And over time, we will see where that shakes out in terms of percentages. But Korinne, thank you for your question. That concludes our call this morning. Thank you all for your continuing interest in Bath & Body Works. Thanks. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. So we are seeing pressure, Simeon, in our lower income customers spending less. That is where the pressure is, which is why we are diligently working and doing aggressive testing to figure out what is the sweet spot. That being said, it is very clear to us that our customer comes to us for fashion trend and newness. And if they love it, they're going to buy it. So there are a lot of pressures out there macroeconomically, and we're just trying to balance all of those things and figure out the sweet spot and ensure that we're delivering enough newness to capture their share of wallet. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. Maybe I can add some color there as well. So obviously, we are constantly evaluating our ticket prices as inflationary and macroeconomic costing pressures continue. So we are taking a very targeted approach to both ticket pricing and our multiple unit pricing. We have taken a good, better, best approach in many of our categories, which we haven't necessarily had in the past, as opposed to a single price point for each form. We have also increased prices in body care, where we have reformulated in better-for-you formula. And we have also gone back and taken up some of our multiple pricing. So for instance, in soaps, we've gone from 5 for $20 to 5 for $25. We've also raised our wallflower multiple pricing for 5 for $25. And I know you all know, but we continue to have a robust testing agenda where we're constantly testing alternate pricing ideas to see really where we can garner more gross margin dollars. And we're looking at different ways to build the basket with pairings of different multiples. So it's a multipronged approach. We test and learn and apply. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. I mean, as we all know, we had explosive growth in our customer file during the pandemic. So in 2019, we had about 53 million customers, and we got upwards of 60 million during the pandemic. And I am thrilled to say that we have lost very few customers. So we feel that while we grew our customer base, they're still coming back. They still love us. And with the addition of this loyalty program that we'll be launching next Monday, live, I think that the opportunity to get the 60 million enrolled in the program and incredibly loyal will only reap great benefits for us in the back half. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. I think that what we really saw was that the customer got a little bit tired of the semiannual sale. And while they are slightly price-conscious, they still want fashion trend and newness, and we deliver that for them. So we've taken a look at our flow calendar through the rest of the quarter and the year. And we will be, as usual, delivering new themes, single fragrance launches and ideas every 4 to 6 weeks, but you will see other drops basically every week just to get that excitement and to garner more traffic. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. So I mean I think that traffic was a bit up and down in the quarter. I think that where we saw traffic softening, as we have said, is during our semiannual sale. I think that we have always put a semiannual sale that was anywhere from 28 to 35 days. This sale, quite frankly, was 30 days, so not longer than in past, but the customer got tired of it. So what is happening is the mindset is shifting. And they're sort of moving on to new ideas and new items sooner. The beauty of our agile production capability is that we were able to move Halloween up and really move fall up and give the customer what they wanted about a week early. So we're finding that when we have the right deal, the right product, fashion trend and newness, we get the spikes in traffic. Which is why, as I just mentioned, we're going back and looking at how we're delivering all of our drops to ensure that we're garnering the most traffic possible as well as offering the right deals that hit the right mindset. 
Julie Rosen: It's nice to hear your voice. So yes, we did move Halloween up a week. The thing to note is this year, we had planned 2 drops of Halloween. So we had the opportunity after we pulled the first drop up to then follow through with the second drop. So that was very successful. As I mentioned, we will be delivering every couple of weeks a new idea, whether it's a cross-category single fragrance launch or whether we deliver our best in fall with our favorite fall scent, an early Christmas preview. So we have a lot of ideas every couple of weeks to spark newness and excitement. So we are not worried about that because as you know, we're about to go into Q4, which is our largest quarter, as Wendy likes to say, the Super Bowl of our... 
Julie Rosen: Of our -- of quarters. And we will have our Christmas preview late in September and then in October, really go out full on with Christmas. So we feel like we're covered with many, not only great themes, ideas in single fragrance launches, but the scents and the olfactive spaces that our customers love from us and expects to find. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. I mean I think from a promotional situation, the thing to focus on is that based on prepandemic, our AUR is up. So we are not more promotional than we were then. We also have e-mail exclusives that we do, and those are down. So we are winning on key event weekends, and that's really what we're focusing on, how big can big be, and how do we win even bigger. 
