Julie Rosen: Thank you, Gina. I too want to thank our teams for their exceptional work and for continuing to deliver a special experience to our customers. We are pleased with our first quarter performance as a result of their efforts and we're well positioned for a strong summer. As Gina touched on briefly, newness drove our success in the first quarter. In March, we announced a year-long partnership with Netflix to bring storytelling to life through the power of fragrance. Through the partnership, we aim to transform the viewing experience for millions of Netflix fans by allowing the power of fragrance to help transport them into their favorite stories and scenes. And we started with Bridgerton, one of the most popular programs on Netflix. The response was terrific. The collection resonated with our core customer, and over the launch period, Bridgerton products represented 4% of the shop. This response exceeded our expectations and our agile model allowed us to chase into strong selling fragrances and forms. Turning to our category performance, Body Care sales grew low-single digits in the quarter, outperforming the shop as we maintained unit share in the category. Fine fragrance mist, men's, travel and lip were particular highlights. During the quarter, we had a limited launch of our Everyday Luxuries collection of fine fragrance mist, with success spurred on by the organic virality of the product. As the sprays went viral on social media, demand increased with fine fragrance mist outperforming the shop during that period. The demand was driven by a slightly younger and more diverse set of customers. As I said, this a limited test launch in about one-third of our US stores. Given the success, you will see us relaunch this line across the full North American fleet in the fall. The men's business continues to be one of our fastest-growing categories in Body Care, as we benefit from new forms introduced last year, including grooming and antiperspirant deodorant as well as the newness we infused into the core collection in the first quarter. Notwithstanding the growth in men's we've seen to date, customer awareness for men's remains relatively low and we continue to invest in new media channels to drive awareness and growth. We believe we have significant opportunity to drive increased visibility and expansion of this category. Travel, as I mentioned, outpaced the shop as we continue to take advantage of the trial and travel mindset. Home Fragrance sales were down mid-single digits to last year, yet we increased our unit market share slightly. Candle sales declined from last year as we not only continued to be impacted by candle normalization, but we also narrowed our assortment of single wick candles. We saw a slight decline in unit market share in candles in the quarter, while we maintained our market leadership. Our air fresheners or wallflowers grew unit share in the quarter. Our Soaps & Sanitizers category decreased low-single digits compared to last year. Despite slightly declining in unit market share, we maintained our strong market leadership. Within this, soaps increased, driven by refills. We've been pleased with the performance of our refills, which make up slightly less than 10% of the soap business. We've received positive customer feedback and have expanded the assortment since the launch. Meanwhile, sanitizers declined, driven by our decision to exit the full size form due to continued normalization in the category. Pocketbacs overall performed nicely in the quarter, growing versus the same period last year. We've been enhancing our current forms such as adding a moisturizing pocketbac. Finally, customers continue to look to us as an important gifting destination, which drove a 6% increase in giftsets in the quarter. As we look forward, continued innovation and newness that we have planned for the seasons ahead will continue to be key drivers across our products and merchandising. For our summer floorset, we delivered fresh and compelling new scents, such as our new Summer Glow collection and we expanded our SPF assortment and level of skin protection. Lip products outperformed the shop as we continued to roll out our fixture and expanded assortment to almost all North American stores. Our new lip fixture is attracting new, younger customers to our brand, which is encouraging customers to linger and play, doubling sales of lip in the stores with the new lip fixture. We're on track to complete the rollout to nearly all of our North American stores by July. As we've continued to optimize our assortment and maintain supply to meet customer demand, we are accelerating the rollout of our laundry line and now expect it to be in all US stores by late fall. With that, I'll turn it over to Eva.
Julie Rosen: Yeah. Hi, there. So, Body Care was low-single digits to the prior year and that was really driven by new and growing categories such as men's and lip, along with the performance in fine fragrance mist, including our Everyday Luxuries. Home Fragrance was down mid-single digits, while growing unit share, and this was really driven by continuing candle normalization. So, candles declined, and that was largely due to the narrowing of the assortment of the single-wick candles, which continued to decline, but we did maintain our market leadership. Our decline in candles was consistent with Q4 and we did grow unit share in wallflowers. From a Soap & Sanitizer perspective, the business was down low-single digits, in line with shop. And soaps actually were slightly above shop, and that was driven by the performance of our refills, which make up about less than 10% of our soap business. And we love our refills. It's a really great environmentally friendly way for our customer to partake in our soap business. And finally, sanitizers declined, and that was really driven by our decision to exit the full-sized form due to continued normalization in the category. Pocketbacs really performed quite nicely in the quarter, growing versus the same period last year and we really innovated here by introducing our moisturizing pocketbac.
Julie Rosen: Yeah. Hi, Lorraine. I'll take that question. It's Julie. We really continue to balance the need to keep engagement and traffic strong with our desire to increase our pricing, right? So, we use our very agile operating model. It really allows us to increase or decrease promotional levels in a meaningful way and test for the best outcomes. We did not take widespread ticket increases in Q1 of '24, but we are lapping some increases from '23. And we did take selective pricing actions in certain product launches like Bridgerton and Everyday Luxuries due to the elevated packaging and storytelling that came from these forms where we know we can get paid. Thank you.
Julie Rosen: Yeah. Hi, Kate. Q2 actually, we had a great gifting business. Our gift sets were up 6% in the quarter. And for Q2, we have three great gifting periods, right? We have Valentine's Day, we have Easter, and then we have the beginning of Mother's Day. The other big portion, as I think you all know, of Q2 for us is our Semi-Annual Sale. So, those are the things that really drive our Q2 and we were very pleased with Valentine's Day, Easter, and the beginning of Mother's Day, as I said, with gift sets being up 6%.
Julie Rosen: Hi, there. It's Julie. I'll take the competition questions. So, we participate in very attractive market segments, right? The competition is always top of mind for us. We think that they're always right on our doorstep. It's why we're really focused on offering innovative products that perform well against the high standards of our customers. So, innovation is literally our lifeblood. It sets us apart from the competition. We know that they don't stand still and we work really hard as a team to stay ahead. I would say that two competitive advantages really help us do this. One is our vertically integrated model. It really enables us to act with speed. We were able to react to Bridgerton, to best scents, best fragrances, get back into them. We can do this more quickly than anybody else out there. And the second competitive advantage is our unique immersive selling environment, that is found in our best-in-class stores. We are really able to tell transportive stories, which is a competitive advantage for us that you don't see at the Targets or the Ultas of the world. And as a fragrance-first company, the quality of our fragrances and our work with the top fragrance houses in the world really help us deliver products that our customer needs across many different forms, whether it's body wash, a candle, a wallflower or a lip product. So, we have a constant eye on the competition.
Julie Rosen: Hi, Dana. It's nice to hear your voice. There is a lot to be excited about, and me and my team are very pleased with our new adjacencies. So, as we look to return to growth, we have four key elements and they're all important to our strategy. You heard Gina say new adjacencies is one of them. So, we continue to be excited about men's. It's our fastest growing category in Body Care. We're really benefiting from forms we introduced last year in APDO and grooming as well as newness in the core collection, which is really driving a lot of that growth. And we are seeing a slightly younger customer in men's. From a lip perspective, so lip sales in stores that have our new lip fixture doubled and we are on track to really complete that rollout to nearly all North American stores by July. We have a great routine that we're introducing customers to through this fixture. It's a routine of scrub, mask and tint, and it is resonating with customers. And we're seeing a younger customer sort of linger out the fixture and play and then go and purchase. From a hair perspective, another exciting category, we rolled hair to the full fleet earlier this year. And we're continuing to learn. We are learning that our core best-selling fragrances that we're famous for are really resonating with our customer. We continue to test fragrances and we'll continue to optimize our assortment. We've also seen that 14% of those customers are new to brand. And we're very excited, because we just launched our travel-sized shampoo and conditioner this month, and customers were asking for that because it's a great way for them to gain trial into a new category. And of course, laundry, which I know is everybody's favorite. We ended Q1 with laundry in about 300 stores, and we are thrilled to announce that we will be rolling it to all US stores by late fall. We've been testing and tinkering with different assortments in different stores to ensure that we continue to optimize and right size. But just quickly above and beyond, we have other things that we are delivering that are innovative and new and exciting besides just the adjacencies. Just for summer this last month, we delivered fresh and compelling new scents. We have our new Summer Glow collection. We also delivered our expanded SPF assortment with a higher level of protection, which our customers were asking for and we're very excited about that. And then, we haven't spent a lot of time talking about Bridgerton, but that was very exciting for us as our first partnership with Netflix and you should expect to see more partnerships as the year progressed.
Julie Rosen: Yeah. And as far as customers are concerned with the new categories, from a lip perspective, we're seeing a younger more diverse customer. And as I mentioned from a hair perspective, 14% of those customers are new to brand, as well as men's, we're seeing some new customers and slightly younger coming to us for men's. That being said, as I said in my script, we still think we have huge opportunity to attract more men to the brand and you see us investing in more marketing and in more media to attract them.
Gina Boswell: Thank you, Eva. In closing, I'd like to emphasize again how pleased we are with our better-than-expected start to the year, a convincing step toward our anticipated return to top-line growth in the back half of the year. We are effectively executing on our strategic initiatives and creating more efficiencies in our business, which is allowing us to further reduce our debt and continue to return cash to shareholders. We continue to be excited about the opportunities ahead. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Gina Boswell: Thank you, Simeon. Nice to hear from you. I'll take the first part and ask that Eva speak to the B&O leverage. As far as the marketing and the new products and colabs, we have been investing in a full funnel approach and it's certainly driving top-of-brand awareness. You heard Julie mention the 800 million impressions from Bridgerton, so -- and the Everyday Luxuries that had all those viral impressions. So, whether it's colabs, whether it's the new media activities that we're engaging in, this is all inserting us into the cultural conversations that are most relevant for customers today, and we're monitoring reach as well as other key equity metrics. So, it's really exciting to see that it's working. It's working for us to gain more customers more often with more love, we like to say. So, it's still early in the journey, but we like what we see and we've got more excitement in store for our customers as we enter the fall.
Gina Boswell: Great. Thank you. I will start, and then I think Eva will chime in. I just want to zoom out for a second on international. As you pointed out, this is directly affected by the war in the Middle East. If you remove the regions affected by the war, it's quite a healthy growing business with system-wide retail sales in the teens in the first quarter. So, we've got the near-term pressure in the Middle East, but all else is on track. And so, some of the offsets that we can speak to have to do with the opening of 35 net new stores in international. We mentioned not only the store -- the free first standing store in London, but also South Korea and also in existing markets our partners are expanding, for example, in Mexico as well as other markets in Q2. So, the big picture on the international is that the Middle East pressure has not changed our long-term international expansion plans. And then beyond that -- so I expect that, that will be the ability to offset. And we are expecting, I think, as Eva mentioned in her remarks, that even in the markets affected that that is moderating quarter by quarter.
Gina Boswell: Thank you. Thank you, Kelly. So, as it relates to AUR, AUR was under pressure in the very first start of the quarter. It was something that we actually foreshadowed in our last earnings call. You recall we had a floor set in February that wasn't resonating. So that's when we quickly pivoted and we pulled on the strategic promotion lever to build traffic. As we move through the quarter, we had strong floorsets with newness and that enabled us to achieve flat AUR in the back part of the quarter. So, we exited with flat AUR. So, other than the first part of Q1, we were no more promotional than we were last year and we're back on plan to our AUR flat expectations. And then the reminder here is on the full year guide is to expand AUR modestly for the full year. And then, for product cost, I'll ask Eva to chime in.
Gina Boswell: And I'll also add that this is still materially up from the pre-pandemic, so our AUR increases relative to 2019 are quite healthy. So, thank you for the question. We're ready for our next.
Gina Boswell: And if I may add, we're always doing that up or down to meet the customer where they're at. So, I have been relatively still new to this model of agility where you can actually almost measure the elasticities within weeks. If we guide to flat and we feel the need to use promotion as a strategic lever to get that so long as the quality of everything else is intact, including by the way our gross margin, we can optimize the top-line. So, I just want to make sure that we're clear that when we guide to flat, we can sometimes be up as we were in the fourth quarter and we can sometimes be down, but the important point is that we're trying to get a good quality view and meeting the most customers where they're at. Thank you for the question. We're ready for our next.
Gina Boswell: So, I'll start with the AUR category differences. We look at it in total, as you know, we do different ticket increases and then we have promotions throughout the year. So, no noticeable or planned differences as we move through the year. There'll be more surprise and delights, and those would be opportunities for us to move AUR up in those instances. But in general, we're trying to build really compelling baskets as well with cross category opportunities. In terms of direct versus stores, we try very hard to be an omnichannel player, meaning no specific advantage to direct or stores because what we really want to incent is dual shopping, because those are the most valuable excited about. And in terms of excitement about newness, Julie, if you want to comment on that? There's lots to be excited about.
Gina Boswell: Yes. And then, on the question about marketing spend, which we commented earlier and how that is driving the customership increases as well as the exciting engagement and the deepening of engagement, we are measuring ROI through a number of tools that people often use, which is the marketing model where we can actually attribute a dollar spend and what that drives to the top-line. But we're also using the technology as well to do some targeting and tools. Like for example, we have a targeting model now that uses machine learning algorithms and it can predict when a one trip customer can make their second purchase based on purchase behavior and the social engagement and the segmentation. And then, these customers are then targeted with personalized offers. So, there's early innings here and really promising results. So, I think of marketing hand in glove with technology so that we can actually optimize and get the highest bang for our buck with respect to those investments. So, you should expect more of that in the back half. I think we have time for one more question, please.
Gina Boswell: And I'll also add that in this first quarter, the 43% of loyalty enrollees were new customers. And so getting them in the program, getting them the kind of offers to really take the entire portfolio, there's so much data capture where we can use clickstream data to really recommend products and things like that. So, we expect new customers, existing customers and reactivated customers alike to really benefit from the loyalty program. Thank you.
Eva Boratto: So thanks, Gina. Turning to the B&O, what I would say, Simeon, is, overall, we're really pleased with the progress we continue to make on driving overall gross margin improvements and you saw that in Q1. And as you look at B&O, I would continue to say to leverage B&O, it's about 2% to 3% sales growth. Rents per square foot off-mall are slightly lower. Q1, we were able to leverage flat B&O and we had some really great execution there in our operations and our fulfillment center. So, we'll continue to push ahead and drive improvements.
Eva Boratto: Yeah. Thanks, Gina. And I'll add a few things, Alex. There's many parts to your question here. As you look at our guidance that we provided today, in Q1, international did underperform our expectations. Our guidance assumes a wide range of scenarios from the low to the high. And I would say at the mid and the high, you expect international to -- we expect international to improve beginning in Q2, and there are expectations in the guidance. In terms of gross margin for the year, we're expecting gross margin for the year comparable with 2023. I would remind you we began driving merch margin improvements of Q2 of last year and continued throughout 2024. So that -- those improvements continue, but obviously we're wrapping them as we get to the mid-year. Merch margin improved about 50 basis points for the year and that's offset by B&O deleverage, given our investments in real estate.
Eva Boratto: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I'd say overall AUCs were essentially flat in the quarter as we expected.
Eva Boratto: Great. Thanks, Julie. I'll start with your cost savings question and come back to the traffic. Overall, we are really pleased with how we're executing on the cost side of the equation. We've had a two-year plan to deliver $250 million in annual cost savings, and we're tracking well with the incremental $100 million in this year. It is skewed a little more toward gross margin about 60% of the savings. That's a little more skewed to gross margin than SG&A than last quarter. And the key drivers are transportation, sourcing, exit of one of our fulfillment centers that's enabling us to be more efficient. The remaining 40% in SG&A, it's efficiencies in our store operations, home office and indirect spend. So, again, we're really pleased with the progress that we're making there. Now coming back to traffic, overall traffic was flat for the quarter. As I think we said previously, transactions were up driven by conversion. While we target an overall omni experience, I'll say our traffic was a little stronger in stores and this was largely in the second half of the quarter. So, overall, we continue to execute against the business. And as Julie said, the newness really delivered for us in the quarter.
Eva Boratto: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ike. I'll start with your -- the second question first on the calendar shift. As we said, first quarter benefited by 200 basis points. Q2, there is a negligible calendar impact to us. Q3, we would expect another positive calendar shift comparable I'd say to the level in Q1. And in the fourth quarter those benefits obviously would reverse. In terms of the AUR at the risk of being redundant, right, as we said on our last quarter, we started out soft and we leveraged AUR, I'll say in the first half of the quarter to use our agile promotion model to drive traffic and conversion while also balancing our margin rate. And as we progress through the quarter and our March floorset was strong, we were able to pull back and that was Gina's comment around exiting the quarter at flattish. So, again, the AUR you're right, it is pressured from our guidance, but as we look at the overall quality of our quarter at the results that we drove, we believe we made the right decisions to drive the business forward.
Eva Boratto: Great. And I'll pick up on your question regarding what we've seen so far in May. The trends that we've seen so far are contemplated in our guidance outlook that we provided today both sales and AUR.
Eva Boratto: Yeah, thanks for the question. I'll start in terms of our overall expectations for the back half of the year. As you look at the guidance that we provided today, our assumptions behind the inflection point and returning to growth in the back half of the year remain consistent, the four elements that we outlined. And they're: moderating normalization of candles and sanitizers, they don't need to return to growth; growth from our core categories supported by newness and seasonal storytelling, which I think Julie just hit on quite a bit; reaching more of our consumers with our adjacencies men's, hair, lip and laundry; and finally, driving more loyal and engaged customers through the marketing investment that we're making and the capabilities both what we're doing on loyalty as well as personalization and digital experience.
Eva Boratto: Thanks. This is Eva. Korinne, I'll take the first part -- your first question first. Our return to growth is at the mid and the high point and the high end of our guidance on a 52 comparable week basis. And as you look at the cadence Q3, Q4, we would expect to return to growth in Q3.
