Gina Boswell: Thank you, Eva. As we enter 2024, we are pleased to be able to leverage our clean inventory position, a compelling product assortment and exceptional store experience with our associates who are ready to serve an omnichannel model that allows customers to shop whenever and however they want. Bath & Body Works has a strong foundation with leading market share, top brand awareness and a competitive advantage in our vertically integrated supply chain that allows us to respond quickly to changing trends. We have a healthy balance sheet, strong free cash flow generation and balanced capital allocation plans.  The outlook ranges that Eva discussed for the first quarter and the full year take into consideration the mix of headwinds and tailwinds we expect through 2024 as we continue to execute our strategic initiatives. Longer term, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our $10 billion of net sales and 20% operating income margin targets. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for questions. 
Gina Boswell: Thank you, Lorraine. Great to hear from you. I'll ask Julie if she can chime in with that question first. 
Gina Boswell: Thank you for the question, Kate. I would say that we have -- clearly, we have the newness and the seasonal storytelling that Julie might speak to and she's already done so in the prepared remarks, but we also have the new adjacencies and those start to build over time. As you know, Men's is one and still a fairly low awareness. And so we've built out that assortment further, and that's why you saw sort of 2/3 of the growth coming from those new products and will continue in '24.  Our hair is also -- will be building even further and both in distribution as well as SKUs. So there's that newness as well. And then our lip assortment, which is further expanded in the fixture itself, which is beautiful and serves the role of attracting new customers, but there's more expansion within Lip, SPF and some other things.  I'm leaving Julie very little to say. But laundry as well is the next one. So Julie, you're close to it. 
Gina Boswell: And one extra thing I would add is that even with some of these new adjacencies so forth and Julie spoke to, the margin profile of those over time improves as the product scales post-launch also contributing in bigger ways to the  merch margin. 
Gina Boswell: Thanks, Simeon. Great to hear from you. I would say on Men's, we don't report the exact, but it is a single-digit percent of our sales, so still relatively small with lots of headroom with respect to the large addressable market of $12 billion. And as I said and Julie commented as well, ample distribution as well as new SKUs. As it relates to the B&O leverage and reformulation, I will ask Eva to please comment on that. 
Gina Boswell: With the guidance of flat AUR in the first quarter. I think we have time for one more question, please. 
Gina Boswell: As it relates to the categories, overall, we sort of look at the masstige sort of as the -- as the pricing sort of segment that we operate in and many of those categories, I mean, if you just think about the beautiful laundry package that we have and what that connotes and even the price value proposition there being sort of in that sweet spot of masstige. But you're right, there are other things like the beveling of some of the products. And then the reformulations as well, which is an important elevation from the customer's mindset.  In terms of -- so I would say overall, the categories and Julie will chime in, I'm sure -- but overall, they all have opportunities to elevate, not necessarily raise entirely, right, because we want to make sure we always meet the mindset of our customers and increase their usage. We are a highly replenishable business. So we want to make sure of that and get the trial that we need. But I would say that in terms of what we're seeing by cohort, which I think was the other part of your question, we are actually not seeing any discernible changes with respect to income or age based on all the things that we've seen. And we're not seeing trade down in our assortment as well. 
Julie Rosen: Lauren, I hope you are well. So we are constantly balancing the need to keep engagement and traffic strong with our desire to increase pricing as well as have a very agile operating model that allows us to increase or decrease promotional levels in a meaningful way to test for outcomes. So we've taken select price increases in 2023 to raise our AURs. You see that in more differentiated assortments that really drive pricing power, whether it be 3-wick lids, our new seasonal single-wick waffle, faceted bottles. Our AURs were up 2% and better than expected and we have a very thoughtful and planned pricing strategy and really levers that we pull to manage our AUR on a constant basis. Some of what we do is around bundles, others is that we take other opportunities. We were not more promotional this year than we were last year. We had the same number of events. They were slightly longer, but we did not have to take them as deep. And you probably noticed that in between our big events, we added in some other events to create engagement. We do have a very price-conscious consumer and so we are just ensuring that we are meeting them where they are at, while using our very agile operating model where we're constantly testing on the side for the best options. So we have robust strategies and robust testing going on to manage our AUR all the time. 
Julie Rosen: So as you know, our adjacent categories, we are very excited about, and we are in various stages of our rollout of these adjacencies. And so our Men's Shop is fully rolled out to all stores. We know that Men's is attracting a younger customer and a slightly more diverse customer and we have added some extra marketing here. Maybe you saw our pop-up shops or our influencers and that is really helping to fuel growth as well. Men's is also being fueled by some of the new products, some new merchandising that we added this past year in grooming and an antiperspirant deodorant. So that is the business that's probably the most furthest along from an adjacency. Laundry, we have now rolled out to about 200 stores. And by the middle of the year, we will be in half the fleet. The feedback has been incredibly positive from our customers. They know that laundry detergent is a great way and just another way for them to layer their favorite scents into their daily routine. And while it's a little early to speculate on the size of the business, we are very excited about the opportunity because the laundry market is a $14 billion market. As Gina mentioned, we have finished the rollout of fragrant hair care to all stores this spring. And this is another line that we have learned that is attracting new customers to Bath & Body Works. 14% of fragrant hair care customers are new to our brand. Again, not ready quite yet to comment on the size of the prize, but we are very confident in our positioning with our fragrance first leadership as our point of differentiation.  And then finally, we have our Lip. So we are consistently looking to get new and also younger customers into the brand, and we are seeing that Lip is doing this as well. So we've been upgrading and expanding and relaunching our in-store assortment as well as our visual presentation, and this will be in all stores by Q3. So these categories are small, but they're growing and like all launches at Bath & Body Works. We test, we optimize, we roll. So you will see us testing a lot of different things this year, whether it be around pricing, whether it be around merchandising or marketing. But out of the gate, we are excited about these new lines. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. Matt, so candles and sanitizers do continue to normalize at an industry level. We know customers continue to spend less time at home and their mindset continues to adjust post pandemic. At an industry level, this unit normalization from Q3 to Q4 improved and our business mirrored those same exact trends. We've also been able to hold our leading industry market share in candles and we've actually gained share in sanitizers. And as a reminder, both candles and sanitizers remain elevated versus 2019 levels, more so than the rest of shops. And I know Eva mentioned it, but just to say it again, our guidance in the back half calls for inflection even with the normalization of Candles. 
Julie Rosen: So I just would add one more or a couple more things. In 2023, we raised a lot of our prices. We raised for all of the forms that we invested in, we raised at least $1. We added all endings on all products $0.95. We took our Wallflowers from 5 for $20 to 5 for $27, we did soaps 5 for $20, 5 for $27. So when I say we have an agile testing model, every single weekend, we're testing alternative pricing to figure out where we can garner more AUR. We don't plan for this business to be more promotional over time. So I want to make sure that we're all clear on that. We believe that our products are affordable luxuries, we believe that they're meant to be used daily and replenished often. And we know that our customer loves to celebrate seasons, holidays, fragrances and loves newness. And we can do this in a way that nobody else can. We can tell these transportive emotional stories.  So I believe it's the celebrations and the newness along with the promo that's going to drive traffic to our stores. Again, as I keep saying, we use that operating model, right? to increase or decrease promotion. So promotions will be a traffic driver for our business, but we're hoping by sharpening our approach with the right technology in place. We're going to leverage some data and analytics, and we'll deliver more personalized targeted messages, which hopefully will increase trips and spends and engagement while reducing reliance on broad-based promos. 
Julie Rosen: Yes. And I think from an elevation perspective, just to follow up, we are seeing nice response from our neutral collection, both across soaps and candles, which are very elevated products. My design and merchandising teams do an excellent job scanning the market and the world, looking for trends to sort of see what is going on. I think one of the things that we try to hit on in our store is there are at times multiple mindsets that the customer is having and we try to hit on all of those. So if you look at Men's, we upgraded the packaging on our shower gels, we just relaunched our Champagne Toast in new faceted bottles. So we're constantly looking, but it is about a balance. We do have some customers that still like some of those more brightly colored fun, but we are seeing elevation as in pretty products and as in neutral, really responding with customers. And because we have an agile model, we're able to go out and react and ensure we have enough of that. 
Julie Rosen: Thank you. I'll pass that on to the team. So that concludes our call. I want to thank you for joining today's call. Over to you, Mike. 
Eva Boratto: Sure. Dana, overall, I think we're really pleased with the progress that we've made improving our margins the last couple of -- the last several quarters. And as you look at the outlook for the year, merchandise margin, we expect to expand about 50 basis points. And that does reflect continued deflation as well as the cost reduction initiative. Now we will continue to reinvest and restage and reformulation. We're annualizing the changes that we made to Body Care and soaps this year. So that will continue to impact us. Now offsetting that for the year, we continue to have B&O deleverage given our real estate investment. But we're really pleased with our progress here on merchandise margin. And I would just note as you look at our first quarter guidance, our merchandise margin is pretty comparable to what we were able to deliver in 2019, and that's despite costs continuing to be inflated since the pandemic. 
Eva Boratto: Sure, Simeon. On the B&O leverage, I would say it would take about 2% to 3% of sales growth to leverage B&O. And you're right, moving from mall to off-mall is a benefit for us. On the mix and the investment levels in reformulation, first we'll always work to get paid for that reformulation and drive our AURs. As you think about '23 to '24, the impact on margin of the reformulation is less than it was in '23, as we're annualizing the impacts and our investments aren't as great in '23 -- in 24, excuse me. 
Eva Boratto: So for the full year gross margin, as you can appreciate, we're annualizing a lot of the deflation benefits that we achieved throughout 2023. Our margin outlook does include 50 basis points of continued merch margin improvement, reflecting those costs annualization as well as the investments that I mentioned previously in restage reformulation. Until we get to our growth, right, B&O does cause deleverage while the dollars are up modestly, you get the deleverage. So that's the summary on gross margin. 
Eva Boratto: Yes. So going back, Matt, to the back half of the year, I'll follow up on Julie's point. As we look at that inflection, we are expecting to inflect and return to growth in Q3. I would remind you that as we look at Q4 and if you look at the year, there are a number of factors that can -- that affect the outlook. And particularly in Q4, we have one less week between Thanksgiving and Christmas that we'll be hurdling for the business. So we're seeing that inflection driving toward Q3 as we expand the adjacencies and roll out our programs.  On February, I'll just comment -- traffic was pressured coming into February. Our initial floor set that we had in the year didn't perform as we wanted it to, and we quickly pivoted and adjusted our approach and brought some newness and our Tropidelic new fragrance to the front of the store. 
Eva Boratto: Sure, sure. As you think about the pricing overall, I'd remind you, we've said this a few times, right? on the mix we are reducing our reliance on direct mail. We're increasing leaning into loyalty and more personalization. So there are all factors that give us the confidence that we can have modest increases for the year. In terms of the overall competitive landscape, it is a competitive landscape. And our agile model and our product assortment enables us to respond while we're --  balance both margin and top line volume. 
Eva Boratto: February traffic. Thank you. So overall, as I said, we came into February, traffic was pressured. We referenced that our initial floor set didn't perform to our expectations. We adjusted that, performance has improved during the month. It's reflected in our outlook and the guidance range that we provided. 
Eva Boratto: No, I apologize. That was not my message. Overall, we changed our floor set and promotions is always part of our strategy, but we're adapting and adjusting to our customers. 
