Sharen Turney: Thank you, Stuart. And good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter results are detailed on Page 17 of your presentation materials.  Victoria's Secret segment earned record operating income in the fourth quarter as we continue to focus on our key priorities, growing in our core categories, investing in select key growth opportunities and emphasizing speed and agility. In the stores channel, fourth quarter comps were up 3% on top of a 12% increase last year, driven by growth in lingerie and Pink, while Beauty was about flat. Our holiday performance, although above last year, missed our expectations.  In the past several years, customer traffic has continued to shift into that Thanksgiving Day weekend and post-Christmas time period. Our November results were good, driven by a very strong Black Friday. Mall traffic throughout the December was very soft, and most mall retailers responded with very aggressive promotions. Conversely, we chose to protect our brand and did not pursue an aggressive promotional strategy. As a result, we likely did not get our fair share of mall traffic, which resulted in flat December comps on top of 11% comps last year.  The business was very strong in January, delivering an 8% comp on top of 17% last year, driven by strength in both semiannual sale and full-price selling. In the direct channel, fourth quarter sales decreased 1% on a 14-week to 14-week basis, as strength in bras, Pink and sport was offset by lower promotional selling during holiday and softer apparel sales. Our fourth quarter merchandise margin dollars increased across both channels with mixed merchandise margin rate performance. In the stores channel, the merchandise margin rate decreased versus last year, driven primarily by Beauty. In our direct channel, the merchandise margin rate increased significantly driven by increased full-price selling.  Turning to our full year results on Page 18. Victoria's Secret stores comp increased 7%, and Victoria's Secret direct comparable sales increased 1%. Total segment sales increased to $6.6 billion. The merchandise margin rate decreased versus last year in the stores channel, but increased in our direct channel. Operating income margin in dollars increased in both channels, with operating income dollars of 10% across the segment.  Looking ahead to first quarter. We will continue to focus on core categories of bras and panties. In addition, we're excited by our spring assortments. We will continue to focus on the balance between driving traffic in our stores and maintaining the integrity of our brand, while also working to balance margin dollar growth with rates. Our inventories are well positioned, allowing us to react as appropriate and to optimize our business. Additionally, consistent with Stuart's earlier comments regarding capital, we're investing in real estate and customer-facing initiatives to support current and future growth.  In closing, we are well positioned and are optimistic about our opportunities. We will continue to focus on executing with discipline, simplicity and speed.  Thanks. And now, I turn the discussion over to Nick. 
Sharen Turney: Yes. We spent a lot of time hindsight-ing this past holiday, and we've really gained a lot of interesting insights. And as we think about how the business has changed, that Thanksgiving, Black weekend Friday and then the strength we've had in December is how do we have to really rethink our entire December. And although we've been very good at adding newness, it's really about traffic and keeping the customer interested in that timeframe. We have a lot of things that we're thinking about pretty radically that I'm pretty excited about. And just a little bit of information on that, as you know, our fashion show this year, it's always going to be the first week in December, and I think we have even more opportunity to use that vehicle in driving traffic as we think about next holiday. We will continue with the rigor that we have on our speed initiatives, on testing, keeping lean inventories and managing our expenses. 
Sharen Turney: Thanks, Brian. I'm very excited about our Beauty business. It's a big, profitable business for Victoria's Secret. It just hasn't grown at the rate that we'd like it to do. And I think that some -- through the repositioning that we've already started, that I'm pretty confident by the back half of this year. And I think maybe you might see some even in late spring, but predominately, in the back half that you'll see some different changes for us within the Beauty area. 
Sharen Turney: It's Sharen. On the apparel strategy, as we think about it for direct, our first priority is how do we align our apparel strategies with the things that we're already doing as a brand. Therefore, when we think about our Supermodel Essentials, we think about Sport, we think about the entire knit category, that is primarily the focus. When we think about how we will position those businesses around beach lifestyle, we have of very large swim business, not only in the direct business, but also growing in the store channel. So another piece of the apparel business is really surrounding the beach lifestyle that is out there. The categories that we will probably be exiting is more in the woven career kind of work. I think it's just irrelevant in terms of what's happening in the world today. So those are the things that we're working on in the apparel strategy for direct. 
Sharen Turney: Sure. Across the 1,000 store fleet, it does vary a lot. But on average, it's around 20% of the total business. And on the margin rate perspective, the difference is about 200 -- 300-basis-point difference between the margin rates. When I think about the Victoria's Secret Beauty business, Beauty has not benefited from any of the real estate strategies. And it's -- and basically, over the last 3 years, we've actually taken and shrunken the Beauty space. At one point in time, we felt like we over-spaced it. We actually moved it from the front of the store next to the cash rack. And we've learned a lot about that. And in some stores, we probably got it too small. So we are actually course correcting that within our investment in real estate as we go forward. I think, really, over the last 24 months has really been the most disappointing for us in Beauty. We have had good growth over -- previous to that. And as we go forward, I think that it needs to be able to keep pace with our 10% goal of increasing Victoria's Secret each year. 
Sharen Turney: Sure. I believe in Victoria's Secret that we really didn't have assortment misses in December, except for in Beauty. And I think that's what we've been talking about, of course, correcting. When I think about the 3 weeks in December, which was the -- our 4 weeks in December this year, which was the primary miss for us in terms of getting our fair share of traffic, I do believe, with the nature of the business being so highly promotional, that we have to be -- we have to rethink how we drive traffic to our stores. The -- when you talk about the operations of the stores, I believe that we have made great progress. You can see it through our conversion rates that we are continuing to climb and grow. So I think adding all of those things in terms of better assortments, always we can new and improve our assortment, thinking about how to engage with the customer in terms of driving her to the store. And yes, it may be through some promotions, but there's also our great GWPs that we do. So we're rethinking how we go about that and thinking about using the fashion show, all the way up through Christmas. 
Sharen Turney: The Date bra is in -- it's -- it was a test for us, and it actually did extremely well. So we'll be rolling the Date bra to all stores this spring season, and we're excited about the opportunity. And I imagine what you're talking to in terms of when you're thinking about the younger assortment in bras is that we've made a big statement in our bralette, our lacy bralette. The really great use of layering pieces. Not only are they a fashion item, but they're also a great first bra for some of the younger customers. So we are absolutely capitalizing on that as we go forward into the spring season. 
Sharen Turney: We are excited about our Beauty assortments for spring, and we're being very conservative as we go into the spring season with Beauty. Right now, we are planning on a lot of new liquidations. As you know, we are a fashion business. We're bringing in fashion. Comparable or a little bit higher to last year. As long as that -- we continue to get the customers and the acceptivity of those assortments, I don't believe that we'll have as much margin erosion as we did in the holiday season. And it's something that we manage and look at every day. 
Sharen Turney: Sure. No, we have not maxed out on the gift with purchase opportunities. In fact, as we are launching one right now with our feel fabulous launch for the month of February, it's -- we're going through it faster than we can keep up with it. So I do not believe that we have maxed out on that. I believe that in the -- I think that all retailers are going to be rethinking the -- December. I think that just things have changed so dramatically, as you see you think about how big Black Friday has become, where Victoria's Secret did over $100 million in that one day and how big that weekend through Cyber Monday. And then what you're seeing to the last 4 or 5 years is there now a drop in those 3 to 4 weeks prior to December, and then you see a huge lift a week after Christmas into January. So I think we have to say this paradigm is here to stay. And how do we want to manage that? How do we want to think about that? And I think we have to think about it on a more forward basis, not just of everything that we've done in the past and become deeper in our discounts or become deeper in our promotions. I think we just have to think about that time differently in a whole new way. 
Sharen Turney: Yes. I mean, we're always looking at new ideas and new opportunities year round, whether it's with our loyalty programs, whether it's with our -- which we're actually launching our new credit card program this year. So we're looking -- we're always looking for new opportunities. I think that as we're talking about fourth quarter and talking about what insights did we get from our hindsight, that's where we're primarily focused right now. 
Sharen Turney: We are hoping with all the strength in our other core categories, whether it's the Pink growth, whether it's the opportunity in Beauty, which we have not maximized in the direct channel, with actually putting even more emphasis on our lingerie categories, that by the back half of this year, we'll be able to offset any decrease that we might have in the apparel businesses. Those categories have different margin characteristics. Although our apparel business is very, very profitable, our intimate business and our Pink business has a higher-margin characteristic than just the apparel business. So I think that, hopefully, we'll be able to see some improvement of that come in for the fall. 
Sharen Turney: We are very excited about our product assortments for the spring season. If I started with the lingerie category, within our bras and panties, we have new programs that are launching this spring season. They have been tested. They have -- we believe very strongly that we have the right product. In the panty category, we're getting great new results from our new fashion deliveries, all the testing that we had done. We're actually introducing 4 new silhouettes in panties. So we're -- I think that we're very solid in terms of the lingerie category as we go forward into the spring season. We're looking at flowing newness. We're also ramping up our ability to test and read and react. We're actually leaving even more open to buy than we have in the past, and especially in the Pink apparel category. So I feel confident that we have the right assortments and the right agility that the customer votes differently. 
Nicholas Coe: Thank you, Sharen, and good morning, everyone. At Bath & Body Works, we are pleased with the results of the fourth quarter. We delivered sales and operating income growth versus last year's record performance. Comps increased 7% against 3% last year, driven by the customer's response to newness in both form and fragrance in our 3 key categories: our Signature Collection product line, the soap and sanitizer business and our home fragrance assortments. The customer also responded well to the increased presence of our seasonally relevant fragrances and forms.  We were pleased with the success of both holiday and our January semiannual sale. The read-and-react nature of the business and strong customer responses to the assortment throughout the fall season contributed to less clearance selling. We were also pleased by the launch of Forever Red during the quarter.  As detailed on Page 19 of the presentation, total sales for the 14-week quarter were $1.2 billion, up 11% or $122 million versus the 13-week quarter last year. For the quarter, operating income was $399 million, up $50 million or 14% from last year. Operating income as a percentage of sales was 32% in the quarter and up to last year. Our gross margin rate in the quarter was up to last year, driven by the increase in the merchandise margin rates. The increase in the merchandise margin rate was driven by less clearance selling. SG&A expenses also leveraged versus last year. We finished the quarter with inventory levels up modestly to last year. We continue to grow our inventories slower than sales year-over-year while maintaining our high in-stock positions.  As noted on Page 20, the fiscal 2012 operating income was $604 million, up $91 million or 18% versus last year. Operating income as a percentage of sales was $20.8 million, up 160 basis points to last year. Gross margin rate was up last year, driven primarily by buying and occupancy leverage. SG&A expenses also leveraged versus last year. The BBW Direct channel also delivered strong sales and operating income growth versus last year in the quarter. Sales for the full year were over $200 million and had a strong increase versus last year.  Looking ahead to the first quarter, we will continue to introduce newness and innovation in both form and in fragrance. In February, we began the month relaunching Forever Red, our most luxurious Signature Collection fragrance ever, in order to capitalize on Valentine's Day. We will finish the month in our Fresh Picked market theme.  We're excited about the assortments, and we will continue to manage expense and inventory conservatively. Our overall focus continues to be about getting faster and better understanding and satisfying our customers' needs while providing them with a world-class, in-store experience. In addition to focusing on products and fragrance launches, we will continue to test and read the results of new product offerings and promotional strategies while maintaining flexibility in our inventory to react quickly to the customers' preferences.  With that, I'll turn the discussion over to Martin. 
Nicholas Coe: Yes, I think one of the things will -- one of the most important things for us to do is deeply hindsight the season to understand how the season came in, how we leveraged traffic and how we managed inventory. I think one thing we'll have to take into consideration as we go into next year is it's a shorter period from Thanksgiving to Christmas. So how we get our heads around planning for that and making sure that we're proactive in terms of being ready for it is going to probably be the most important thing to look at, while at the same time, continue to stay as close to the customer as we possibly can and leverage our read-and-react capabilities. 
Nicholas Coe: John, it's Nick. So for us I think staying very, very focused on our 3 big categories, because we still fundamentally believe there's good growth opportunities that exist within that. A couple of thoughts around it is how do we continue to look for trade-up and elevation opportunities, do we continue to build the brand and tell a great story. We've done that well, I think, in Signature, and I think we've got opportunity to do it in the other 2 categories. And we continue to see very strong product acceptance in our candle business, both from a quality and from a fragrance perspective. And then obviously, our ability to stay very, very close to the customer and, therefore, our ability to read and react to what it is that she is liking and, therefore, push ourselves towards continued growth in full-price selling. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Thanks for the question. We do have a view within the business that operating income dollars should grow in the low teens. And importantly, starting with the year we just is finished, on a 52-week basis, we grew operating income 10%. So we were kind of right in the game, if you will. The second thing I would say is that for the last 4 or 5 years, we have intentionally planned our business conservatively. And we think about that within the business in terms of how we manage inventory and expenses and capital spending, and then we work hard to chase to and deliver a better result. And we've been able to accomplish that in relation to our beginning-of-year views, internally and externally, for the last 3 or 4 years. So the summary would be: 2012, we were in that range; '13, we'll work -- going to work like heck to be in that range. But as we start the year, consistent with how we run the business and consistent very specifically with the guidance that we put out a year ago, operating income, growth rates assumed in the guidance are a little lower than that, but we're going to work hard to exceed that result. In terms of some additional put and take, in my remarks and Sharen's remarks, we commented on the fact that we are investing to drive growth in our business, and that puts some pressure on expense lines. I also remarked deliberately so that we're going to intensify our work internally as the management to force trade-offs on those investments with the focus on noncustomer-facing activity. So we're going to work hard to deliver what we put out in January. And we're starting the year with a conservative mindset that really is no different than how we've run the business over the last 3 or 4 years. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Brian, with respect to the international business and profitability of that. The international businesses, in aggregate, will contribute to earnings growth in 2013 to some extent. And as you would imagine or expect, that contribution will be even more significant in 2014. You'd also recognize that we have a number of different businesses there that today have different profit characteristics. But certainly, as they scale and as we turn around the La Senza business, the international business, in total, should be at or, frankly, above the company's operating income rate. And we've got work to do. So on the La Senza business, we're working that turnaround, and that's an important part of today's results and, as Martin said, some signs of progress. And there are investments that we're making in the international business, whether it's preopening costs on company-owned stores or investments in technology and other infrastructure that go against the addition in 2013. But it'll contribute to earnings growth in '13, more in '14, and over the long term, we'll be at or above the overall company's rate. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Yes, a big -- it's a tough question to answer, Kimberly, in the sense of a lot of that will hinge or a meaningful amount of it will hinge on the results that we generated in Canada with La Senza. But apart from that, I would say that the profit contribution on the increment or on the margin would be roundly in line with the totals company operating income rate, which is different than a store base flow-through. In a store base flow-through and in a scale of business, you might get 25%, 30%, 35%, 40% flow-through on an incremental sales dollar. It won't be at that level. But apart from the variability on La Senza Canada, we'll have profit contribution in '13, but not at this -- at the rate that you'd see in a bricks-and-mortar business from comp sales. Hopefully, that's helpful. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Your intuition is right that the pressure on the P&L is more concentrated in the first part of the year than -- on a year-on-year basis than it is on the back half of the year. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: For Victoria's, Jeff, the -- for Victoria's Secret, specifically, the square footage growth is between 3% and 4% for 2013. And with the illustration that we shared in October, we continue to believe in. So the pace of that may accelerate in future years, but we're going to get about 4% growth in square footage for Victoria's in '13. And that's net of some closure activity. And we'll continue to monitor, as I mentioned, and there's a lot of opportunity for us. So the good news is as we see, it is -- for the first time in our company in a while, we're going to have a net contribution in terms of square footage growth, and then that spread will become meaningful, as we outlined in '13. And we think those investments in that growth is good growth. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Oliver, the spread on -- between comps and total sales growth, we're estimating to be about 2 percentage points for the year. And that factors in 3 or 4 main variables, including the timing of store openings, in part your effective store openings. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: The first point on overall productivity of new square footage versus the productivity of stores that we're closing, as an overall assumption, the productivity of that -- those new stores or new square footage is between 2 and 3x, I'm speaking for the company in total, between 2 and 3x the productivity of the stores we're closing. With respect to Victoria's Secret stores that have the full Pink assortment versus balance of the fleet and so on, it tends to be the case that the stores that have the full assortment are in the higher-volume malls and venues. And as a result, the productivity in those stores is very good and would be, as a general matter, above the company average. With respect to capital structure, you're right. Obviously, the facts are the facts in that we added leverage to the business in the last couple of years, and that provided an additional source of cash for distribution to shareholders. As we looked at our leverage, and we've talked about consistently, we're not formulaic about it. With that said, we're in the mid-3s in terms of debt to EBITDA and adjusted debt to EBITDA. And we think that's about right. We do monitor the capital markets. We think about maturity profile, cost of debt, et cetera. Importantly, that is something that ultimately is evaluated with our Board of Directors. And they're -- they obviously have the final voice on that. But we think we've got it about right as we sit here today with about $4.5 billion of balance sheet debt. But we'll continue to look at it from time to time, as we have over the last couple of years. With all that said, apart from capital structure, this business generates a lot of cash, just inherently from the operating results of the business. And we outlined what we think the free cash flow will be for the business this year, and that will be an ongoing source of funds to return to shareholders. So thanks. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: With respect to the SG&A rate, as we put our guidance at the beginning of the quarter, we expected it to be roughly flat. It was up 10 basis points. I'm not trying to be flippant at all, but it's pretty close to roughly flat, and nothing significant to call out in terms of the driver of the year-on-year change or something versus our beginning-of-the-quarter view. 
Stuart Burgdoerfer: Generally, when we open stores for Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works, they start with very good reaction from customers -- or expand square footage. The Pink free-standings are a little less productive than the Victoria's business overall, but generate good return. But we don't have what I would describe as a big ramp-up period. There is timing of store openings to consider, but apart from -- once the store opens, and then they tend to do very well, frankly, from the first week. So there's not a ramp-up per se unless you're in an unusual circumstance, but typically, we start out of the gate very strong. 
