Stuart Miller: Great, thanks Rick. Thanks Jon. As you can hear from Rick and from John, we are on it. We've broken down the critical elements of integration of driving synergies and have implementing new technologies and we are executing as you would expect from this team. As I've noted before, and we'll demonstrate as we go forward, we expect to bring these two companies together efficiently and effectively and to drive savings and engage innovation in the process. Let me finally note that while we've been integrating and closing the CalAtlantic transaction, we have not taken our eye off the ball over ancillary businesses or our core strategy of reverting to pure-play. To begin, last quarter I addressed the "fourth quarter bottom line miss" that derived from shifting a onetime noncore non-Rialto transaction. The transaction was actually two separate transactions selling non-core assets that produced both cash and more than the fourth quarter shortfall in profit. The first transaction was the sale of approximately 80% of our interest in Treasure Island and that resulted in a onetime $165 million profit. The second transaction was $150 million sale of a portion of our solar business that generated cash in the third and fourth quarters but has not yet still resulted in a bottom line profit or completion of that transaction. Next as we noted in our press release, we have actively engaged Wells Fargo Securities and Deutsche Bank Securities to advise us in seeking strategic alternatives for our blue-chip Rialto investment and asset management platform. In preparation for this engagement, we have repaid all $350 million of Rialto 7% unsecured bond. Additionally Rialto Mortgage Finance RMF, our commercial loan securitization business will be moved out of Rialto and merged into Lennar Financial Services while certain other Rialto assets will be carved out of Rialto and held separately including approximately 275 million of book value of limited partnership interest in Rialto funds, as well as the associated carried interest. With the shifting of these assets and last year's monetization of Rialto's on balance sheet loan portfolios which is now complete, Rialto has become a blue-chip asset light investment and asset manager that earns fees for raising, investing and managing capital focused on real estate related opportunities. We expect to be able to conclude a program for Rialto over the next 12 months and then we will have taken another step towards pure-play. Finally let me know the progress on LMC, Lennar's Multifamily Communities our apartment segment. This ancillary business which has continued to grow is very compatible with our core for-sale business and therefore remains a primary focus for the company as part of the core for now. In the first quarter, we started 1259 apartment homes and four communities with a total development cost of approximately $464 million. While we've continued with the development of our merchant build communities, we've also significantly grown LMV our build to core program which is focused on building a portfolio of high quality income producing apartments. In March 2018, we had the initial close of our second multifamily venture with equity commitments totaling $500 million. As of February 28, we had a geographically diversified pipeline of 82 communities totaling almost 26,000 apartment homes with a total development cost of just over $9 billion. These include 29 merchant build communities totaling over 9000 apartment homes with a total development cost of approximately $3 billion, 39 build to core communities and our first multifamily venture totaling just under 12,000 apartment homes with a total development cost of approximately $4 billion, and 14 build to core communities slated for our second multifamily venture totaling approximately 5000 apartment homes with a total development cost of approximately $2 billion. Lennar Multifamily continues to mature into a best-in-class multifamily rental enterprise. So let me conclude where I started. It really all comes down to people. We have accomplished a great deal but we still have a lot of exciting work ahead of us. It is our people that have and will make the difference. I once again thank the people across our operating platforms for their diligence and their expertise. Because of them all of them I can comfortably say that Lennar is well prepared to continue to execute. So now let me turn over to Bruce and David Collins for more detail.
Stuart Miller: No, absolutely not tied to any slowdown in the market or anything like that. As we transition communities from a design studio approach to Everything's Included as we work through some of the transitions. We just expect that we’re going to see just a mild slowdown to basically even for the second quarter and that’s going to start accelerating as we start picking up absorption rates and implementing our Everything's Included program and getting cycle times moving. So that's just a normal progression.
Stuart Miller: Well let me say first of all Mike that you're making me blush here. I thought I was a little more subtle than that you might have missed and only Bruce would have picked up, but as long as we're putting it out there. Yes, the focus of this deal and a lot of our underwriting revolved around cash flow and recognizing that we would want to use strong cash flow to think about the balance sheet structure of the company to think about our way forward. To navigate the program of reverting back to pure play and rationalizing how we thought about Rialto, it's great management team being positioned to stand on its own some of the other non-core assets being monetized. Cash flow is a very central part of the story here and one of the really terrific elements of the CalAtlantic deal is the fact that number one, you properly highlighted that a migration from design studio to Everything's Included when you have expertise in Everything's Included platform, you can accelerate absorption rates and reduce cycle times and create affections with your trade partners that enable us to run a better business this enhances cash flow. And so the backbone of this combination was very much about building a stronger cash flow model and of course Bruce properly conservatized that number as we first started talking about it in our last conference call. But as we’ve closed the transaction and we’re gaining confidence, we’re starting to put out the fact that we think that cash flows are going to be strong and they’re going to be stronger in building as we migrate through the years with this combination and this focused platform. Remember it's about market share in strategic markets, markets that we know products that we know, well and Everything's Included platform that we have worked with for years and that we’re getting better and better with. It's about new technologies that can help build a better mousetrap. All of these elements drive bottom-line and drive better cash flows and we think we're going to be able to very quickly take a step up in debt to total cap bring it back down to the levels where we started by paying down debt increasing our equity component and building a really strong balance sheet. Then we think we’ll have excess cash flow to employ, to continue to grow the company, but also to be able to return capital to shareholders. And this also is one of the articulations that we had at the beginning is over the next few years we can certainly envision a way to not only paying down debt to a proper debt to total cap level or comfortable debt to total cap level for us, but also returning some capital to shareholders because cash flows will be very strong.
Stuart Miller: Good Tray I’m happy you brought that up I think that as with many of our ancillaries and other components of our business. We don't talk about them much because we’re trying to focus on the core business of the Treasure Island asset sale was one that's been in the works actually for quite a long time. You're right we haven't guided to it these kind of transaction are lumpy and they happen when they happen we can't always predict and kind of guiding to something really sets us up for a miss. Basically the thinking around this was that Treasure Island was not formally a part of our five-point program. It was an asset that we had on our books, it was an asset that going forward would require additional investment it was a non-core program. It's one that we will remain invested in involved in and participatory in but not ones that we want a lot of our capital tied up over the next years and what becomes a nonproductive in current terms – in quarterly terms nonproductive contributor. So this is what we’re doing with many of our assets is looking at - are they current contributors are we generating by bottom line or can we monetize and move forward and deploy capital more effectively. So that's what you're really seeing with Treasure Island we sold 80% of it we recognized a hearty profit - bottom line profit and we have capital to redeploy.
Stuart Miller: Just let me add to that and say a number have looked at our apartment community program. They’ve looked at the migration from merchant build where you have a regular monetization of bottom-line as you sell these communities and the migration to a build to core program. And the excitement around that migration for us and for many who have studied it is the stacking of funds where we can build funds that generate fee streams that are regular and recurring. Those funds of new assets best-of-breed assets in the apartment rental business will produce an identifiable and predictable cash flow stream back to the company that will really highlight the strength of that program those been very much of the heart of our program. So it’s been very much at the heart of our program to stack the fund as we fill one up raise capital for the next and keep moving forward, because we're building brand new best-of-class rental product.
Stuart Miller: Let me take the second part of the question Steve and say that you know you asked about taking some of the savings and reinvesting in technologies. I want to go back to the question of cash flow and earning strength. This program has been built for cash flow and driving earnings forward this really enables us to do what we had hoped we would do and we will do. And that is we will be investing in IT, IP and technology that will enhance our business. We will not sit and you see this and you know this we will not sit in a static environment we are constantly reinventing ourselves because technologies can help us become better more efficient and more effective, but I would not think of this as synergies being redeployed or altered into technologies. These will be structured carefully managed investments that are designed to invest in adjacencies that can really help us build a better mousetrap. And you and many others have come down and seen the things that we're working on. I think our future is very bright in this regard.
Stuart Miller: The first thing I want to highlight Steve is that we are not unaware of the fact that you've done two compound questions.
Stuart Miller: Look we think of ourselves as best-of-breed in terms of the breadth of experience that we've had in land acquisition both in terms of just purchasing and as well in restructuring deals. With critical mass in markets we get to look at every deal, we get to work with every land seller. And the opportunity to bring certainty to land sales because we have size and volume and scope in the market really enables us to structure deals that enable a seller to have better certainty as to the ability to actually close the deal and us a better opportunity to structure the kind of deal that we want at a moment in time. So it's our belief that as we pull together the two companies, we have the critical mass in the markets that are most desirable across the country that will have the best negotiating position relative to land owners and developers in those markets and we’ll be able to develop strategies that work uniquely well for those markets. Different markets are different, California is different from Texas. So it will be different strategies in each of those markets, but we have that expertise and the scale really gives us a unique position.
Stuart Miller: Yes, so look interest rates tends to be kind of a flashpoint for homebuilding, but it's never properly contextualize. Interest rates go up within the context of an environment and the environment right now is one of low unemployment and generally wage growth and what is not talked about enough is participation rate, labor participation rate improvement. What we’re seeing in the field is that more of our customers are coming in with confidence they're coming in with certainty about higher wages they've either had higher wages or believe that there will be. And additionally more two earners within the same family because somebody's going back to work, somebody is finding a job that they weren’t able to get before. Those trends tend to really offset the impact of a higher interest rate. Now that raises the question of what amount of acceleration at interest rate increases starts to get to a nosebleed section and again it's all a question of what's happening at the same time. How far are wages going up and how much additional participation is there in the labor force and I think we’re just going to have to wait and see, but as things sit right now I think we’re sitting in a very healthy environment. And then at the other side of that with demand strong, supply remains fairly constrained because of the production deficit that we witnessed in every single year since the crash.
Stuart Miller: Okay, so let's end it there. I want to say thank you for those who are attending. Also we have a number of people here in the room, but I want to give a quick shout out to Jeff McCall who is sitting here. Welcome aboard. It's good to have Jeff as a Senior Vice President of the company and you'll hear more from him in the future. But we really do have a top-notch management team that’s guiding the way forward and a terrific group of people through the ranks that are making sure that we're performing as expected. We look forward to telling you more as we go forward and through the year. Thank you for joining.
Richard Beckwitt: On the margin perspective, our guidance really includes the synergies. So as we move through this year, we’ll be gravitating that to about 22% margin on the CalAtlantic product or the home sites coming from the transaction. And that should continue at that level through 2019 and the build out of that entire portfolio.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, that’s correct, but as we underwrote the portfolio and went through the accounting at fair value that those were the assumptions that we took into place.
Richard Beckwitt: So it’s Rick I’ll take a stab at it and then I'll let the other guys jump in. I think you're just seeing a transitioning program. As I said in my remarks, there is a certain number of communities that were not transitioning to an EI product because their inventory that's just going to normally build out over the year. And with regard to those communities, it's very little that we can do to accelerate the sales pace or construction pace in those communities. For the ones that are getting converted from CalAtlantic legacy product to CalAtlantic or to Lennar CalAtlantic EI product, you'll see a slight pick up this year in absorptions and construction pace. And then clearly those that are getting converted to Lennar EI, we’ll see a faster absorption pace and faster cycle times. As we move into 2019, you’ll start to see a more smooth level of the absorptions that are more consistent with the Lennar absorptions. Although some of the CalAtlantic is higher priced and it won't have that full blend across the entire portfolio.
Richard Beckwitt: So let me talk about the land piece first and Stephen as always you listen to that carefully. I think as we look at where we stand right now in the land market. As we discussed when we announced the deal and in meeting subsequent to that, our local market presence really puts us in a different position. Given our size and scope the land sellers in the market really have to deal with this, they don't have a choice and as we've been discussing various structures and opportunities to put various programs together. We’re really testing the boundaries of how far we can go with that. Whether it’s just in time takedowns that allows us to keep land off balance sheet till the point in time that we closed the home to third-party or whether it just having fully dedicated land programs with third-party developers. We’re really exploring all of these options and I just say Steve right now just stay tuned we’re very focused on all the opportunities.
Richard Beckwitt: On the Multifamily side, we’re seeing consistent strong demand in the Multifamily Communities that we have. We’re very focused on the fact that in some markets you're seeing pipeline come to the market now that is sort of depressing rent growth, but not really hurting absorptions. With that in mind, given the program that we have which is a build to core program it's really set up in a way to maximize the value of those assets and capture that value since we’re not ultimately going to immediately sell those assets. These are assets that we’re going to hold for multiple periods of time, they’re an eight year vehicle gives us the luxury of really timing the disposition of those assets to the market, but we are seeing solid demand in most of the communities across the country.
Richard Beckwitt: On the single family side, we’re seeing solid demand at all price points across the country. Entry level market is very strong. First time move up is solid and even at the higher price points that we’re seeing good demand. Jon you got any additional color.
Richard Beckwitt: I would add that while there is - Stuart said it's different in different markets it truly is but every market has land developers, land players that have long-term standing in the market long-term positions. And so now with our scale, we’re able to sit down and structure agreements that really create a win-win situation to control a pipeline of land that benefit both the land seller and Lennar given our concentration in the market. So it’s the same expertise we had. We just have more volume, more visibility going forward to structure deals.
Jonathan Jaffe: I would add to Rick’s commentary that as you transition from a design center platform to Everything's Included, the timing of sales also varies. So it really very much ties to the discussion we’re having about normal transition. In option program you have to sell much earlier to deal with the timing for the option selections in that whole process. In a very production oriented Everything's Included approach, the timing of the sales happens later in the process. So combined with the factors that Rick and Stuart have mentioned, you take that into account we’ll have to work through that period. So we have a fully baked Everything's Included program up and running and then I think you'll see the impact of that higher absorption across the whole platform.
Jonathan Jaffe: And I would relative this is Jon relative to the timing Treasure Island is at the stage in its life cycle where we have our entitlements and we've begun land development. And the first land sales will take place from the partnership in the next couple months with vertical construction starting in the beginning of 2019. So there was a maturation of the asset that really create the lift in value having achieved going through the difficult entitlement process in San Francisco and actually being underway with development.
Jonathan Jaffe: I would add that - this is Jon I would add that we very carefully sort of separate the bucket so that we don't have creep from one benefit to another. So as we look at cost synergies and how that affects our margins and SG&A we put that in isolated bucket and looked at that. As we look at the investment technology that's in our corporate G&A number. We very carefully are aware of that and manage that so that there is I think very little risk of not only conceptually not reinvesting as Stuart mentioned but just as we practically manage it as keeping a clear eye on what we want to achieve in each category.
Jonathan Jaffe: If you just look at the data our monthly absorption pace was 3.1 sales per community per month in first quarter of 2018 compared to 3.0 in 2017. As you know Steve, just a limited supply and strong demand healthy economy seeing that across the board.
Jonathan Jaffe: We’re clearly seeing as you heard from our commentary is there is strong demand and as you noted we are able to have pricing power in our markets. As we operate our business we don't price to our cost we price to the market and every market does function slightly differently. But we’re clearly seeing even at the entry level very robust demand. We have our strongest absorptions there and we are able to increase prices there. And on a percentage basis a price increase at the entry level is not that significant in terms of normal dollars. And so I think that we’ve got runway in front of us to continue to be able to do that. To the extent that affordability really does start to change that absorption which again we have not seen yet, not seen any indication of yet, we can look at different programs relative to mortgages to help our customers out, we can look at helping them more with contribution to their closing costs. So we still have bullets left to use when we start seeing a change, but we don't see anything yet on the horizon other than the kind of questions that you’re asking about what happens if and when. But as of right now, it’s very steady, very strong demand and a very limited supply environment.
Bruce Gross: So it’s pretty simple the first multifamily venture was $2.2 billion of committed capital that has been fully committed to assets in the first venture. So there's no more money to spend in that venture. That you know the performance that we achieved in the first venture based on underwriting relative to the original projection is off the chart. So we had investors that wanted to continue into the second venture. We did our initial close of that venture in March we anticipate that that just the initial close and the funds will grow higher than that. And it’s all about stacking these two different build to core opportunities, at the end of the day what we really like to have is $5 billion to $10 billion of completed product that produces an enormous amount of cash flow and gives us the ability to monetize these assets in a much more productive way than selling them off one by one.
Bruce Gross: So as you think about financial services there's a couple points that might be helpful as you think about the leverage going forward. The first one on the mortgage side is we have about an 80% capture rate on the Lennar financial services side. We have an opportunity to bring up the capture rate, CalAtlantic was running in the 50s. They do have more jumbo product and higher price points. So somewhere between that 50% let’s say we get up between 60% and 70% over the next year that's going to add a lot of leverage to the program. With the back office and the secondary, there's a lot of opportunity for leverage with financial services as well on mortgage side. And on the title side, we have an underwriter and CalAtlantic did not, so we're immediately starting the underwriter on CalAtlantic transactions that will add additional opportunities as well. And we've combined the title folks as well they’ll be overhead leverage there as well.
Bruce Gross: There is a lot of moving pieces between the two businesses, so I could walk you through those offline if that will be helpful.
