Jon Jaffe: Thanks, Rick. This morning, I'll discuss our land position and give an update on the status of the supply chain. I will be brief as I know that sales and interest rates dominate the interest of our investors. We are pleased with the excellent progress we continue to make on our land light strategy as evidenced by our controlled homesite percentage increasing to 62% at the end of the second quarter from 50% last year. We also continue to make progress by reducing the years of supply of owned homesites to 3.1 years at the end of the second quarter, down from 3.3 years last year. To-date, we have worked with our land strategies group, which will become a vertical of Quarterra to continue to reduce our years of land owned even lower. Using this strategy, we have cycled some $10 billion of land and land development from owned to controlled as we refined the supply of just in time home sites to our homebuilding machine. Our extreme focus on the land lighter model saved us a significant amount of cash spend on land acquisitions during the quarter. We ended the quarter as noted with $1.3 billion in cash, no borrowings under $2.6 billion revolver and homebuilding debt to capital 17.7%. As Stuart noted, we are very well positioned to manage through the changing interest rate environment with our excellent asset land light position and very strong balance sheet as the foundation for that position. Turning to the supply chain and its well documented challenges for the industry. Our second quarter started presenting some favorable news. There were still intermittent disruptions and an increase in construction costs, but for the first time since the disruptions began, we saw a flattening in cycle time. Over the past four months, cycle time has expanded by only five days, which we believe signals at peak. Additionally, about 25% of our markets experienced cycle time reductions in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. There are still challenges that occur, but we are managing them effectively evidence not only by this flattening of cycle time, but also by being above the high end of our guidance for second quarter closings. Our direct construction costs in the second quarter were up 1.6% sequentially and 20% year-over-year, both lower than the comparable increases for the same period in the first quarter and fourth quarter of 2021. Rise in labor cost accounted for all of the increase in the second quarter. Material costs were lower due to the lower priced lumber from starts in the second half of last year. We expect costs will rise again in the back half of 2022 as increases in lumber that's back in Q1 will flow through those closings. The current drop in lumber prices that we're experiencing would start near the end of our second quarter will lower the cost of our starts in the second half of this year and related deliveries in the first half of 2023. Thank you. And I'll now turn it over to Diane.
Jon Jaffe: Of course, let's say that the analysis that Rick spoke about in that, still we're going to focus on daily as a community by community analysis. So you got to first understand that it's very varied from each community. So even when we speak of a market that's a broad overview. Within that market, we'll have some communities that are still performing very well and some that need the assistance with incentives or mortgage rate buydowns that were described. And as it was said, it's very hard to look forward as there is this rebalancing between price and interest rates of very exactly when incentive will be needed and that's why I say, regular focus on a community by community analysis.
Jon Jaffe: Yeah. But look, I'd even say don't let the 1% be a boundary or limitation. I think the fact is, you're right now hearing from a group that is looking at these numbers real time on a market by market basis and it is changing and evolving in a variety of markets. The tipping point from a Tier 1 to a Tier 2 to a Tier 3 market, as Rick properly described them, it is a matter of timing and it's a matter of supply within that market and the confidence level that's embedded in that market very hard to anticipate and you don't really get a warning sign before you see it. So you're really hearing the -- or you're seeing the picture kind of like a balance sheet, a snapshot of where we are today. Tomorrow could move a little bit one way or the other.
Jon Jaffe: Just one point of clarification as Rick has mentioned earlier, it's a combination of mortgage rate systems and form of buydowns for commitments, arms, combined with some price adjustments. So the mortgage component is a very important component as you deal with. Stuart mentioned earlier, people buy monthly payments. So we really -- most of the markets in the second two buckets don't see much in the way of price adjustments versus a combination of mortgage rate help with a smaller price adjustment.
Stuart Miller: Right. Let me just add to that Steve, most of what you're seeing flowing through our third quarter is already in backlog. So it's not just lumber that's in backlog, it's also many of the incentives. There will be some cancellations and some rotation through. And so we'll see some movement through the quarter. And as we noted, given the changing environment it’s going to be hard to say what actually the numbers are going to round out to be. There's going to be some averaging. Just remember that on the third quarter, we have a pretty good sense of visibility given the fact that a lot of our backlog is focused on the third quarter.
Stuart Miller: So let me say, Steve, that the entire rental market is interesting right now. We've talked a lot over the quarters about housing shortage. The fact is that even as interest rates go up, people still need a place to live household formation remains strong. I know you've covered a lot of these dynamics. And at the end of the day, we're probably going to push more people from homeownership towards rental that will mean multi-family, traditional multi-family as well as single family for rent. And I think there's going to be some dynamic shifting that moves around in all of these areas to the extent that we move more people out of home ownership and towards rental, it increases the demand for an already supply constrained component of the market, that's the rental market both SFR and traditional rentals. If you look at rental rates, and where they have been moving over the past year, both on the traditional rentals and the single-family for rent, you've seen pretty aggressive movements upward in rental rates. That is a function of limited supply and growing demand. So how this is going to play out, as part of what we point to as some of the confusion or some of the question marks that sit out there over the next quarters as the market reconciles to a new interest rate environment, rental rates that are moving and shifting and even the SFR buyers are going to have to rethink what their model looks like. They have higher interest rates in their capital stack, but they also are getting higher rental rates from their customers. So we're going to have to see how that plays out.
Stuart Miller: I think we've noted before our start pace is primarily a function of an orderly program of building and delivering homes on a recurring basis. Our start pace has been more constrained by the availability of permits and people to actually generate the entitlements and permits that are required in order start a home. And so you'll see some variability in our starts as we look ahead to our third quarter, we actually see some modest pullback just because the difficulty in getting permits out. As I've said in my comments and I'll say again, we've been looking at over the past years a supply -- a limited supply of housing across the country. And while the country goes through the interest rate and sales price kind of reconciliation or rebalancing, we're going to continue and orderly start program even as demand moves up and down, we'll adjust pricing in order to get the appropriate amount of deliveries into the system to make up some of the work force efficiencies that exist in most major markets.
Stuart Miller: The other thing that is behind the numbers is that we've been -- we strategically have as we've done in the last several quarters sold our homes later in the construction cycle, which works very effectively in this market because our buyers want to lock their loan closer to the time that they're going to be closing on the home. As a result, we've limited presales or early sales which makes the start pace a little bit higher than the sales pace.
Stuart Miller: I think it's important to recognize, we have virtually no land impairment risk in our backlog. Our margins remain healthy. We remain focused on recognizing that prices are going to move around a little bit and we'll continue to build efficiencies in the way that we create value for our customers. But our land acquisition model and our land acquisition program has been rock solid and I think the market is going to have to fall an awful lot for us to start talking about impairments once again. That's a throwback to the last financial crisis and we just don't -- we have a lot of room in margin. We have a lot of adaptability in our program long way before we start thinking about impairments.
Stuart Miller: And the other thing that we've seen with regard to backlog is to the extent in many markets that someone cancels out, we have a replacement buyer because there's such limited available inventory that's ready to close on.
Stuart Miller: As I said in my opening remarks, our incentives have still historically run much higher than the 1.6% level. As we look forward, there's probably another point 1% that has been factored into our go forward look with regard to incentives. And as Jon said, that could be 0% in some markets and a little bit higher in others.
Stuart Miller: We have a couple of strategies embedded in our land program. First of all, we have some really comprehensive relationships with some of the land developers. I think we move in sync and everybody understands that sometimes markets move up. We all make money together. Sometimes markets move down, we all shift and adjust to market conditions. I think that's not a difference in the land development world. It's exactly the way that we've constructed our land development world. Additionally, Jon properly pointed out that our land strategies component of our Quarterra ultimately asset management business is a really important structural change for the company. We've built in elasticity in that program really to be able to act as a shock absorber as we go through the ups and downs of market conditions. And I think it's one of the more important structural changes that will provide stability for our land programming as we go through the years. And so this is something that we've been focusing on, anticipating gyrations and movements in the homebuilding world and building land strategies that are flexible for times just like these.
Stuart Miller: It’s why we've given broad boundaries and instead of guidance, we don't want to guess because there are a lot of moving parts, a lot of them. They're the obvious ones like lumber prices and realtor costs and variety of things that, that we can put our finger on, but then there's also operating leverage and where ASP is going to go and a variety of things. We know that we're trying to aim for a moving target and that target is moving in ways that we can't always anticipate. So the answer to your question is, we're not quite sure yet. We've tried to give some boundaries as to what we see coming up in the third quarter and we're going to address the fourth quarter as we get closer to it and see what that landscape looks like, Alan. To get more granular than that would be a series of guesses but I don't think brings any of us closer to something that's actionable.
Stuart Miller: Well, look Alan, I think you know, you've been around us and the business for a long time. Land is the most complicated and difficult part of the strategic composition of a homebuilder. And we have spent -- we at Lennar have spent tremendous hours thinking about land strategies and how we can have -- how do we create greater visibility to our future without greater risk to our balance sheet and that has very much been the balance that we've migrated over these six (ph) years. It's what we're most enthusiastic about as it relates to our land strategies vertical in Quarterra, the ability to tie up more land, to give us more visibility, but to do it in ways where we have maximum flexibility. The ability to, as you say, if the market changes in dramatic fashion, we can pull back or renegotiate or reposition some of the longer dated strategies. The shorter dated strategies are going to be more durable and we'll be able to just build through. So what we've done is we've trifurcated our thinking around land into short, medium and long term buckets And we have carefully crafted flexible programs so that we can enhance our visibility and reduce the risk to balance sheet and enhance flexibility in doing so. And I think that's what you're seeing evolve with our company. You look at our balance sheet today, it is as strong as it's ever -- it's stronger than it's ever been and the visibility to land only benefits our future.
Stuart Miller: Well, as I said in my remarks, we're adjusting pricing on a home by home basis. And in many of these markets, net pricing and gross pricing is up 40% to 50% over the year ago period. So it takes relatively modest price adjustments to move the needle in order to spur some activity in these markets. What buyers are really focused on right now is just sticker shock. There's been an increase in mortgage rates and that combined with the economic headwinds, people just are concerned are they making the right decision at this point in time. Reality is that the market has very limited inventory. We're seeing rent growth in all of these markets. So folks are really just trying to make sure that they don't feel that as when they talk to their neighbor that there is a downward pull. So people are working through the process. They understand that values have adjusted. And in the overall mix of the composition of our company as a -- on a global margin basis, these are very small percentage changes and what you've seen us factoring those into the go forward guidance.
Stuart Miller: And I just want to direct my partner Rick and just say, downward pull was a little severe. I think the greater pool was a little bit [Multiple Speakers]. Go ahead, Mike.
Stuart Miller: Right. Is it the resolution of supply chain issues is not so much in the supply chain and has gotten easier. It's that we've figured out and worked hard to manage it better. We have the residual impact of the fact that our cycle time still remains a sticky kind of larger version of itself. So it still takes us longer to produce a home, which is inefficient and a derivative of supply chain management.
Stuart Miller: Well, here's the positive thing about what's happened at Lennar is over the past years, we've had terrific prosperity and we've used those moments not to sit back on our laurels, but instead to really focus on enhancing our business model. We've refined the cost of operation. We focused on cash generation. We've built models that limit inventory and limit the exposure land on our balance sheet and enabled us to generate a tremendous amount of cash. We expect to continue to think very much the same way as we go forward that we're going to be positioning our company with land visibility that enables us to continue to build our business in an orderly fashion. We expect to continue to pay down debt. We expect to continue to opportunistically buyback stock and we have the capital in the balance sheet to be able to do that, even while we're spending $2.5 billion of additional capital from Quarterra -- so -- with Quarterra. So I think that we are in an enviable position of strength. We said so at the end of our press release and in my comments and that position of strength at times like this is a great way to be positioned and to deal with the market condition. I think that's a good off road, good time to wrap up. Let me say that we as a group, as a management group, are happy to have our partner Rick back in the fold after his belt with COVID last week. He was manned down for a few days, but the company was still able to operate without losing a step, but now we're at full strength. And we look forward to reporting back at the end of third quarter, hopefully with a bit more certainty. Thank you, everyone.
Rick Beckwitt: So first let me address the question on backlog and deposits. One of the things that our mortgage company has done is really attack and lock our Q3 and Q4 backlog. We've had a very concentrated effort to make sure that people have mortgages in place so that when closing comes up, they're good to go.
Rick Beckwitt: And as I said in my comments, Jon, Stuart and I are making daily adjustments to pricing to make sure that we maintain them and those adjustments incorporate what's going on with rents in the single-family communities and the investment buyer.
Rick Beckwitt: And we've said over the past years that we match our sales to our start pace versus the other way around to maintain that orderly discipline that Stuart described. We feel that gives us much better control of our cost inputs and then keeps our machine very efficient.
Rick Beckwitt: Also very different from last cycle as mentioned in my comments, our land strategy is focused has been on really positioning land on a controlled position and structures that can adjust to a changing market environment, which really gives us further insulation from the potential of impairments.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, it's just like for us this is all happening in real time in that same evaluation, happens with our relationships. But to-date, there's been willingness to proceed to acquire assets that are properly underwritten. And I think as we sit here knowing what we know now we have a good deal of confidence that we'll we get that -- hit that 65% target, but like, with everything we have to see how things evolve where the market goes to.
Rick Beckwitt: So we're not giving regular updates on Quarterra just yet and it don't want to get locked in that bucket, but I think we've given some boundaries in our past calls as to assets under management relative to Quarterra. I don't want to give you a number right now. I don't have it at my fingertips. But what I did say is an additional $2.5 billion over time, I think Jon highlighted some of the migration of some of our land assets through our land strategies program. But we've really seen quite a lot of assets come off our balance sheet already relative to our Quarterra verticals and the way they have developed over the past couple of years. I think as we move forward, we're going to continue to see our land strategies program really continue to develop and that will benefit Quarterra. It will also benefit Lennar, but the $2.5 billion that I've highlighted is additional to the dollars that have already been -- that have already migrated from the Lennar balance sheet to the Quarterra private equity components.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, relative to the second part of your question, as always, there's a lag between a shift in markets and a shift in what's going through in terms of construction volume as the construction trades and the supply chain build through the backlog that's under construction. Relative to what we're seeing, as I said in my comments, there's still disruptions, but both we and our suppliers are much better positioned today. Everyone has learned a lot over the last two years and are able to respond very quickly to solving problems where at the earlier parts of the pandemic and disruption, it sometimes could take months to solve problems. We are now being resolved in days. And the two areas where there is ongoing shortages really in electrical equipment. and in flex duct. But even those were in close communication with our trade partners, that supply that they've got all visibility in terms of what our needs are for the coming quarters. It's very close working relationship.
