Stuart Miller: Great. Thanks, Rick. As you can see, I think we've got our WCI transaction well in hand and we're very enthusiastic about it. So to wrap up homebuilding, I wanted to say we've noted before that our strategy remains a clear pivot in land strategy towards a shorter term land acquisition and towards a 7% to 10% growth strategy. Given the WCI addition, our 2017 growth rates should be on the higher side of our goals or a little over that goal.  We've also refocused on expanding our first-time buyer offering with our mix now standing at right around 40%. Combined, these strategic elements will continue to produce very strong cash flow for the Company and will result in continued balance sheet improvement.  Now let me turn briefly to our other segments. As you've seen, our financial services segment is also off to a great start in 2017. Of course, the business is growing in lock step with our homebuilding operations and will expand with the addition of the WCI acquisition, but it's also expanding its non-Lennar business reach and growing bottom line. Financial services results exceeded last year's first quarter result by 38%, driven in part by increased profitability in title operations and Bruce, who overseas this operation, will give additional color in his portion.  Lennar multi-family. We couldn't be more pleased with the evolution and performance of LMC. Our entry into the apartment development business was timed perfectly and LMC continues to execute flawlessly. LMC, under the leadership of Todd Farrell, has reached maturity and is poised for continuous annual profitability.  As noted in our press release, this segment generated $19.2 million in pretax income, up 57% from last year as we sold another two communities under our merchant build program. During the first quarter, we started some 1,373 apartments in five communities with a total development cost of approximately $600 million.  As of February 28, 2017, we had a geographically diverse pipeline of 74 communities, totaling almost 23,000 apartment homes with a total development cost of almost $8 billion. We're gearing up our build-to-core program that we've discussed in the past with some 20 communities for 6,000 apartments already under construction to fill the $2.2 billion equity bucket with geographically diversified A-located, brand new and modern apartment communities in a generally shelter constrained environment.  Rialto also turned in an excellent quarter. Rialto contributed $12 million to the bottom line this quarter as market conditions favored this business segment as well. The various elements of Rialto are starting to take shape as we continue to work through the remaining legacy assets on book.  In this quarter, we have started to book some of the long awaited promote from fund one which reflects the work of the extraordinary team of professionals investing and managing third-party capital and generating industry-leading returns. Additionally, market conditions particularly favored Rialto Mortgage Finance, as that exceptionally run team which is focused on the commercial mortgage conduit business, exceeded expectations and closed three transactions totaling $478 million. The intersection of an outstanding operating team and strong market conditions produced an industry-leading net margin for the Company.  Finally, FivePoint remains poised as a self-sufficient standalone large-scale community builder in California. This Company manages and controls some of the best positioned properties in some of the most land constrained markets in the country. The current market optimism raises the possibility that this Company, that's been waiting for market conditions to reopen the IPO market, might just find a window to go public. We'll see if the current sweep of optimism in the capital and stock markets sets the stage for FivePoint's future.  So in conclusion, across the platform of our Company, we're feeling pretty optimistic about this year ahead. We're clearly well positioned to capitalize across our platform on the strong market conditions that seem apparent.  Each of our operating segments is mature and positioned to perform in strengthening market conditions. People, assets and operations are all aligned to perform in 2017 and we look forward to keeping you updated.  With that, let me turn it over to Bruce. 
Stuart Miller: Interesting. Carl, our guidance is really tied to the current state, the current market environment, the way that we see things right now. The discussion, the statements that I made on the conference call, on the, my prepared comments and in our quote, really are kind of forward-looking given the temperament of the market right now and kind of what we see around the corner or what we feel like we're seeing around the corner.  I don't want to get too far out over our skis. We're not injecting that optimism in our guidance right now, but what we're seeing and what we've heard a lot about, is supply constraint across all kinds, all dwelling product types from rental to for sale and we have also seen that we're land constrained and production constrained and that's been the case for some time.  The injection of some market optimism and what we saw in our sales pace as we went through the quarter really gives me reason to believe that as we look out ahead a couple of quarters, we're going to start to see prices move just as we would expect with a demand and supply imbalance, with demand increasing and supply somewhat constrained. So that's kind of where we're on that. Our guidance was really rooted in where we've seen things on more current basis. 
Stuart Miller: Yes, sure. So my comments about banks is more narrative that we're hearing from the banks than actual action in the field at this point. The banks are definitely starting to talk about the regulatory environment shifting and the enforcement environment shifting and reverting to a more normal state.  The banks are starting to talk about their ability to think about getting back into the mortgage market and lending to smaller businesses which I think is sorely needed and these things will all ripple through the housing market in a positive way. Let's go on to the next question. 
Stuart Miller: Okay so, wow, that's a real fist full of questions. Let's start with the California question and let's remember that there are always legislative moves afoot to alter the landscape in California. The legislation that's proposed at this point is just another one of those that comes down the pike on a pretty regular basis and we'll just have to see where it works out.  It's a bill that, if implemented as it's described, would have an impact on costs relative to residential construction. Some communities out there, including some of our larger scale communities in FivePoint, might be exempt from the legislation, so it would be a mixed bag of impacts, some of them positive, some of them negative. I think, overall, negative for affordability in California and so this is going to be talked through, worked out and see where we actually end up.  But this is the landscape in California and I think that all of these type of legislative initiatives come with positive and negative impacts and we'll just have to see where this one shakes out. As it relates to construction costs overall, the story around construction costs has been one of increases over the past many quarters. You've heard us talk about that.  I think that as we think about our numbers, construction costs as a percentage of our sales price has probably moved up around 100 basis points and there's most certainly pressure on construction costs in the labor constrained market and this is why we focus on our trade partner Summit, our relationship with our trade partners, making sure that we're the builder of choice for our trade partners.  We think that this is a strategic advantage for the Company and we've spent a lot of time developing relationships throughout our trade. So let me just turn it over to Jon and ask him because Jon really spear-headed this effort within the Company and has done a remarkable job. 
Stuart Miller: It is the one number that is like three-dimensional chess trying to figure it out there. A lot of moving parts as you go through the year. There's some prediction, anticipation, some guesswork and it's because, as demand moves around a little bit, as weather impacts, as third party participants, as we have moderated down our ownership of land, we're more dependent on third party. All of these places play a part in making it a hard number to get your head around and so we do conservatize it a little bit as well. 
Stuart Miller: I think some of that is driven by the impact of still, a little bit of sluggishness in Houston, but with regard to Houston, we have seen a pick up. We're starting to see a little of an increase in rig count and we still have a divergence in sales pace between the higher priced and the lower priced ones. So, Houston was a little soft, but it looks like it's, the picture is getting a little brighter there as we move through the year. 
Stuart Miller: Okay, so, I'm not really sure where you get your 7%, but let's put that aside and let's understand where my commentary comes from. Remember that when we're looking at our monthly year-over-year, we're looking at comparison to last year. So, let's take seasonality out of the equation because we're looking at December to December, January to January, February to February, so the seasonality is injected at both sides.  And what we were seeing in terms of the numbers is a slower and lower comparison in December, a comparable comparison in January and a substantially higher comparison in February. So that's the numerical side of the commentary. But the empirical side is what I look to dovetail with the number side, as I think about these things and I try to think about them in realtime and balance what we're hearing at the front line in the field from our customers and measure that up against what we're seeing in the numbers.  And so the commentary really derives from the kind of traffic patterns, the questions that people are talking about and the kinds of people that are showing up. What we're starting to see -- I think in my commentary I noted that the millennials are doubled up at about a 60% rate living at home with parents, relatives or roommates. It's at 115 year high as reported in U.S.A Today.  I don't know if that's exactly the right number, but it is directionally interesting and we're starting to see some of that cohort start to come out to our sale centers and talk about the fact that rental rates are high, rental rates have been moving, rental rates create some instability. It's time to start thinking about buying a home, 30-year mortgage, fixing the monthly payment and looking at the possibilities and benefits of actual ownership, dovetailing that with the banks talking about coming back to market.  These are the components that kind of make up my sense that there's something afoot in the market that's broader than just one month in a row positive comparison. So that's kind of where it comes from, Mike. 
Stuart Miller: Well, what I would say, Mike, is that, as we go through the purchases accounting exercise, we look at all the various assets and the assets will be, let's just to use an estimate, be somewhere close to the margins that we get within that marketplace where the assets are. So as we're performing at a certain level, we would expect the assets in that same market to be somewhere close.  So, the real purchase accounting impact is really in the second quarter as we write up backlog and then as you get beyond the second quarter, for the most part, the integration costs, the write up of backlog is all behind us, we expect. And then for the second half of the year and beyond, you get back to more normal type of margins that we would expect in that market place and that's probably the best way to think about it. 
Stuart Miller: Okay, so with that, let me say thank you to everybody for joining us. We feel really good about how our Company is positioned and how the year is starting to shape up. We think that the overall environment is strong and we look forward to reporting back to you as we go through the rest of the year. Thank you. 
Jon Jaffe: So, clearly, the pressures remain from a labor constrained market. What we see a little bit different is we have seen some pressure on the material side. Lumber, for example, is up about 9% since December and we've seen an impact there and even with all of the commodities, they all have moved up. In part, in reaction to expected expenditures by the government with infrastructure and that's affecting the supply chain. But as Stuart mentioned, our focus is that those cost pressures are going to be what they are.  And we position ourselves to how we take advantage of the marketplace of what our landscapes in front of us and I think we have excellent communication relationships with our trade to make sure we're well positioned. There will be a spike of activity once the weather dries up in California, as you know and we're in deep discussions with all our trades about how to manage that as it comes out and I think we'll navigate those waters very well. 
Jon Jaffe: Hello, Steve. You really see the absorption pace moderate by market. So, for example, California and the Pacific Northwest are strongest from a pace. California is up 4.5 sales per community. I think that our Company average is three. So, in those markets, you see that incentives, you see more pricing power. And in other markets, the Tampa and Orlando, we saw healthy pace there of 3.7 sales per community.  Even in Houston we saw an improvement as we reduced our community count, but our sales pace picked up a little bit year-over-year. So, in those markets, I'd say that it affects both the starter price point and the move-up price points. In Texas which is marked as more flattish from a sales pace standpoint, there you see a differential where the first time buyer product moves at a faster pace than the move-up product. 
Jon Jaffe: Yes, that's what we expect. We're setting out in the winter months, December, January, we saw more incentives. We've seen that come down and we would expect to see that continue to come down. 
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. For the most part, it was due to the weather. More impacted in terms of starts than the closings, but there were markets where it was impact as well. We couldn't complete landscaping which prevented us from getting COOs, as an example.  I think that we will make up the majority of that. It will push towards the back of the year and a little of it will slide into where multi-family type of for-sale product in the Bay Area, as an example. There's condominiums. That might push out beyond the year. But I don't think that we'll see any impact to our margins from those weather impacts and delays, just some timing issues. 
Jon Jaffe: As we look at that -- this is Jon -- we strategically reduced our community count in Houston which brought the total community count in the central region down a little bit year-over-year and our sales pace was actually just up a tick year-over-year, so I think it's pretty steady there and we're managing our portfolio of communities adjusting it to the market conditions. 
Rick Beckwitt: So, Steve, this is Rick. I think you really nailed it. It's a combination of some acceleration of absorptions in some really well located communities. That combined with weather impacts that have delayed some of our communities opening and there's also a portion of it where we buy home sites from third party developers and we can't control the schedule that they deliver the home sites to us. I think as we approach the back half of the year, you'll start to see an acceleration of community count. Clearly into 2018, we'll be on a pretty good run rate at that point. 
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, I guess the thing I'd say to add to that, Stephen, is we're spot on with where we thought we would be for the quarter with regard to gross margins. 
Rick Beckwitt: I think that the analyst community put too much margin in the first half of the year than in the back half of the year. We're on the trajectory to get to where we guided to. With regard to WCI, as Bruce said, it'll have about a 20 to 30 basis point impact in Q2. But given the fact that WCI had a low cost land position with high gross margins, it will not negatively impact margins for this year on an annualized basis. 
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, this is Rick. We haven't really given any 2018 guidance, but you could expect from my comments earlier that we will get SG&A leverage, you will see a benefit to some gross margin because of lower costs and operating efficiencies and as we move into the tail end of this year, we'll give guidance for 2018. 
