Stuart Miller: So, thanks Steve. And first of all, let me say, I know that we packed a lot of information into our opening remarks. And so, we're going to take Q&A for a little bit longer. But thanks for the question. Rick daylighted that our sales, as we came into June, are up over 20%. And we're not giving exact numbers because we really don't want to get carried away with it, but the market is strong. And just the discussions with our divisions really across the country is that they're seeing really strong activity. It's hard to tell what portion of that is a push forward or push into the third quarter -- the second quarter traditional selling season, and what represents a rethinking of where people live and how they want to live and what -- how sticky that's going to be. So what you're seeing in our guidance is a clear understanding that the market is strong. And yes, it can remain strong as we go forward. There is a supply constraint. Interest rates are low and are likely to stay low for a period of time. The economy is certainly looking for ways to recover, and with recovery and reduced unemployment rates, there is cause for optimism. I would think that the housing market and its strength will contribute to job creation, absorbing some of the people who might have lost their jobs more permanently. So there are reasons for optimism, and we do think that sales can be stronger. We are going to balance between pricing and pace as we move through the third quarter and into the fourth. On the other side, we inject some conservatism in our projections or in our guidance because we're still learning. We're still looking at how the economy will actually resolve the disruption that it's gone through, how jobs will come back. There is certainly the cloud of social unrest right now. So, there are questions out there and moderating factors. There is upside in our numbers, particularly on sales. There is also caution. And we're trying to do with that balance and be straight as we look at giving guidance for going forward.
Stuart Miller: I know that we set the stage with long-winded introductions and you certainly carried it forward. So, your next question is going to have to be shorter. But -- so, let me say that there is no story. There are many stories, and many of the stories are playing out. Just to give you some data, I was talking this morning to our Southeast Florida division, Carlos Gonzalez, and Carlos enthusiastically said that 31% of his sales most recently have come from the City of Miami to the suburban areas of Miami, migrating to the suburban areas. So, we are hearing that kind of empirical data that is just starting to percolate up where we're starting to see that some of these stories are really playing out, the migration from rental communities to single-family homes or even single-family for rent. These are all stories that are just starting to play out. We don't have enough data around it. We will over time. But with that said, we don't know the permanence, how long-lasting it's going to be, and we want to moderate with that, but there a myriad of stories. And maybe Jon and Rick will chime in and share some of their thoughts.
Stuart Miller: I would just add to that, Jon, and say let's remember that what was disrupted by the pandemic was an already very strong housing market, and we were just entering the selling season in a market that was already revealing itself as being fairly robust. When we announced our first quarter earnings, while it took a backseat to the discussion about what was happening to the broader economy, our earnings picture was very strong, our sales were very strong. And so, it makes sense that with a basically two to three-month hiatus or slowdown in the middle, the traffic that was already embedded is somewhat coming forward, but it's added to by the number of narratives that are playing out at the same time. Deciphering which is which is a little bit complicated. And the other thing I want to highlight and remind people is, we have talked for the past years about a production deficit. We have been underproducing homes dwellings from multi-family, rental, all the way through to single-family, suburban. Across the board, the country has been underproducing homes for a very long time, for certainly the past 10 years. And that underproduction means we have short supply against strong demand, pent-up demand, stalled demand, and this is likely to be with us for some period of time. We do not have an overstated inventory to absorb that demand. So we're likely to see an under-supply meeting with a strong demand for some period of time.
Stuart Miller: Well, before I let Rick answer that question, let me just say that community count, we have all learned together, is one of the most difficult numbers to project. It moves around a lot. And in the context of the environment that we've been working in with municipality offices shutting down, being less available, getting fewer of permits out of them for land development, it becomes even more difficult. So I'll let Rick take it from there.
Stuart Miller: So, look Mike, we have daylighted that our focus has been on all ranges of technology across our platform because there is a direct translation to bringing the cost side of our world down. It's everything from construction costs to labor costs, to internal efficiencies and the way that we internally transmit and report our numbers, and all the way through to our customer experience and the way that we interact with our customers. A part of our initiative is designed to make sure that we're able to produce affordable housing. So it's not going to all flow through to margin. It's going to help us keep our home prices affordable as we go forward. And so, there's not a direct relationship to our margin because some of these initiatives are going to flow through to the benefit of our customers. But with that said, we think that our margins will improve. You're already seeing some of that improvement injected going forward. Some of that derives from things like pricing power. Some of it derives from things like reduced incentives or reduced realtor cooperation. But it's -- all parts of our business are bringing our cost structure down. With that said, and to directly answer your question, we look over the next couple of years at the 100 basis points, maybe a couple of hundred basis points that flow through. And these are our objectives. As we think about it, it's more of an internal number than part of our guidance right now. But you're definitely seeing improvement in the way that our cost structure is configured.
Stuart Miller: The shift today has been fairly mild. People are still learning to properly use and engage the digital technologies, and that learning curve, it takes some time to implement and to perfect. But as we perfect that, we're going to see a greater number of both our customers enjoying the digital engagement and the autonomy, as well as our new home consultants and what we call our Internet new home consultants, or ISCs, really being able to work with those tools and be far more effective and efficient. This is a migration that's going to take place over the next quarters and years. And I think we'll be better equipped to answer as we develop additional experience. But I will say that the way I think about this is, we've had probably a year or two of change management get incorporated over just the past three months as we've reeducated or educated our new home consultants and our customer base that these tools exist and are quite beneficial to a better experience.
Stuart Miller: So, I think with that succinct answer, we'll end it there. I want to thank everybody for joining us and for enduring some rather long and windy opening remarks. I know it starts with me, but we felt that we wanted to share more information at what can be a confusing time and look forward to reporting in a more condensed way. Our third quarter is a few months from now. Thank you for joining.
Jon Jaffe: And Steve, it's Jon. Let's remember, as I said, we intentionally pulled back on about 4,100 starts, and we're going to manage carefully not to be selling too far forward into the future. And so, we’re going to control the sales pace, even though the market might allow us to sell at a faster pace, we're going to make sure that we match to our production pace.
Jon Jaffe: I would add that I think we're seeing more people move out of apartments into new homes versus existing homes. So I think it makes sense to me that, on the multi-family side, they are not seeing a rapid spike in their turnover. But it doesn't take many basis points of market shift from existing to new to really impact the demand for us, and I think we're definitely seeing that because in all our divisions, as Stuart noted, with Southeast Florida, we're seeing a pickup in sales of people coming directly out of apartments.
Jon Jaffe: I think with respect to your last question, Truman, as you think about qualification requirements to purchase a home, the people that we're seeing buying our homes today for the most part are not relying on the government assistance checks. They are employed for someone to purchase and close. They we've got job security. So, we're really not seeing that. Stuart said a moment ago, it's -- we really -- and Rick said, we really have to wait and see how things unfold with how sustainable some of these trends are and how much of it is a pullback from what was missed in second half of March and beginning of April, which was in the middle of a very strong spring selling season. How much of these are trends of a strengthening of the millennials moving to the suburbs, people looking for a better way to have a home office, all the factors that we know are playing out right now, we're going to have to see how sustainable they are.
Jon Jaffe: And I would just add that I agree with Stuart, but really 100% of our new home consultants and Internet sales consultants are using our virtual tools today. It's really a question of them becoming experts at it really comfortable with it. We've launched a series of training programs that we take our associates through to how to sell virtually, and it's rapidly accelerating. But it is change management and it will continue to improve.
Jon Jaffe: What we are seeing is a steady decline as we look year-over-year and sequentially the quarter is a decline in our build cycle time. And so, we've seen -- as an example, this quarter compared to a year ago, about a 15-day decline in our cycle time. So all elements of efficiency from the coordination with our trade, even flow focus, the benefits of everything is included in today's world. I think, just our total Builder of Choice program has attracted trades to us, making sure that we have the trade power that we need on the job as we need them. And we're there to facilitate things flowing more smoothly for them. So, I think that's another trend that I expect to see continue for us as a continued contraction of that.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. I agree with Stuart. We're going to have to see how things evolve. But we do have some trends that are really positive. Going into this, we had the millennial population that was going through wanting to move to the suburbs, having babies and things like that. On top of this, we've seen a mass flight from highly populated areas where people just really don't want to be confined in small spaces. So we are really positioned well and have been investing in opportunities and contracting for land to take advantage of this. One of the most interesting dynamics that we're looking at is, with the dramatic fall in oil prices, people have the ability, if they need to commute, to commute at much more affordable levels. But many times now, since you can work at home, you don't need to drive anywhere. So, that really opens up a vast amount of opportunities for us as we look down the road.
Rick Beckwitt: And Ivy, one other point, and you've seen it in how you're tracking the better run in higher Class A REITs, is in our multi-family business, our occupancy really hasn't changed much. We have people paying rent and really didn't have a big dip in any of that. And what we've seen as we've really drilled down is it's coming from the non-Class A lower-quality apartments, or people don't want to live there anymore. In the higher Class A that have good amenities, there's people that want to live there. But we're seeing a mass exodus from the lower-quality non-amenitized apartments across the U.S.
Rick Beckwitt: I think we're just going to have to monitor how things change in the economy. We're seeing a lot of double -- dual income folks coming to our communities where with mortgage rates as low as they are, small price changes, even incremental within a couple of months, really don't move the needle that much. But it's an interesting phenomenon right now.
Rick Beckwitt: So the cancellation rate really has come down, as I highlighted. And we also pointed out that through the month of May, each week got picked up in activity. So the last week of May was stronger than the first week of May. And then, really going back over the last six weeks, in each of those weeks, we sold north of 1,000 homes, increasing during that time period. So we did see the market solidify. That continued into June. And the market has got a good solid footing right now.
Rick Beckwitt: We really haven't talked about June can rate, but that has come down. And I just want to be very careful to not give too many micro statistics associated with the business. The trend line was consistent throughout the month, increasing week-to-week and continuing into June.
Rick Beckwitt: So, I'll take the question that we really don't know the great answer to, which is, we expect our community count to dip slightly in Q3, stabilize in Q4, and we're optimistic as we enter 2021, through the balance of 2021 that we'll see probably a 5% increase in community count in 2021. Just really can't underestimate the -- the difficulty it has been getting communities out of the ground as towns and municipalities reopen up and do permitting.
