Jonathan Jaffe: Thanks, Rick. We publicly announced that we expect to realize at least $75 million and $250 million in synergies in fiscal years 2018 and 2019, respectively. As reported in our S-4 filing, we told our board of directors prior to signing the merger agreement that we believe the synergies will be $100 million and $365 million in fiscal years 2018 and 2019, respectively. The majority of these synergies, $265 million in 2019, will come from lower direct construction costs. Given that the combined volume represents approximately 125 million square feet of homes per year, this equates to $2.12 per square foot, just a 3.7% savings from Lennar's current direct construction costs. Contributing to this 3.7% savings per foot will be the cost savings associated with Lennar's stand-alone volume as we would expect greater leverage as we increase our production from 75 million to 125 million square feet. We have already put in place a world-class supply chain team made up of associates from Lennar, CalAtlantic and some new additions to the team. We are organized with a 15-member supply chain team, five regional purchasing vice presidents, three regional operating centers and our division purchasing teams. We will benefit from Lennar associates' experience in supply chain and Everything's Included execution and CalAtlantic associates who manages -- managed the supply chain integration of the Standard Pacific-Ryland merger as well as the Centex-Pulte merger. Lennar's three existing operating centers in Florida, Texas and California will be leveraged to officially process the purchasing activity of the larger organization. We have a detailed road map by task and completion date to capture supply chain synergies, which prioritizes action items. We've already evaluated the national contracts between the two companies and created synergy targets by category. Meetings have commenced with strategic manufacturers and suppliers, and we have already started awarding national contracts based on the combined volume. This week, we are at the International Builders Show taking place in Orlando and one-on-one meetings with all of the major vendors. Plans are in place for the exploration of private label manufacturing, vertical integration of components such as concrete block, trusses and panelization, along with product value engineering. Plans for SG&A synergies are in place with our operational structure set, as Rick described earlier. Additionally, when CalAtlantic communities are converted to Lennar's efficient Everything's Included platform, we'll gain more leverage as we will see an average cycle time reduction of 20 days as much as 50 days on the high side. This will increase the sales pace from two sales per month in those converted communities to a pace of 3.5 to 4 sales per month. The synergies of this combination will lower direct construction costs, reduce cycle times, leverage SG&A and increase sales base, all of which will deliver greater profitability and internal rate of return on invested capital. Based on where we are in the integration process and the plans are in place for execution, we're confident in our ability to deliver the cost synergies discussed in our S-4 filing for 2018 and 2019. I'd now like to turn it back over to Stuart for some comments on this.
Jonathan Jaffe: Steve, it's Jon. The bulk of that cost increase is really lumber increases that had taken place earlier in the year but were flowing through our cost of sales. So lumber, both labor and materials associated with framing, were up -- made up 32% of that 8% increase year-over-year. Lumber by itself was up 12% from June to September. Since then, lumber has moderated, and we don't expect to see that increase continue, but that's the major driver behind that. And of course, it will flow into margins as well as higher land basis, and particularly in some of our markets like in Inland Empire and Coastal California, so we do have that impact as well. Dynamic pricing, we're definitely seeing evidence that, that is, as we sell earlier in the process, that's driving our incentives down, which is helping attribute to a positive impact on our margins.
Jonathan Jaffe: Well, from a prioritization standpoint, it's going to be on the materials side. We’re first going to attack national contracts. Labor, because of the labor shortage that exists out there, it's definitely high up on the priority, but it's going to take a little bit longer to get the trades converted over to the greater volume and in which trades have the ability to expand into that. But as you look at the actual math behind it, it's probably split pretty evenly between the two categories.
Jonathan Jaffe: And I would just add that, as always, it's going to be a community by community, submarket by submarket analysis of what produces the best returns, both margin and IRR.
Jonathan Jaffe: Sure. And we know this from the markets where we already have these dominant positions. As you said, Ivy, first and foremost is access to the land market where we have a priority position there. Equally important is we have a priority position relative to the labor supply. As you know from past conference calls, we have a very strong focus at Lennar, becoming the builder of choice for the trade partners, and we've already seen tremendous progress just based on Lennar's volume. The additional volume added to that, that takes us to up that 125 million square feet, I think is going to give us tremendous opportunity to truly become the builder of choice for the trades because we'll able to put consistent productivity in front of them, which is critical for their labor force to keep their peace workers focused on the job, building the same plans over and over. That's going to be a huge benefit for us.
Jonathan Jaffe: And I would just add, too, because -- as we've talked a lot about on our calls, our focus relative to marketing, and really, the success we have had with social media and our online presence, that's going to be a tremendous leverage opportunity for this additional scale at almost no additional cost to be able to do the digital marketing effort that will bring in high-quality customers at even lower and lower costs.
Jonathan Jaffe: Ivy, it's a little bit longer on the time horizon just because it's -- we have [indiscernible] carefully. We definitely are deep into the process. But if you look at Florida, as an example, we're going to build 15,000 homes in the State of Florida. There's tremendous opportunity with that scale to have activity in Florida that's vertically integrated. We will determine what those values are, and that will really create the prioritization of what goes first, whether it's concrete block in Florida, whether it's truss plans in Texas. Those are things we definitely will get to, and work is underway. But it's really premature to talk at any more detail right now.
Jonathan Jaffe: And I'd just remind you, Ivy, we have Paul Dodge, heading up this whole effort. He's been on both sides of the equation. He's been on the supplier side as well as the builder side, so we have a good understanding of all aspects of what it'll take to accomplish this.
Jonathan Jaffe: I think the metric we look at as most impactful is the number of leads we get from that. That's people who actually ask for information. So versus hits, which is hard to tell what that leads to, but leads are people who are interested enough to ask for information. We are continuing to generate over 100,000 leads per quarter from our social marketing outreach program.
Jonathan Jaffe: Steve, it's Jon. I'd also add that as we look at the process of integration, we have prioritized land acquisition as the absolute top priority from the perspective of analytics, underwriting tools, approval process, so that we can could hit the ground running and not skip a beat in terms of giving our teams, our operational teams on the field, the clarity of how they will go about executing the acquisition game plan.
Jonathan Jaffe: So it starts with a game plan community by community that we'll look at. Rick was highlighting some of this in his comments to which communities it makes sense to lead as the existing CalAtlantic product and build through and finish them out in their design studio format. And then which communities does it make sense and when to transition over to Everything's Included product. Now to your question about how difficult that is, that Everything's Included project is already existing in the Lennar portfolio, right? It's not something we have to create. We know it, and we know in each market. Now remember, one of the strategic reasons we are really excited about this combination is its markets we know and its products we know. So we know the products. We also know the Everything's Included levels in those markets. We've done that research, and so that will be a consistent, somewhat seamless transition to just put the Lennar product and the EI package on an existing CalAtlantic community. So some will continue out as appropriate to finish out as CalAtlantic product, and then bulk of the transition you'll see in the second and third quarters when we switch over to EI product. It's my expectation that as we turn the corner into 2019, virtually 100% of our starts will be Everything's Included product or under the Village Builder or WCI brands.
Jonathan Jaffe: Not only that. It's Jon again, obviously. Those divisions -- all divisions are supported by regional presidents that know this product and market with obvious exception of one CalAtlantic regional president that's coming over. But he and all the other regional presidents will be supported by purchasing teams, national and regional, marketing teams, national and regional, that really know our Everything's Included platform inside and out.
Jonathan Jaffe: And just one more comment, addresses your question, but I think, really, all of these questions. We are already commencing what we call community operations reviews. So our management teams, the new combined management teams are going around every community, meeting with the sales team in that community, construction team, the customer care team, to understand exactly where that community is, really confirm the road map and make sure everyone is on the same page, everyone is rolling in the same direction.
Jonathan Jaffe: It's Jon. I'll take that. So like you said, the bulk of the increase even affecting the labor side is happening in the framing component. There's nothing unusual on that, I would say. Even relative to the hurricanes, there is trade hero there that have increased prices relative to that, I think gets pulled into the repair business. But by and large, it's just the continuing trend of the labor constraint against a improving homebuilding environment.
Jonathan Jaffe: And supporting that, supporting Stuart's comments on what we see in front of us, this is something that's not so obvious to everybody, and that is the people and the culture at Lennar. And what we have is a group of people that are really enthusiastic and excited about these challenges and opportunities in front of us that are welcoming and looking forward to the CalAtlantic associates joining their teams, and there is just overall enthusiasm about what we're taking on and the opportunities.
Stuart Miller: Great. Thanks, Jon. Thanks, Rick. So as you can hear from Rick and Jon, simply put, we are on it. We have broken down the critical elements of this integration, and we are executing exactly as you would expect from this team. As I've noted before, and we will demonstrate, continue to demonstrate as we go forward, we expect to bring these two companies together efficiently and effectively to build the best homebuilding platform in the industry and to drive savings and engaged innovation in the process. So with that, to give greater detail on our financials, let me turn over to Bruce and to David.
Stuart Miller: And you'll continue, Steve, to see incremental improvement as our dynamic pricing tool becomes more and more understood and adopted throughout the company.
Stuart Miller: I knew that would be the next question. We're going to sit, wait and watch and see exactly where it goes. It's with all of these initiatives. They are hard to predict. Their timing is even harder to predict. We've got 33 divisions, each implementing, and it's somewhat of a dance. So we're looking at incremental improvement quarter by quarter. And I just think that with each new initiative, we'll see how high it can take us or how low it can take us. And additionally, what new increments we can start to bring to the table with new improvements. So I think there's a lot of room for improvement from all of these initiatives.
Stuart Miller: So the focus -- yes, just to finish up, Ivy, the focus has been squarely on driving the greatest savings through our cost structure. We're starting with the lowest-hanging fruit. It's going to be in and around the material side of the business and national contracts. Probably, the next level down is in and around local labor. The consolidation and becoming the largest concentrated local builder is really important in terms of consolidating the attention of the labor force. And this is going to be a big benefit and a strong local focus. So to us, that's kind of the second tier of low-hanging fruit. As we get to a third tier, and Rick, Jon and myself have been looking strategically at how we think about some elements of vertical integration that can change the way that we look at the building industry as we develop this core scale in each local market. Rick highlights in Florida believes that building 15,000 homes, that's scale. That enables us to do and look at a lot of things that we haven't been able to look at before in an economical way, and these will be drivers of savings at a third tier as we go forward. When we talk about these various tiers, I hope you're getting the sense that the integration process and the focus is happening very quickly. The lowest-hanging fruit will be incorporated at the very beginnings of this combination. The second and third level will come quickly behind.
Stuart Miller: And let me just say parenthetically, from our viewpoint, the numbers that we're producing are impressive. We view ourselves as being in the very first inning of digital marketing and what we can do with it. So we are very focused on getting better and better at targeting and engagement. And we think that we can create a great digital conveyor belt of customers that are interested in our products. So there's more to come in this arena.
Stuart Miller: And then let me just add as an overview here, Steve. I don't want you to think of Jon and Rick's primer or overview on integration as a group of initiatives. These are action plans. And the action plans have been constructed. They are being put in place. And I think that not skipping a beat is our primary focus right now. As it relates to land, there are land plans and land expectations being consolidated and put together at each divisional level. And it's as a primary focus as to exactly how many dollars we're going to be spending over the course of each next year in order to maintain the trajectory that's expected. We'll give better ideas of consolidated numbers after we close the transaction. Hopefully, we've been able to convey to you that the we're not waiting to close to come up with a plan. The plan is going to be well in place to be enacted the day we combine. And one last point, and that is, we're benefiting from just tremendous cooperation and professionalism from Scott, Larry and Pete. They are sourcing these opportunities. They're bringing them to our attention. They're out there actively looking to help the pro forma company to grow, and we couldn't thank those guys enough for their leadership throughout this whole process.
Stuart Miller: And look, as just as a follow-up, Everything's Included is not -- it's not an easy thing to just adapt or adapt to or adopt. We've seen a number of builders try to copy what we do. It's a process. It's a process on the sale side. It's a process on the production side. There are learned behaviors. They will be implemented and learned over time. Everything's Included is an attractive program. It's a marketing and production program. It's attractive because it really has big benefits on the production side. It will take some time. It will take some learning, but we're very confident that the implementation will be orderly.
Stuart Miller: Yes. And let me say, as it relates to the spring, Steve, I think that the single most important thing is at each community level that there'd be certainty, okay? The communities are already purchased. The product is pretty much in place. We're not going to cloud the spring selling season with a lot of uncertainty. The mapping of the exactly what each community is going to be doing is already being set out. As we enter the spring selling season, there will be certainty at each community level, and we'll be prepared for the spring, if that's the question.
Stuart Miller: I think that the way we're configured, we have our eyes squarely focused on our business. And we're not all that focused on the competitive response. As you come around the halls of Lennar, you will see that we are very independently focused on how we're configuring our company for the future. It's not just this combination and the seamless execution that we expect of ourselves. It's not just preparing for a spring selling season, making sure that there's certainty at the division and at the community level with product in place and ready for the spring selling season. It's also about the number of initiatives that we have on track concurrently, even while we are integrating, focusing on our digital marketing strategy, enhancing beyond 100,000 leads per quarter to something much greater than that. It's about a dynamic pricing tool that is going through implementation at just Lennar divisions and ultimately, combined divisions that will redefine the way that our business operates, driving SG&A lower and profitability higher. We are thinking way outside the competitive landscape box to think about how we can -- I've said it over and over again, how we can build a better mousetrap. And so the competitive response from the rest of the market is of less consequence to us than how we can vertically build a better program that is something that the homebuilding world hasn't yet seen. And we think that the key to the kingdom for us is, in large part, this local concentration and scale, the ability to build that concentration and to rebuild both production lines, sales approaches, marketing approaches and internal operations to build a better program for homebuilding going forward. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it from 10,000 feet.
Stuart Miller: All right. So listen, in conclusion, I just want to thank everyone for joining us. I think that you can see that we've been very focused on integration, focused on our business, and we'll continue to be that way. I do want to say, as a parting comment on this call, that the efforts that we've articulated have been efforts around both companies. And the tireless work of Scott and Larry and Pete, especially Jeff McCall, who we haven't even mentioned yet, and the many, many associates at CalAtlantic that we look forward to getting to know better and work with, it's just been a very impressive and -- partnership to build the business platform as we go forward. We're really enthusiastic about this combination. We're enthusiastic about what it does for us in the short term and where it can take this company in the long term. And as Scott Stowell joins our Board of Directors and as we begin moving forward, we're very enthusiastic about the business, and I think that's come through on this call. So thank you for joining us. We look forward to giving you future updates as we close this combination on February 12, as we continue to integrate and ultimately, as we report quarterly progress going forward. Thank you.
Richard Beckwitt: Steve, it's Rick. We were just being conservative as we were announcing the transaction to The Street. We're also very focused on other folks that might have an interest in doing the transaction, and we wanted to put on the table to our shareholders what we knew we could accomplish. And then since the -- we had more detailed analysis, we knew there was upside.
Richard Beckwitt: So we did highlight that sales incentives have come down 50 basis points year-over-year, and that was driven by the Western region that was a little bit ahead in using the dynamic pricing tool.
Richard Beckwitt: So in the go-forward deals, certainly, things that are platted or what have you, we have great flexibility in product selection. We got, in the Lennar world, move-up product. We have that in Village Builder brand and in our WCI brand. And there may be some CalAtlantic product that we ultimately convert to EI. So we have got great flexibility to do any at all. We, Jon and I, have spent a lot of time looking at individual deals, figuring out which ones we think we should increase velocity and put some lower priced product in there. So you'll see us do all of the above.
Richard Beckwitt: And one last thing, Ivy, it's people. When you have the biggest, best operating machine, especially on the sales side of the equation, people want to come and sell homes in that operation. So we attract great new home consultants in the organization.
Richard Beckwitt: I think what you'll see, Ivy, is we'll probably do some sort of mutual arrangement with someone to get in. And then as we understand the dynamics and the pricing of the business and flow-through, you'll start to see us do something on a stand-alone basis.
Richard Beckwitt: So Steve, I'm not really prepared to give you a dollar amount yet because we're going through that now. But I can tell you that our entire organization from a division president, regional president, land acquisition teams are totally coordinated on the opportunities to drive growth. What makes deals successful, as Stuart has highlighted in the past, is, number one, integrating the operations and become a one company; number two, going after that low-hanging fruit; and number three, keeping machines going and growing. And when deals pause and stall out is because they're not focused on all of those aspects of the business. So as I highlighted in my commentary, we've gone heavy in purchasing personnel and heavy in land acquisition personnel and development personnel because that's the future of the company. Jon and I are reviewing the significant deals. Our regional presidents and division presidents are isolating those transactions, maximizing absorptions and pace and looking at value enhancement in each one of these deals.
Richard Beckwitt: And Steve, one final point. It's -- I think it's important for you to realize that we really only have two markets in this whole operational -- operation combined that have never done EI. That's Salt Lake City and it's Indianapolis. In all of the other markets across the nation, we've got personnel that know how to do this, know how to design it, know how to build it, know how to source it, know how to purchase it. So this is not a new thing.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes. So Steve, I think that really gets to the importance of this master construction agreement that we signed with CalAtlantic. We have 42 communities across the country already permitted and starting homes right now that's Lennar brand. This has never been done in the [indiscernible].
Stephen Kim: Hopefully you can hear me well. I'm also at the Builders' Show. You've laid out some pretty impressive initiatives that you had been taking to try to get ahead of the integration. I guess, I was curious as to whether any of that has spread over into the land side of the equation. And if you could talk a little bit about what you envision for land spend for a larger organization, given some of the overlapping in existing markets that you will have. So just if you could comment on what you expect from the land spend side in terms of expectations, different from maybe Lennar stand alone.
Stephen Kim: Great. No, that's very helpful. And it kind of gets -- as sort of as a segue to my next question, which is looking a little bit more at the construction in progress side of the equation. So I guess, first, kind of a two-part question, the conversion to you, Everything's Included, this is something you've done before, actually. And was curious if you could share with us how long do you think it takes as to sort of make a conversion from design studio to Everything's Included? Is there a learning curve, for example, with trades or with your supervisory staff? Are there sourcing contracts that have to expire first, which need to be integrated into Everything's Included? Those sorts of details, if you could just give us a sense for how long the conversion to EI takes. And then sort of a second question kind of embedded is I know there's a lot of concern on the part of industry, do you largely believe that you will be able to integrate CalAtlantic effectively? Just being a little concerned about the timing, the year, the time of year, the spring selling season, where you really need to get all your ducks lined up in a row. You've shared a lot, which gives us some comfort that you're not going to be caught off guard there. But just so if you could put maybe just specifically address anything that you're doing, recognizing that this is a super important time of the year to be going to market and going out with a bit of a unified strategy.
Stephen Kim: Just is there anything particular that you are doing or are planning to become that reflects just some of the challenges of entering the spring selling season as opposed to, let's say, doing this at a later time in the year? Maybe where the industry isn't quite so much gearing up with generally a much more aggressive posture? I was just curious if there's anything about the spring that affects the way you go and approach the integration.
