Rick Beckwitt: Hi, Steve, it's Rick. I will answer this. On the gross margin comparison year-over-year, we sort of hinted to about 4% decline year-over-year going from 25% to about 24%. Typical with the year, you will see some normal sequential improvements throughout the year, starting low, ending up higher. And probably the peak to trough won't be as dramatic. With regard to the mothballed communities, this has been something that we have been doing all, you know, over the last couple of years, evaluating when they are right to bring back on and this is just a continuation of our asset monetization program. They are really spread across the country. Not anything really dominated in one particular area. We would look at 2015 probably in an order of magnitude about 10% of our deliveries will come from things that were taken out of that mothballed bucket and the margin differential is 200 basis points, 300 basis points, plus or minus, between what the average margin is for the company and those communities.
Rick Beckwitt: Hi, Steve, it's Rick. We have articulated for quite a while now that as that entry-level market comes back, we are going to be an increasing participant in that market and we plan accordingly. Most of that activity is really geared towards Texas and parts of Florida for the most part, although our other markets are participants in that activity. With regard to the margin on that, the margin for us on our entry level product is lower margin, but that doesn't mean that from a pretax and operating basis, that the margins are significantly different. It's just a different business model. With regard to the legacy assets, the mothballed assets, about 10% of our deliveries for 2015 will come from those communities. They carry lower margins, but on blend, we are pretty positive about our 24% margin for the year. It's a good, healthy margin and it could produce good bottomline profits for the company.
Rick Beckwitt: And I guess, just one comment on the Texas market since it's been brought up a number of time. The overall economy in Texas is very strong. You know, if you look at as, just going back to Stuart's opening remarks, job growth across the state has been incredibly strong, inventories are in the neighborhood of maybe one to two months of finished home supply. On the new side, resale inventory is extremely well as well and you have just outside of Houston, just very strong economies, with excellent job growth. Houston, in particular, as Stuart said, we haven't really been too much of change in Houston yet. But we were smart enough to know that if oil prices continue to be depressed, that there will be some negative reaction in the market. It generally happens that it is price point focused and one of the things that we have been focused on is making sure that we are a participant in all of the price points in Houston market in order to insulate ourselves to as much as possible with the changes in the market demands. And we are well-positioned that we are smart enough to know that as oil moves down, there maybe some job loss, primarily more on higher end and it could impact pricing and that's why we have given guidance to a little bit lower margin in Houston.
Jon Jaffe: Hi, Steve, it's Jon. So just to clarify that the 10% out of mothballed communities is communities opened in 2014 and what will open in 2015. So that represent that whole universe. And relative to timing of the margin in your question, as you know, our first quarter is always our lightest quarter for deliveries. So we have field expense impacting the margins there. So it's really not back-end loaded in terms of decline. I think you will see pretty consistent throughout the year, the differential that Bruce spoke about.
Jon Jaffe: Yes, Steve, it's Jon Jaffe. We saw a healthy sales pace in the fourth quarter, above the company average. Inland Empire, which you know, there are some questions about -- we saw a pace of about four sales per community per month. I think we have some very well located communities due to our land position that we acquired earlier. We have got some very strongly performing master-planned communities. In the Bay Area, we are very well-positioned. We saw good activity through the Central Valley. So we really didn't see much movement in incentives to drive that sales pace a little bit, but I think because of the product and the locations of our communities, performance is remaining strong.
Jon Jaffe: I might add one thing on this. Part of the pivot is managing the length of the deal and how long we are in individual communities. And as we have bought various communities over the past, in the downturn some of these communities were very sizable that had multi-multi-year runs in order for us to build through them. So as we are managing the cycle and this pivot, it's a changing focus on the length of how long we want to be in some of these communities, given the fact that the market might change and we want to have a shorter-term of exposure.
Stuart Miller: Okay. So let me take that, Steve and just say that pretty much across the board, we are seeing intensified competition as builders do go out and chase volume. It's been somewhat of a complex market where a lot of factors are impacting sales across the board. You mentioned, of course, Houston, where there are more questions than answers right now from the field. Houston, of course, is at least in part, as an economy dependent on the oil complex and the oil complex is going through a reconciliation. We haven't seen a significant change in that market condition. We are seeing a little bit at the higher end of a pullback but we have anticipated in our internal projections that there will be further reconciliation in that marketplace. It's in part one of the reasons for some of the pullback in our anticipated margins. Houston is an important market to us. California, we have seen less impact so far. We continue to see pretty strong buying patterns in California. I know that there are questions about the currency changes and what that will mean for some of the foreign buyers there, but we haven't seen much of a pullback there. I know that there been other reports. So you know, across the landscape there a lot of factors that are moving markets and changing the landscape and it certainly has intensified the competitive landscape for all builders.
Stuart Miller: Well, some of them have been articulated and not quite implemented. I wouldn't overemphasize my enthusiasm for the specific changes. I think it's the beginning of a process. And I think that the fact that we are hearing this articulation at this point is suggestive of the fact that people are starting to understand that perhaps we have overcorrected and perhaps it's detrimental to the overall economy and to the landscape of the population and that we have got to start getting and reverting to normal. I think the reversion to normal will unlock a lot of pent-up demand. It's going to take some time and it's why I say on the horizon, I see the best times for the homebuilding operation. But do I see a correction that takes place that alters the landscape in the next quarter, I think no. It's more part of the process. But I am fairly optimistic that politically, as a country, we are going to get to understand that capital is going to define or access to capital is going to define what builds the middle class and some of that revolves around housing and I think that people are going to be recommitted to building a for-sale housing market. That's going to work very well for us and other builders.
Stuart Miller: We have been talking about this for about the last year-and-a-half and it's been very much part of management's focus. We have been gently pivoting away from a land-heavy strategy towards a land-lighter strategy and it is with the focus of becoming cash flow positive. We do think as we get the end of this year, we do start to turn to cash flow positive with a healthier turn, even more in 2016. We are very focused on our return on invested capital. We think that the first move with our additional cash flow will be in the form of debt reduction and focusing on our balance sheet, but ultimately we will be considering where access cash flow comes from. Remember that it's not just the homebuilding business that should be cash flow generative, ultimately our ancillary businesses also start to contribute and we think we are going to have some important decisions to make as we get into future years.
Stuart Miller: It is and we are doing very well with sales at Hunters Point. But just remember, we had a lot of front-end development costs that are also running through that line in addition to the closings of the first deliveries at Hunters Point, so will see more contribution as we get into 2016.
Stuart Miller: Look, I think that we still have an advantage in land in that would have land positions that carry-forward. That's enabled us to kind of fish in a different pond and use our land expertise to continue to build price advantaged land positions that's held us in good stead. We think, as historically, we will continue to outperform relative to gross margin there. Gross margins were down to moderate at some point and it shouldn't catch anyone off-guard that they will and should be some moderation in gross margin as we become more of a retail purchaser of land. But I think a normalized operating program of buying land and becoming more of a manufacturing model as markets mature as there is less distressed opportunity out there is exactly what Lennar is focused on, making sure that we are carefully balancing buying good land positions in the right locations, operating an excellent manufacturing model on the homebuilding side and really focusing on our balance sheet in the generation of cash and return on invested capital.
Stuart Miller: Look, as I noted in my opening comments, I think that the downside, even in a market like Houston, the downside is kind of defined by a change in the employment structure of the market where you start to see the oil complex really shed some jobs and that affects confidence and home sales, but I think that there are some countercurrent kind of considerations. While the oil complex moves down, gas prices come down and Houston is a more diversified platform than it has been in prior oil downturns. So we are not looking, we are not expecting a very sizable downturn, but I think that the way that we have configured our company and we have focused on purchasing assets, the locations that we have focused on as we have gone through, even in a downturn scenario, are the locations that hold up the best, that continue to perform the best in the market and we think that any downturn ends up being fairly shallow and we move forward. So from a lessons learned perspective, we have clearly not gone out to the B-, C locations. We have not gotten out over our skis, We have already been tapering back on the land supply, the tail of land supply. And I think that we are really well-positioned to be able to just kind of, in an orderly fashion, work through inventories even in a fairly aggressive downturn scenario and be positioned with strong cash.
Stuart Miller: Not really. And I think that you have got to look at the landscape as relative to many of the articulations as multidimensional. One lever is probably not going to move the needle. I think that we have to properly regard the fact that the regulatory landscape has really discouraged mortgage lending. There is more than just underwriting criteria and downpayments at stake here. We have got to get people back in the game of making mortgages to people that really need the money as opposed to making mortgages to the people who are so far qualified that we never have to, but the only mortgage that we are to make is to Warren Buffett, we are certainly not going to have any defaults, but we are not going to make a lot of mortgages. We would better be able to bring the risk profile back to a normalized setting. And it is in large part, the regulatory environment that is defining some of that. I think that the discourse, the commentary that's been coming out of HUD and FHFA is positive and constructive. People recognizing that perhaps we have put too strong of a lid on this mortgage business and if you listen to the commentary coming out of the banks, there still isn't a lot of appetite for land. So we haven't seen a lot of movement yet in the fields from these articulation, but they are promising in terms of important people starting to understand how the landscape has to migrate in order to really bring the buyer back to the market.
Stuart Miller: Well, land spend will move around a little bit as we go through the next couple of years. It's a little bit hard to peg down. What I am articulating is a focus of the management team to shorten the tail on some of the lands that we are purchasing and really looking at the risk profile as we go forward. That doesn't necessarily need a curtailment of community count expansion. It might be a moderation of the rate of growth that you see in community count. I think we have articulated about an 8% growth year-over-year as we look ahead. But I think you kind of look at that kind of pace as we go forward as well. But it's more of the tail, the duration of land that we are purchasing rather than the number of communities. So we expect to continue to grow at a healthy pace as we go forward. And over time, where did I think of things for this management team is when we focus we succeed. The articulation internally for our group is , hey, let's bring the tail down, let's bring the risk profile down, let's continue to grow our business, but let's not get out over our skis as the market matures, as land pricing matures and let's continue to grow the business as the market permits.
Stuart Miller: Okay. So, a piece of your question cut out on us, but I think your question is where are we looking to grow the most? And the answer to that question is, almost a quarter-by-quarter evaluation on a market-by-market basis. And it's what we probably do the best. It's all about allocating capital to where that capital is performing the best, based on the reading that we are getting from the field from the traffic that's coming in. The market that is healing and that is moving forward well is going to get more capital allocated to it. The market where we see patterns of pullbacks, patterns of change in the markets in the negative, we are going to be investing less capital. So right now we are kind of, if you think about the things that we have already talked about, we are kind of in a wait-and-see mode relative to Houston. We want to see a little bit more evidence of well, how the market is going to present itself and so we are probably investing less capital there. We have excellent positioned to build on in the meantime. There are other markets like the Bay Area that we continue to have a strong view about and we are probably investing more capital there. But it is a regular assessment that we put in place through our top management team communicating with the divisions based on the patterns that we are seeing in the field.
Stuart Miller: Everything's Included has continued to be a Lennar marketing avenue that is a differentiator. Well, we haven't gotten an Everything's Included question in a long time. But we still think that sets us apart from the market in a positive and constructive way. I always think that plagiarism is the best form of flattery and when we see other builders jumping on that kind of program, which is what we have started to see. We know that it's something that attracts a lot of attention and sets us apart in a very positive way. Our Everything's Included program is something that we focus on a lot. We think that we can be a lot more efficient and effective in harvesting cost reductions as we deliver greater quality and a broader product offering. There certainly is segment of the market that wants to customize. We are not the builder for that segment of the market, but we do offer an extraordinary value with our Everything's Included program and that value is what has driven our sales as well it has. Even with that said, our Everything's Included program as we have grown it over time, does enable some personalization, so we broaden our offering to a solid range of the market and certainly enables us to capture more than our share of the business.
Stuart Miller: Look, Rialto has really taken on a mature positioned within the company. Rialto is the ultimate asset light model today. We have not been investing primary capital in deals in any significant way through Rialto. We have invested and will continue to invest in the funds that we create and participate as a limited partner in those fund even as we act as the general partner as well. But those private capital funds are the primary source of investment for Rialto and really mark the future for the company. So the Rialto strategy has more in the direction that we wanted it to over the past years and Rialto is positioned to carry forward with very limited need for capital. So we expect that that capital will be returned to the parent company and will be part of the cash flow that we have talked about earlier.
Stuart Miller: You bet. So thank you everyone for joining us. We look forward to moving forward and reporting on our progress through 2015. Thank you.
Bruce Gross: For the guidance, Mike, this is Bruce, was around 24% as the average for the whole year. The first quarter tends to be lower because we have less volume and we have more field costs, which runs through gross margins. So that brings the number down. So it affects the first quarter to be below the 24% average for the year and then for the rest of the year the number should be closer to the average and maybe a little bit higher at the end of the year.
Bruce Gross: Mike, I think it's always been our objective to call them like we see them, to be straight and to give the best estimate of what we are seeing out ahead of ourselves. And so as it relates to Houston, it's not an exact science. The market has not yet quite revealed itself. But there are other crosscurrents that are defining lot of questions that exists in the marketplace. And of course, we have injected appropriate conservatism in our thinking. So to get down and to get too granular, I think that we are making educated guesses in each of our markets about where the market is potentially trending. We can think across a broad landscape. We think about the California markets and some of the foreign purchasing that has come in those markets as potentially something that has to be considered and factored into our equation. Likewise in South Florida, we have a pretty robust foreign investment group and those markets all have more questions than answers right now and the estimates are somewhat imperfect. What we have done with each of our divisions as we have gone through and had done at a very local level, think about the impacts of not just the day-to-day traffic coming in, but the potential impacts of macroeconomic factors that, as I noted in my opening, are choppy and sometimes confusing in evaluating the market. So I am not sure that we can get particularly granular. It really is a market-by-market and community-by-community assessment that is kind of rolled up. But what we have tried to do is inject appropriate conservatism in thinking about 2015 and the competitive pressures that exists in the marketplace as we put together our planning for the year ahead.
Bruce Gross: Incentives is always an interesting question. It really is just a part of purchase price. And as we have noted, it's part of a community-by-community evaluation, very micro level. Incentives in some markets are running a lot higher. In other markets, they are very low. Even within markets, there are some communities that have much higher incentives associated with them or purchase price alterations associated with them. We are very focused on looking at a community level, figuring out where the sales pace has slowed to a point where we are no longer properly leveraging overheads, think about where we add incentives to bring that sales pace up so that we maximize profitability out of the community. So is it concentrated in an area? No. It's a broad-based assessment that you really can't put your finger on and delineate for the market. But it rolls up to what you are seeing here.
Bruce Gross: So, for this quarter, it represented the last two-and-a-half years worth of taxable income calculation. So it will be recurring but at a significantly lower amount as you look at next year. It's going to continue through next year as well.
