Jon Jaffe: Sure. The efficient delivery of the homes that Stuart is describing is really enabled by providing our division the data so that they can pull the right levers at the right time to match sales pace with construction pace and as Stuart mentioned the low inventory levels. Last quarter we were down to 1.25 homes per community on average of completed homes that were unsold. I don’t have the data as to whether that’s a record low but I don’t personally remember ever being that low. And by orderly selling the homes through the construction process, having a buyer who’s mortgage approved, ready to close as the home is completed really enables us to reduce the incentives both helping ASP and margins. I’d also want to note that we’ve talked for several years about the impact of our next gen platform and there our sales are up 41% year-over-year and now represents just about 6% of our company’s total sales. That’s also a high mark for next gen sales. And the ASP of next gen is almost 490,000 compared to the company averaging 375,000. So it’s a number of initiatives that I think cumulatively are giving us the results that we speak to.
Jon Jaffe: Bottom line, pace and price are really connected and we’re using technologies to refine our processes and it’s impacting in a number of efficiencies; on the cost side, on the incentive side, on the ASP side dropping down the gross margin and a few basis points at a time, we’re making some real progress.
Jon Jaffe: But one more point of clarity on that. As they fix power to existing areas, much of that is done on a temporary basis to get power up immediately. And so the next course of action for the power company is to come back and permanently fix that. So if there’s a temporary pole put in, they have to come back and put a permanent. All of that takes priority over new home processes.
Jon Jaffe: I do think though that as each initiative goes through that process that Stuart described of testing and ultimately into implementation which is as rigorous as he described, it gets easier and easier as time goes on, as people understand the benefits of these technologies, the change in management aspect of that is easier to address and to incorporate the 2.0 version and 3.0 version. So I think that whether it’s first mover or not, it’s sooner you get started the sooner you’re going to get to better and better execution of new technologies.
Jon Jaffe: And that’s the pattern we’ve seen in prior storms on your question about experiences. It’s sort of fundamentally a reallocation of capital from insurance companies to local economies that drive those local economies trading, as Rick said wage growth, job growth and demand for housing. That combined with a shortage from homes temporarily taken out of the market generally bode well for a mid-term housing market recovery.
Rick Beckwitt: So that’s all the good stuff. They left me with the cost side of the equation. And on the cost side of the equation we’re doing our best to hold our trades accountable for the type of cost pricing that we’re looking for. Clearly in this environment where you have people chasing the storm aftermath, there’s some trades and some areas of the business that are tight and where people are going after the easy insurance money. Those are typically in the roofing, the drywall, the siding and depending on the market. That said, we constantly are adjusting sales pace with sales price and the real tricky thing for us at this point is whether we want to really push the trade and pay them more than what the job should really justify in order to accelerate the home or do we take a little bit longer to deliver that home. All of this will work itself out in the next three to six months.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, you really stack a bunch of questions into one. With regard to Houston and to Florida, let me just address that right now starting with Houston. The Houston market is slowly recovering. All of our communities are open and doing business today. From a trade standpoint, it’s consistent with what I said. Trades are tight in the roofing area, the drywall area as you’d expect because there was a lot of damage associated with the interior of the homes. Folks are – those trades are really chasing that insurance business and it’s slowly getting better. From a power standpoint, we’re really not having any power connection issues in the Texas markets. So that’s a good thing. On the sales side of the market, we’re having good traffic, good solid traffic where people want to buy. The issue is a lot of those folks need to sell a home that’s damaged and they haven’t received the insurance proceeds yet. And as a result it’s going to take a little bit of time for them to get those homes repaired in order for them to buy something and people want to move into areas and communities that haven’t been impacted by this type of weather damage.
Rick Beckwitt: Right. Of course we are. So that really covers Houston. Florida is sort of a mixture between north and south. In southern Florida, we still do not have the ability to get power connections. And as a result of that, that’s slowing down the business. That will catch its way up. We have not had the ability to press the power companies because quite frankly they need to address other concerns before they do the new home market. We are doing some things that I think are unique. We’re running some conduit between curb and the home in order to accelerate the connection. So when the power companies come out there to do the connects, we should bring things on pretty fast.
Rick Beckwitt: Then as you move up to central Florida, we’re seeing that recovering faster. Tampa, Orlando, Jacksonville are way ahead of where southeast and southwest Florida are. And then you asked about the pace and cadence in gross margin I believe going into next year, which we have [indiscernible].
Rick Beckwitt: It’s Rick. Why don’t I take a stab at it and then Stuart and Jon can chime in. There’s several aspects of this that are just different pieces. One is just the overall new capital investment as you’re rebuilding various markets. There’s going to be tremendous capital invested in infrastructure that’s going to create new jobs, that’s going to create wage growth, that’s going to allow people to just have more spend as they’re looking at buying homes just in general. The second aspect of it is as you look at where the storms hit, particularly in Houston – let’s just focus on Houston right now. There’s going to be parts of the market where FEMA will shut down and will not allow homes to be built in those areas. As a result of that for folks like us to have a lot of land in other parts of the market, more the upland areas, that’s going to create over time just long-term fundamental demand. The other aspect of it and I put this sort of in both markets, the Florida markets and the Houston markets, as you look at what happened with regard to the storms, the newer homes, the newer production, the newer construction faired so much better than the used home market, the existing market. As a result of that you’re seeing a continued shift of people saying, I’d rather live in something that’s going to weather the storm than be impacted by the storm again and again. So those are just a few aspects of the opportunities that exist out there that creates that longer term fundamental demand in the aftermath of these storms.
Stuart Miller: Not just buy something. Some of them are under contract and were moving towards a closing and the storm now means they’ve got to fix something or get their home ready so that they can sell it and ultimately close on their home. And of course we’re cutting them some slack in this area.
Stuart Miller: Let me just interrupt there and say what might be a little counterintuitive to the investor group is the power companies; it would seem that after the power is back on, everything normalizes. But the power companies actually have a pretty comprehensive intercompany agreement to go to where the problems are. So even a problem like the power in Puerto Rico brings some of the manpower from the power companies locally to other areas and impairs their ability to get back up running here in south Florida. So you’re going to continue to see some disruption until many of these storm affected areas are really up running and stabilized.
Stuart Miller: Look, first of all, Ivy, in the immediate past I think that we’ve had an unusually large overhang on our stock as it relates to pending storm activity. And I think that’s been the case now for some time. I can’t even tell you how long. But aside from that if you look at our strategy and you look at the way that our company is performing, we’ve been very focused on a growth strategy that targets 7% to 10% rate. But with WCI that’s been trending a little bit higher. We are very focused on cash flow and using cash flow to both pay down debt and ultimately look at stock buyback. But stock buyback comes in a number of different forms. Remember that we had initially targeted WCI to be a 50-50 stock in cash transaction. It ended up being an all cash transaction which was in effect a large stock buyback. It’s fully integrated. It’s well executed. And we’re becoming a real cash flow program and machine which affords us the ability to target transactions to use cash in a variety of ways. And we’re fully confident that as we move forward, our strategies are going to reflect on our returns on equity and on capital perhaps more importantly in very positive and constructive ways. We’ve mapped out our strategy for the Street to consider. The execution has been flowing in course. And I think that over time remembering that we are less focused on quarter-to-quarter or month-to-month stock performance and more concerned and focused on adherence to a strategy that is designed to maximize return on equity, return on capital over a longer period of time, we’re fully confident that our stock performance will continue to be excellent over the long term.
Stuart Miller: Yes, so both – as you mentioned, FivePoint we’re there. With regard to multifamily and Rialto we still have I believe a couple of years of maturity and execution to really prepare them for a spin. And I for one simply don’t want to sell cheap. I’m about maximizing shareholder value over longer periods of time. And I think both of these engines, both of these machines have the ability to be best-in-class executions and will afford our shareholders strong values as they mature. LMC is progressing exactly – not exactly, even better than we ever anticipated. If you look at the composition of our apartment communities, the distribution between the merchant build and the build-to-core programs that we have in place, we just have an excellent program of execution ahead over the next couple of years that will define an extraordinary value for that compendium of assets. As it relates to Rialto, we’ve had some bumps in the road which we’ve articulated over time. We still need another couple of quarters to clear those bumps and to start striving forward and we have every confidence that we’ll be able to do that also. But if you look at Rialto as a private equity asset manager and investment manager, if you look at Rialto’s RMF execution, those two isolated go-forward programs are best-in-class. They are blue chip and they will ultimately drive shareholder value. So I think we’re right on course and I think that we have the management patience to execute well over a longer time horizon. The stock market might fluctuate a little bit more on a short-term basis and we’re going to continue to execute our plan. I think the most important thing to focus on is the bandwidth that we have in this company to migrate turbulent waters, to execute our business strategy and to execute across a rather broad platform and I think we’re right on course.
Stuart Miller: Bruce is going to jump in and talk a little bit more about the margin effect, but before he gets to that let me just jump in on this notion of fade. I think it’s going to take some time to actually ferret some of this out. But overall long term, given the loss of residences in a generally constrained market to begin with, you’re more likely to see a supply shortage that as homes get repaired, there’s really very little fade in terms of value and pricing. As homes get repaired, the value comes back and I think that you’re going to see a shorter term negative turn into a longer term positive and that’s traditionally what we’ve seen in storm affected areas through many decades of having dealt with it. It takes a little bit of time for things to get back on their feet. And as we talked about the loss of or the postponement push of some closings from fourth quarter into 2018 and some directly related to homes to sell that have to repaired and ultimately brought on line, those homes will get repaired. They will be sold probably at the price that was expected with very little re-trade and I don’t think that that will be the impact to margin, if anything. It will probably come around and lift the ability to raise prices maybe with some offset from cost on the labor and material front. But, Bruce, go ahead.
Stuart Miller: So if you’ve ever been to a baseball game, you’re begging a baseball metaphor here. Have you ever noticed that people warm up before the game actually starts? That’s the inning that I think we’re in.
Stuart Miller: I think this is just getting started and there’s a big, big range of opportunity in the technology field to refine the homebuilding business that has only started – we’ve only started to prick the surface of some of these areas and we are really invigorated by it both myself, Jon, Rick and our whole management team are really focused on this. And I would encourage you at some point to – when you’re down here, Steve, to come visit and make sure that you see our innovation center which we’ve done on our third floor here. We are fully focused on thinking about how technologies can create efficiencies through our system in every part of our business and we think that there’s a long way to go. Your question of course is how much room is there to enhance SG&A or to bring SG&A down? And I can’t quantify that right now. But I think we’ve just started to figure out how to really build that better mousetrap that I keep talking about. Now your next question is to what extent is there a first-mover advantage? I’m not going to say a first-mover advantage because I believe that others can learn and jump on board. But it’s not about first-mover advantage. It’s about incorporating these technologies is hard, hard work. It’s hard work to learn and understand how they work and then to transport that knowledge out to multiple divisions in multiple geographies is a very complex management engagement and it’s something that we work on every day. So as you’ve watched the improvement of migrating from conventional to digital marketing, that seems like a kind of binary, oh, let’s just make a movement but it has come with a learning curve, a testing curve, a proven curve and then an implementation curve that is really difficult to overcome. So it’s not a first-mover advantage in a traditional sense. It’s the sooner you start, the more time you’ve put behind you in doing the hard work and the heavy lifting that it takes to actually implement these programs. So our work is not to run to get ahead of others, it’s to move hard, work hard every single day to implement and to garner that 1, 2 or 10 basis points per week, per month, per quarter of improvement that we’ve been articulating as we’ve gone through the past years.
Stuart Miller: But I don’t think somebody can come along and just pick up and copy what we’ve done and say, okay, now we’ve got the answer so we can get the answers right on the test. The implementation is the hard part.
Stuart Miller: The infusion of capital into these markets, even those that don’t seem to have been affected that much is a sharpening arm to people who are thinking about buying, moving up, trading and it just stimulates the economy in the long run.
Stuart Miller: I’ll explain the 50 basis points again. The reason for the 50 basis points was both for the 950 deliveries being pushed which took into account the fact that they were higher margin Florida deliveries that were being pushed. So the remaining deliveries on an average basis would have a lower gross margin percentage as well as the impact to losing some leverage in field expense. So that’s already embedded in the 50 basis points that I described.
Stuart Miller: We did have a range for the year, Mike. So we still are ending up with the range that we had for the year, the lower end of that range of the guidance that we gave previously.
Stuart Miller: I think that we don’t want to give kneejerk guidance. And the bottom line is in the middle of turmoil, it would be easy to try to give something and then not be able to live up to it. I think we’re going to have to let these markets settle a little bit. ASP is going to be affected. Incentives are going to be affected. Construction costs on labor are going to be affected. And we’re going to let the market settle a little bit before we give more guidance into 2018. But we feel pretty good about the business overall.
Stuart Miller: When you have a lot of water and wind come through a certain area, you got delays. There’s no question about that. And what we’re trying to do is manage our business as efficiently and effectively as we can. Jon and I tell the guys all the time, we don’t want a weather report; we’re looking for execution. So I’m not here to give you a weather report at this point in time, but there’s no question we will encounter some delays. That’s going to be with regard to getting some materials. Pipe is pretty tight right now. In addition to that there’s just been a slowdown on the overall inspections as both the municipalities are focused on other infrastructure things that are more compelling to get up and running.
Stuart Miller: Okay. With that, thanks everyone for joining us and we look forward to updating you with our fourth quarter conference call. Thank you.
Bruce Gross: In your first question, the 50 basis points that I highlighted, that’s purely the impact related to the fourth quarter by pushing out 950 deliveries and the impact with less volume that field expense is going to be higher per remaining unit. So that’s just the impact for Q4.
Bruce Gross: The mix of that’s about half and half between the margin mix and the additional cost that we don’t have, the ability to leverage that over more closings.
Bruce Gross: It’s so tough to make a prediction on where normalized margins are right now in the context of where the trade basis out there are like at the moment. And I think we’re going to have to see what happens with regard to them rebuilding themselves, where they’re focused on, what activities are out there and how the power side of the equation comes back to the market. It’s a little bit too soon to be commenting on that.
