Jon Jaffe: David, it's Jon. I think our view, as you heard is that we found -- building the market as we've made what we think of the approach, stroke adjustments to achieve a pace. It's really at a pace that I defined it in my discussion points really matches our start pace. And so it's a managed community by community, market by market sales pace that we think is very healthy as you look at it relative to the year-over-year and the current market environment.
Jon Jaffe: Additionally, one more important thought on that. And that is, as you know, we really have a very welcome inventory position, not a lot of unsold homes in front of us are current. So we're very disciplined about not getting too far ahead in sales. We could potentially open it up some more. But we find very effective use of mortgage rate buy-downs, which tend to lend to a shorter cycle duration in in terms of how far out we're selling.
Jon Jaffe: Alan, it's Jon. I think there's a connection of a point that sort of made and that is as interest rate rates went up, we pulled on the lever of mortgage rate buydowns to keep our customers who were in the queue moving forward with a purchase decision. That's, I think, part of why we didn't see an impact to our sales, while we're seeing an impact to our travel.
Jon Jaffe: Hey, Susan, it's Jon. Our dynamic pricing model really gives us a very clear view of the different elements that go into pricing home and associated incentives, mortgage buydowns, base pricing premiums, et cetera. So we've evolved that product through these market conditions. We've developed additional tools within dynamic pricing that give our operators that view of what's happening on a plan-by-plan community-by-community basis where they can track week over week changes in base pricing, incentives, et cetera, and stay very much on top of sales pace, what's needed and what is having the biggest impact on driving results.
Jon Jaffe: And it’s about the foundation that really enables our -- all to work is we have a set start pace and we're trying to land on a sales pace that ties into a matches that start pace. So we know where we want to land, and then enterprising helps us navigate to make sure that we land on the spot that we want to.
Jon Jaffe: Yes. So for Q2, as I mentioned, you're just seeing the very beginnings of that because there is a time lag that Stuart addressed a moment ago. We put something under contract today, it affects homes we start tomorrow, which delivered call it six months from now. So you have that timing cycle. You do have a likelihood that lumber does move up some. We are battling, for example, in aggregates and concrete as a headwind. There is a constant energy efficiency battle that goes on that affects our manufacturers. So it's give and take in that, and that's why I said we feel comfortable with what we have put under contract so far. But it's all about. And so you shouldn't do the math where you apply 100% of that because there will be offsets.
Jon Jaffe: Just for clarity, operationally, we're really staying very close to all land that is out there, so that as it does ebb and flow, we are in that flow, know what's going on and can make decisions quickly.
Stuart Miller: I think it's most important to recognize, Steve, that when you look at the overview the overall numbers, they might not match up perfectly with the fact that we are managing our business and managing each of these numbers from a community by community base -- community by community basis. And it's really a roll-up of exactly what's happening in the field in each community. And so you're going to see some anomalies in the numbers. Your question as to whether if demand is stronger, we're going to see that reflected in higher volume numbers or higher margins. And it's really the answer to that is really going to be about optimizing to both. We will, with greater demand see some greater volume but additionally, that greater demand will express itself through our dynamic pricing model and the ability to garner a higher sales price and margin.
Stuart Miller: I do think it's important to note that last night I finished writing my remarks and talked a bit about volatility in my remarks. Little did I know that this morning I’d wake up and see even increased volatility. I say that as an overlay to all of the discussion around numbers looking forward. Have to be looked at in the context of very strange and moving market conditions.
Stuart Miller: Well, the answer to your last question is every day. We're looking at pricing on an everyday basis in each community. It's a very granular assessment. To reconcile what I said about the end of February, at the end of February, interest rates started moving dramatically in a different direction, and we definitely saw direct impact in traffic levels. We were intrigued to sit, watch as we went from February into March that our sales pace remained relatively strong. There are a number of ways to read that information. But we -- a big part of our read is the fact that we have kind of entered into a world of a new normal relative to interest rates, the sticker shock of the rapid change is subsiding. It doesn't mean it's gone away. But at the same time, interest rate movements are not disrupting sales as they might have 6 months or nine months ago. And we are able to find and keep in touch in step with interest rate movements and that intersection between the discounting that we might have to do, the incentives we might have to get and the consumers' affordability assessment. So all of those are in play on a regular basis. And as we came to the end of February, we definitely saw an impact on traffic but not really much of an impact on sales. That's anomalous.
Stuart Miller: So Alan, your question is a really important one, and I don't think there's a clean clear answer to it. And I was very intentional in my comments, I use the words unintended consequences. There are so many of them just swirling around out there. And I'm not sure how they're going to shake out. You're absolutely right that the community banking and regional banking system is a support structure for the broader housing market, whether it's the smaller builders or all the way through the system. The SFR buyers are going to feel the ripple of not only cost of capital but also capitalization rates. There's going to be moving upward. There's going to be movement downward. And how it shakes out is going to be something that we'll be very tuned to. But the landscape is going to shift. Unintended consequences are not -- we're not going to be able to see around those corners. And I think we've seen that in many ways over just the past few days, the unexpected has happened, and we just had to think about how we deal with it, whether it's over the weekend or whether it's over last night. So it's important to daylight that there are these things out there that are going to have some ripple effects, and we'll all have to just sit and see how we deal with them. I hope that I laid out well in our commentary that our strategic focus is taking into account the volatility, the unexpected and recognizing that we're going to stay very close to the market on a community-by-community basis and use our dynamic pricing model digital marketing platform to keep the production machine moving, and that will impact both sales prices and margins.
Stuart Miller: All of the components of what's happening in the market is being ingested into our dynamic pricing model, and it is giving in graphic form our operators a clear view of what's happening in their market, backward-looking and forward expected. And it's really the ingestion of data, the backward testing and the ability to accumulate more information that is dependable that we -- where we build and understanding as to what it means that helps us come up with pricing that is actionable in the field on a market-by-market basis. And probably the most interesting thing that has taken place over the last six months is a better understanding of how to look at our underperforming assets, meaning the communities that are not performing up to par. It's easy to focus on the communities that are doing quite well and harder to focus on the ones that might be lagging and across a platform that's 1,300 communities coast-to-coast. It's important to zero-in on those that are underperforming and see what it takes to get them moving in the right direction. That's what our dynamic pricing model is all about.
Stuart Miller: So Susan, let me say emphatically that our primary focus is on organic growth. We are not really looking outside of strategic opportunities and being opportunistic in a kind of traditional sense. We are -- and I've said this many times before, we are focused on being a best-of-breed homebuilder, manufacturer with an asset-light program. We're going to be focused on generating cash, paying down debt, buying back stock, where opportunistically we can and should. And we're not really looking outside the boundaries. We think that the opportunity to continuously improve, as I said, continuous improvement is a serious motto around here. Continuously improved is the biggest opportunity that we have, and we are refining all of the levers of our company down to or up to the actual operators that run the business across the board, its continuous improvement internally focused and that opportunistic skill set that we clearly have is not our primary focus right now. The strength of our balance sheet is not enabling us to and our thinking. We're staying very focused on running our business and refining it. And that asset-light componentry continues to be right in the crosshairs of what we're focused on, how do we systematically build a land strategy that is complementary of a land light programming that enables us to execute well and to grow for the future.
Stuart Miller: Generally, we do. I do want to just correct one term and that is that term guidance. We've used the word boundaries. I know there's a subtle difference there, but we are trying to give some boundaries, but we do recognize that the world is working a little strangely these days. With that said, we do feel that our margins should be better in the back half of the year as some of our cost savings and work with our building partners kind of start to flow through. Remember, there's a lag and what we're able to engage with our building partners and what actually -- the timing of which is actually flows through our numbers. But we are anticipating that the second half should be a little bit stronger, assuming that conditions in the market don't radically move in a different direction.
Stuart Miller: So we've spent a lot of time thinking about this call. We think it's a very important metric for us. And I'm not prepared to make that prediction. What I want to say that it is very much at the center of our thinking, and there are some cross currents right now because of the reconciliation of supply chain disruption and some of the holdovers and the reconciliation of that supply chain disruption getting our cycle times back in line will be a factor in the answer to that question, and let's leave the answer to that in another day, but just understand that it's very much part of the focus of our management team.
Stuart Miller: I'll answer it in the negative and say not the conditions that we've seen unfold over the past couple of weeks. We are -- look, there's -- as I said last quarter, the markets are moving and the financial markets have created complication. Since that last quarterly call, I would say that the capital markets have become even a bit more complicated. This is just not the time for us to be taking Quarterra to the market. I think that we're going to wait and see and look for the right opportunity to do the next right thing for the company. And I want to leave that as an open item as well. I feel like I'm not answering your questions, Carl. It's not like me.
Stuart Miller: So Mike, before I let Jon comment, let me just say that you hit the nail on the head. I think that it's the general volatility that is sending up the caution flag that, yes, you're correct. We are working every day on expanding that number to a larger number, and it is not static. And if you just look at numbers, your assessment is correct. But with that said, we're leaving room for volatility to run its course. We recognize that even things within the cost numbers are moving around. Whether it's lumber costs moving down and then moving back up, whether it's other components. So the answer is yes, we're leaving some room for other elements of volatility to express themselves as well. Go ahead Jon.
Stuart Miller: Bottom line is a lot of moving parts in all of these, Mike. And the way it plays out over the quarter, especially in the near term. It's going the moving parts are all going to work together and we're going to roll it up. So you're seeing the injection of some rational conservatism to just make sure we're including the volatility in the market that is moving things all around.
Stuart Miller: Yes. Let me also say that capital markets are pretty fluid, especially around established products like the mortgage product. There more than the regional banks. Some of the insurance companies are starting to look at some of these spaces. And I think we have a high degree of confidence that we'll be able to fill any void that temporarily show up.
Stuart Miller: Look, at the end of the day, land value is a residual of what it can be used for. And the residual land value off of residential land is relative to the price or sales price of the home. What makes land value somewhat sticky is the expectation that perhaps home prices have come down, but they'll bounce back up. And therefore, the old residual might come back into play and landholders will sometimes wait. At the end of the day, we're finding that we're coming into a new sense of normal. And I have to believe that if landholders land owners want to generate cash and sell products. Ultimately, the valuation is going to have to revert to kind of that new normal of home pricing and the end use of the land, and there will be that rational relationship between land cost and ultimate home price. We are patiently waiting for that to reconcile and we're doing it because we're simply not going to buy the land that's going to put us under water or by the next impaired margin. And so we are going to but our time. If the market corrects to the upside, we'll pay a little bit more. But if it stays kind of situated where it is, quite sure that land sellers will come around to understanding that there is a new valuation that has to come into play.
Stuart Miller: So let me just say, and I guess, concluding along these lines is they say it takes a village. Well, in the homebuilding world, it's the homebuilder, the land seller and the building partners or the trade, all working together and recognizing the current pricing is going to define in the future. With that, I want to say thank you to everybody for joining us, and we look forward to reporting again in the future as we report future quarters. Thank you.
Rick Beckwitt: Steve, it's Rick. We have seen that our homes as they're getting close to completion or being completed that they get premium pricing. That's why we continued with our production strategy to keep homes coming off of the conveyor belt, if you will. And as I mentioned in my commentary, that's reflective of the lowering of incentives on a monthly basis, really on a weekly basis since for the last six, eight, 10 weeks, we've been able to lower the amount of the incentive. That's why we're keeping our start cadence going. And just going back to your sales pace question, the sales pace for the Q2 is really in the mid-4s. And if the market improves, we can definitely push that. But that's sort of the middle of the fairway type of projection.
Rick Beckwitt: And just a final comment I'd make is we did see stability going into the first two weeks of March, didn't see much variation in the aggregate number of sales in the first two weeks. Incentives ticked down and cancellation rates really stayed in that stable zone for the two weeks prior and really the month of February.
Rick Beckwitt: It also allows us to identify the ones that are performing well from a sales pace. But that need pricing adjustments to the upside because we're not maximizing the value of the opportunities.
Rick Beckwitt: I think consistent with that on the margin, the opportunities that might come on individual community-by-community basis is if things on a regional level with the smaller builders, smaller developers where they need capital, we can put that in one of our land vehicles.
Rick Beckwitt: So as I said in my comments, most of the price increase between Q4 and Q1 was really mix of product with some incentive reductions, that was the primary impact between Q4 and Q1. As far as the percentage of communities, I'm not sure we have that right now. That's the...
Rick Beckwitt: I think it's more of a Q3, Q4 type of benefit. But if you look at our guidance, we've pushed up to 21.5, which incorporates some of that improvement. And the thing you need to think about incentives is incentive is one part of the equation. The base price is another. And occasionally, we have to adjust base prices down because ultimately, we're really focused on net pricing. So we feel that we will get a benefit from the reduction in incentives and net pricing as we move through the year. So we're at the beginning stages of really stabilized markets and making the improvements as volume and traffic change.
Rick Beckwitt: And I think there's no doubt that the land market, the land sellers are seeing the permits and starts activity that Jon highlighted. I think some of them are getting a little bit nervous. They all think they had the last piece of land that can be acquired or developed. Jon, I have heard that comment for the last 20 years. There's always more than in the last piece of land. So we're being very careful or underwriting specifically to today's prices for respectable and strong margins. And if the deals make sense, we're going to structure them really well, and we'll move forward with them.
