Jeff Krasnoff: Good morning. It’s been a while since I have had an opportunity to participate in one of these conference calls. It’s great to be back and thank you Stuart and Rick for the invitation. On the Rialto side, we have now been at this now for over two years, building the team here inside and alongside Lennar. And our team contains a lot of familiar faces, a number of whom who were here a couple of decades ago, but we did something very similar. We have also had an opportunity to set our systems, levering off of Lennar’s infrastructure and it’s had an opportunity to get deep into the markets, thanks to the unique view that only Lennar’s operating team could provide. We have also focused on opportunities, patiently evaluating tens of billions of dollars of distressed real estate loans securities and properties. As expected for quite some time, owners of troubled assets could not afford to part with those assets at the prices appropriate for those who might be better equipped to maximize values. So, similar to what we have seen in prior real estate downturns of this magnitude, we expect of the US government to act as a catalyst to help kick-start the clearing of assets and to create price discovery. We have initially pursued opportunities to partner with the government in programs similar to those that we saw in the early 1990s. For example, last summer, we became a sub advisor to our old friends at AllianceBernstein in the treasury’s legacy securities Public Private Investment Program or PPIP and became one of eight sponsors selected to participate. Together, we raised over $1 billion of private equity commitment that is being matched by treasury equity and advantageous match term financing from treasury. Lennar has made a $75 million commitment to that program, and just over half of that has been funded today. We also have closely watched the activities at the FDIC and as you are aware, we are now partnered with them in two entities that acquired about $3 billion of real estate loans. We worked for over four months on the underlying due diligence and because of the high content of loans made to developers, having Lennar’s unique view, we believe gave us the distinctive advantage in our evaluation of those assets. We closed the transactions with the FDIC just six weeks ago and just about completed the task of bringing all of the loans in from the 22 different receiverships. In addition, during the short time, we have already had contact with a majority of the larger borrowers, borrower meetings are going on as we speak, a few of the loans have already been resolved and are being documented and cash is being collected. We see the potential opportunity as being extremely large. Looking at the FDIC alone, there have been almost 200 banks seized during this cycle and another 700 are on the watch list. The 22 institutions included in these first few structured transactions made up over $4 billion of unpaid principal balance alone just to kind of give you a perspective for the size of this opportunity. Many of the remaining troubled institutions have loans similar to the ones in the two transactions we just closed, and we are up and running and continue to have that unique Lennar advantage. We also anticipate that our involvement in sourcing and evaluating these assets will continue to yield one-off opportunities for the Lennar homebuilding operation. The Rialto team is very excited about how we are positioned and look forward to reporting to you on our progress in future quarters. I am going to turn it over to Bruce.
Jeff Krasnoff: Yes, this is Jeff, and I think the only thing I would add to that is the fact that you know these are really sort of the first of the acquisition development instruction type of portfolios as well, and we believe we have sort of the unique approach to that, because it does require a lot of infrastructure in order to be able to number one, just underwrite it, but also work it out after the fact and having that – and having Lennar’s footprint across the country, puts us in a great position to be able to bid on these. So, I think you had all of those things beginning to come together at one time. The pricing, the type of portfolio, the team that we put together, so on so forth, all sort of aligned.
Jeff Krasnoff: I would say there is a lot of room, you know, from an instructor perspective and from a team perspective, there is a lot of room to expand and to do more. We have got the base and we have had the last couple of years really to put together really a great team here. And adding additional personnel as necessary on top of the existing infrastructure and so on, we believe is, I mean, again it’s all hard work, but we believe it’s something that we are pretty adapted doing and we have done it in the past.
Jeff Krasnoff: Well, these are the exact questions that the homebuilders are discussing with their auditors and it’s not perfectly clear. So, you have to keep in mind we don’t have perfect guidance from the accounting firms, but essentially once you have a year give or take of profitability and that profitability will continue. It’s like that you could have the discussion about taking in your tax asset reserve, and because of the way the reserve is embedded in the assets, it’s likely to come all at one time as opposed to in various components.
Rick Beckwitt: This is Rick, I will take this one. With regard to the quality of the bars coming through the community, I would say it has remained relatively high. Folks out there are not just shopping or looking for furniture, they are looking to buy a home, those prices are in the affordable range. Credit score has really varied dramatically by market. So, it would be tough to really give you an overall view as to whether they are on the rise or on the fall because they really vary by market. With regard to the tax credit accelerating demand, we think some demand has been accelerated, there is no question of that, because there is a follow-off between when they get that opportunity back from the government, but it’s really difficult to assess, you know, what the impact of the elimination of that is going to be.
Rick Beckwitt: It might be out there, David, but it’s not our focus right now. We are really looking for kind of off-the-beaten-path opportunities. We don’t want to go into the head-to-head environment. You know, there is still lot of developed home site opportunities out there that are either on the market or have not yet hit the market, and right now, we are finding organic ways to expand our footprint within our operating divisions, leveraging overheads, one real carefully underwritten deal at a time.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, clearly, the margins in the more recent transactions, deals that we have signed or actually have closed on are much stronger than the totality of the balance. We have been taking advantage of the distress that’s out there. And you will start to see, you know, the benefit of the margins associated with those deals as we increase the building activity.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, with regard to people coming in, I think a lot of that depends on what their urgency factor is for a homeowner, to the extent that they are a relo buyer and moving to the market they want something to move into today to the extent that they have got more flexibility and want to have the specific home site in the community. They are more focused on the location and products than they are necessarily to tax credit. I think you need to keep in mind that affordability is at such a level in today’s market that you know, after the fact, rebate from the government, it’s not necessarily driving the purchase decision. And we are confident that, you know, over the long term, the elimination of the tax credit is not going to have a significant – not going to cause significant issues for us, and you know, depending on the type and the part of the market, people aren’t really even focused on the tax credit. It’s a nice thing to get but it’s not driving the decision.
Stuart Miller: I don’t think we have it broken out, but I guess the newer home sites are increasing. It’s probably closer to 10% of the total now. But we are clearly depleting some of the older communities and replacing with newer well-positioned higher gross margin communities and that’s a trend.Dennis McGill – Zelman & Associates: Okay, that’s helpful. Good luck guys.
Stuart Miller: Okay, to add to the first question, the first part, let’s say and we call it all one question.Joshua Pollard – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Stuart Miller: Yes, we have always tried to stay in kind of a range around that level recognizing that the Rialto investment is a large consolidated venture that has moved the needle there and under normal circumstances would not have. So, we think that we are comfortably in that range, especially as we in our own mind kind of take out that large debt component, non-recourse debt component that’s associated with that.Joshua Pollard – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Stuart Miller: We haven’t provided the quarterly guidance, but we are still comfortable that we will be profitable, we expect to be profitable for all of 2010. And I think if you listen to some of the comments that were made, a lot of the newer communities are opening maybe spring and into the middle part of this year with more deliveries in the back end of the year, and I think the contribution from Rialto will be greater as the year continues. So, I would expect that the second half of the year will have a greater percentage of adding to that profitability, we expect for this year.
Stuart Miller: Yes, let me just add to that and say that we know that there is a lot of enthusiasm of the end of the $8,000 tax credit. We have not allowed ourselves to get caught up in spec building in anticipation of its end. We think that, you know, with a slightly longer-term view that the end of that program is going to come in orderly fashion and not the quite as dramatic as some might think it will be.
Stuart Miller: Traditionally and today as well, we just don’t, we don’t speak to any inner quarter results and we will just have to wait and see when we have our call at the end of the second quarter.
Stuart Miller: I just think it’s too early to know right now, Josh. I don’t think that, I think there is too much up in the air. So, I would just have to say not sure yet.
Stuart Miller: Yes, look, we have been underwriting portfolios for the past two years. Jeff has mobilized the team, and I don’t know, maybe I should let Jeff speak a little bit, take it first. Jeff has mobilized the team that has been operating in this space for quite some time. The way you should look at our purchase is not that the first mover is an important position because in fact, we have underwritten a number of portfolios and we have either just decided not to bid or we have not been a winning bidder for the past couple of years. What you should read it as is that pricing is starting to find its way to a point where acquisitions can be made, proper management applied and profits will naturally come from that. And that means that you have two things happening, pricing is coming down to an appropriate level, and you have what we call price-enabled sellers. That means a seller who is actually able to trade at the price where the market is willing to buy. The government obviously is price-enabled and can sell at an appropriate level. Some of the banks have been reluctant or incapable of selling at those levels, even now getting to a point where the market has identified an appropriate price where buyers will buy and be able to make a profit. We have a great deal of expertise in this area. Our underwriting has been thorough in all of the portfolios we have underwritten. We have a great deal of confidence that what we are purchasing, we are going to be able to add some real value as the management team and make some good decisions that will yield us to good profit.
Stuart Miller: And let me, wait, let me just say one more thing, Nishu, but the other thing to note is I don’t feel like there is a first mover advantage so much. I just don’t think that there are a lot of competitors for this business. This is a tough business that takes a great deal of expertise. You can’t just decided to get into this business and start buying some assets. It is a complex business that requires that really knows what it’s doing. So, rather than being a first mover, we know that we have the advantage of being a very unique team in this business and the fact that we are finding prices that makes sense is what’s more significant.
Stuart Miller: Yes, we have done this before and we scaled from zero to 4 billion overtime. So, we have got a history of knowing how the scaling process works, and I think that we have a lot of capacity here.
Stuart Miller: I don’t think, I don’t think we can think in terms of the next couple of quarters. It’s a very opportunistic consideration, Dan. The bids come up, bids are put out there. Some of them are one, some of them are just taken off the agenda. We continue to be very involved in the bidding process here. And we are – we have a fair amount of difference as to whether we are investing over the next month, quarter or year, we are going to be an active participant and be investing in this business for the next years to come. So, I can’t really give you any color as to what we think is going to be a ramp up and what the timing will be, but we are actively involved right now.
Stuart Miller: Okay. I want to thank everybody for joining us. We are pretty enthusiastic about where we are right now. We recognized that the current economic environment is turbulent and with that recognition and humble respect for the market conditions, we think that we are well positioned to be able to move forward. So, we look forward to reporting again the end of our second quarter. Thank you.
Bruce Gross: And Josh, let me just say that, remember, as you are looking our debt to total capital, we have a $650 million deferred tax asset reserve that we do expect to come back into equity over the next four quarters give or take a quarter.Joshua Pollard – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Four quarters, that’s relatively quick. Thank you.
Bruce Gross: Let me respond to the first question. We actually gave the pre-impairment margins, that was the 20.3%.
Bruce Gross: So, just over half of the $10 million related to homebuilding and relative to the second question as far as the SG&A run rate, we have really taken quite a few hits over the past number of quarters relating to lease terminations, we have had legal expenses, so a lot of those were non-recurring costs. And as volume picks up as we expected to, we do expect to get leverage on our SG&A as a percentage of home sales as we go forward.
Bruce Gross: I did mention the community count was flattish with last quarter. Now, that doesn’t include some of the recent acquisitions that we made because we don’t add to community account until we open it for sales.
Bruce Gross: Well, as you can imagine with the initiation of the tax credit and the expiration of it, we have really geared our inventory position and start schedule to fall within the hash marks of those two days. Right now, we are not carrying what I would say is a large level of spec to the inventory. We are really focused on trying to do build to sell side of opportunity to pre-sell. We are actually accomplishing some, what I call in the business sales right now, and that we feel relatively comfortable with our inventory.
Bruce Gross: Well, the way I would look at the accounting change, Steven, just really simplify it is the line that was between liabilities and equity is now just in the equity section, that’s the only change that occurred.
Bruce Gross: Exactly, just moved down essentially one line till it’s under equity where it used to be no man’s land between liabilities and equity.
Bruce Gross: No, we have not in the first quarter. As you look at our first quarter results for financial services, it’s always a low volume quarter for us and we did see a reduction in refinances and just low volume, but there were no reserves in the first quarter that we had to take.
Bruce Gross: If you remember at year-end, we had accrued for expected additional homes that we might try are affected with Chinese dry wall and we had an accrual that was approximately 80 million. So, that accrual not only that we believe at this time that, that was sufficient for what might still come to our attention as affected homes, but in addition, the receivable that we set up, we have been collecting from the insurance company under that receivable, and we feel comfortable that it’s behind us now.
Bruce Gross: Well, fairly the new communities that we brought on board are going to work their way into our community count as the year progresses. You know, we will have some communities that those are replacing, but I think it’s safe to say that the community count at the end of 2010 will be larger than it was at the beginning of ’09 [ph], at the beginning of the year.Jonathan Ellis – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks guys.
Bruce Gross: Our spec levels on a per community basis, and I could jump in and answer that, Dan, it’s running approximately one to two per community as far as completed unsold homes go.
