Jon Jaffe: Steve, relative to your first follow-up. You heard me quite accurately. Lumber is down about 70% from its peak. The starts that we're seeing in September are incorporating at lower price, and that's what I say, by Q2, we'll see the benefit of that. And again, you accurately heard me that we expect that, that benefit will be greater than the cost increases in other categories combined, resulting in a lower cost per square foot on the homes that we build that we'll be delivering starting in Q2.
Jon Jaffe: Yes, that's right, Truman. What we're seeing is there still is a constraint on the supply chain that feeds our manufacturers, our supply chain. And that's not over yet, as I mentioned. But lead times have expanded, which is giving some breathing room to these manufacturers to start to catch up. And that's what I meant by the plans we have in place, manufacturer by manufacturer, trade partner by trade partner give us some visibility, although not perfectly clear that as we get into Q2 of next year that we expect that cycle times will stabilize. We feel very confident that -- as I mentioned, that the plans we have in place will support our double-digit growth that we have planned. It's not all of a sudden growth change for us. It's very methodical. As Stuart and Rick both mentioned, we carefully match our production pace, our sales pace. And so this is all planned outweigh in advance with real good visibility for our trade partners to support us.
Jon Jaffe: And just emphasize the point, as Stuart said, of our Everything's Included program, where manufacturer lead times have expanded anywhere from 4x to 7x their normal lead times, the ability to know what we're going to build way in advance as compared to a design studio program really gives us the ability to communicate very effectively with those manufacturers and adjust to their lead times.
Jon Jaffe: So relative to signs to look for in stabilization, as I mentioned, we're in day-to-day coordination in conversation with our key manufacturers and our key trade partners. And it's really about the planning process to look at the weeks, months and quarters ahead so that they can plan their productivity to match what we're doing. And also, as I mentioned, to bring in additional trade partners to help support those partners of ours that are not able to ramp up to the needs that we have. And that, again, is very closely coordinated to make sure that we can get enough volume out of them.
Jon Jaffe: That's exactly right. As we work through this planning process, it will be the outcome of that, that will show up and be visible.
Jon Jaffe: I think the real answer to that is in the normal planning process of the cyclicality of the year, the seasonality of the year, more correctly. So we typically will have more starts in our second quarter that feed into our largest delivery quarter, the fourth quarter. And then third quarter starts are feeding into the beginning of the year. So that's more of a normal pattern.
Jon Jaffe: Well, I think that we closed the gap on that because as we said that the demand is stronger than supply, and we see that in the next few quarters. So as I said, we're up 16% year-over-year in our third quarter starts, which I think demonstrates our bullishness on starting more homes.
Rick Beckwitt: No, I think you guys have covered it pretty well. We're seeing nothing that would reflect a downward adjustment in margins. We're underwriting land deals with the same intensity. We're fortunate because we've got all our land in shape for 2022 and almost everything for 2023. And we've just got tremendous visibility in what that pipeline is. So we feel pretty good about where we are.
Rick Beckwitt: So I'll take that. I think you're going to continue to see the smaller and the regional builders have a difficult time to get community count up. The overall industry in the market is shifting to really have the land market address the top builders. And we have such a market share advantage that the developers want us in their deals. So that's number one.  Number two, as I mentioned in my remark -- in my comments, we're anticipating double-digit community count growth in 2022. We've got the land in place, permitting and planning and plan approved and all those entitlement things are problematic, but we're going to make our way through that, and we've got good visibility. This whole supply chain disruption thing has given us the ability to do triage on how we deal with some of the talents. And we're getting to a point where we can help them, help us in a more efficient way. So it's working, and we feel pretty confident that's what we're going to do.
Rick Beckwitt: So let me just start there and say we don't have -- we haven't separated out numbers on what percentage are going to final users versus some of the -- what some might say are the nontraditional users. Many -- in many markets, the single-family for rent buyers are just an ordinary part of the market and have been a regular participant. So we just haven't separated out those numbers. But it is an active and important part of where the market is going, enabling people who can't necessarily get the down-payment currently, get them into a single-family lifestyle, which I think is a greater good.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, I'm not going to take the bait on 2 or 3 years out and Stuart decided not to answer that 1 as well. But I think that as we look at near term and we underwrite pricing and cost structures, we're underwriting to very similar margins as to what we've got now.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, some of the East, particularly -- I think we have Florida in the East. Is that correct? Because I look at it from the way we run our company regionally. Really hasn't faced as many of the issues associated with framing. We -- a lot of concrete block construction in Florida. We dominate the Florida markets and really have a good control of the trade base there. So that's one of the drivers of that.
Stuart Miller: Let me just add to that, Truman, I don't think that we can stress enough how hands on this program has been and will continue to be. In fact, Jon and Rick are jointly going to go out and meet with various strategic partners, trade partners, one-on-one in their offices over the next months. And that's very much by way of making sure that what we're saying is what we bring to market. We don't like missing. We don't like setting expectations that are not achievable. We've done a lot of homework to think about where we are and what we can achieve. We daylighted the fourth quarter. There's still some volatility in that, but we're developing more and more certainty as we get out ahead with proper preparation with our Everything's Included program limiting SKUs, with our Builder of Choice program, maximizing affinity and focusing on making sure that we're in lockstep with our trade partners.
Stuart Miller: Truman, let me just add to that and say, Rick said something that was somewhat nuanced in his comments, but very important, and that is we have plenty of land. It's converting land to community count that has kind of slowed down a little bit right now. So we have tremendous visibility given our land acquisition, our land engagement machine that's out in the markets where we really do have a tremendous advantage over those smaller, more regional builders in accessing land. But it's in finalizing entitlements and actually getting communities open where you see some of the stickiness. Rick daylighted that it's with final approvals or final plats or actually the land development where you might have PVC shortage or things like that, that impair your ability to actually get it into the community count and open to business. So I think that we have pretty good visibility on where we're going -- not pretty good, excellent visibility on where we're going. It's just about some of the impairments that exist at the local level in the field, and we're working through that.
Stuart Miller: But Carl, if you're looking for a signal that you can kind of watch and wait for, I don't think you're going to see it until we tell you that it's happening. It's going to flow through our numbers, and we're going to see it before others see it. And you're going to -- you're just not going to be able to see the stabilization until it's actually happening. That's kind of my view of it.
Stuart Miller: So maybe I'll address the second component of your second question, which was -- had to do with the competitiveness of the other SFR players. As Jon and I have been looking at this, and we're very close to the market, we're seeing relatively little competition associated with these deals. As I said, the developers want execution. And they are very focused on making sure that people close on the land, work through the land because in many cases, they're leveraged. And as a result, they want to make sure that they've got the cash flow to keep their businesses up. These other players don't have the cost structures that we have. So from a cost standpoint, we build so much cheaper than they will ever have the capacity to build. So it's difficult for us to feel that they pose any competitive threat in disrupting the landmark.
Stuart Miller: We definitely need an even supply chain, and it's going to be volatile, at least in the beginning of the year. We'll see how it evolves through the year. But look, we were appropriately anticipatory as we put starts in the ground early on early in the year. We've ramped up our starts in order to have production that could meet what we thought would be long-term demand trends. And that's going to enable us. You're right. If you do simple math, you can get to some interesting numbers for 2022. But I think that we're going to see how the supply chain actually evens itself out, what cycle times actually become as you go through a year like next year. And there's going to be an early year rippled from the supply chain disruption or complexity that exists right now. So we're not really giving guidance for next year. We did daylight that we see strength in the market that will reflect itself in double-digit growth in our significant kind of metrics, and we're going to leave it at that for right now. As we get to the fourth quarter and in the fourth quarter, we'll give guidance for the following year. But it will be based on a better understanding and a better belief system of not only what's in the pipeline, but also what the supply chain is really shaping up to look like -- I daylighted that Jon and Rick together are going out and meeting with a number of our trade partners one-on-one in their facilities, we found those meetings to be very telling and helpful and kind of mapping out what we can expect. And so it will be interesting to see how our update goes in the fourth quarter.
Stuart Miller: Well, we've daylighted for a number of quarters now. And I think that we've executed very much in line with what we've laid out. And that is that we're very focused on migrating to a higher option versus owned program. And we've worked and focused on building kind of an institutional model for making that happen. We've talked about the land program that we have in place where we really have quite a structured program for land optioning and that's working extremely well. And that program is enabling us to make this migration in orderly course quarter-by-quarter. We are improving the number of lots that are actually -- or homesites that are actually positioned in an optioned program. And I think that you'll see more and more over time that we're really developing a quite structured just-in-time delivery system for land at the front end with much less land that will be held on our books but much more land that is controlled for our future.
Stuart Miller: So, Susan, thank you for bringing up our SG&A. I think we all feel we've got a bounce in our step because we think that this is one of the most important parts of how our company has focused 5 basis points and 10 basis points at a time on improving the underlying model that will define our way future. Our net margin continues to grow. And there aren't big items that we can point to in controlling SG&A. It's just a lot of small initiatives across our business, all the way from the internal plumbing system of our IT group and the way that we're compiling numbers and putting -- getting to quarter end literally within days, closing our books within days after the close of quarter and bring our numbers and projections to light digitally and automatically as opposed to with an awful lot of work from our people in the field, the efficiencies that we're injecting in every part of our business all the way from marketing to realtor commissions, to the way that our construction operations are actually run. Every element of our business is being reworked and replumbed for efficiency, and it's reflecting quarter after quarter after quarter in our SG&A.  So we think it's one of the most important things. We don't get enough questions about it. But it really is every quarter incremental improvement. And we have some divisions that have just taken it to new levels. And I think that we're just -- we're still at the -- in the early innings of doing what we can accomplish in the future.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Good. Thanks for the question. And again, everyone, thank you for joining us today. We look forward to reporting again in the fourth quarter. And I think in the fourth quarter, we'll be able to give a little bit more color on where the supply chain is shaping out and look forward to reporting on that. So thanks for joining us, and we'll see you next time.
