Rick Beckwitt: Yes. And if I had to give you sort of trajectory in the quarter, May was the strongest month for us from both the new sales orders, from an absorption pace standpoint, and from just an overall field traffic and buyer sentiment. Incentives were down quite a bit from our fourth quarter with regard to the incentive in the sales order. And that's what gives us a little bit confidence that you'll start to see some margin improvement in the back half of the year combined with the construction cost up that Jon highlighted.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. That's what I was trying to address. If you looked at the incentives in the new sales orders, not in the closed home, for Q4, that was about 6.1% in the fourth quarter. As we moved into Q1 and Q2, we saw additional improvement, Q1 was about 5.7%, Q2 was about 5.6%, but trending in the quarter down through the quarter of Q2.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. And as I said in my remarks, the market is really following its typical seasonal pattern with improvement from the prior quarter periods. So I think it's too soon to tell whether it's going to be an elongated selling season because of mortgage rates being down. But what it has done is peak buyer interest, because things are more affordable right now.
Rick Beckwitt: I think, sort of, just to end this. We run the analytics and models to understand where we maximize returns and profitability based on pricing and pace. And we started this year saying that we were going to deliver a certain number, we knew what our fixed overhead and our operating cost were and we're driving towards a cash flow number and an earnings number. And we could certainly slow down production and push price, but that wouldn't produce a better result. So I think we're operating the company with the strategy that we entered the year and we are focused on one small piece of the puzzle and there's a big -- a lot of pieces around it.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. I'll let Diane talk about the go-forward number. But I think, you need to keep in mind Steve that the land spend in any quarter is not necessarily dollars that are at -- that just came together in an acquisition in that quarter. Some deals take years to come together in order to get to a point where all the entitlements are in place and we're ready to go. And a lot of the land that you're looking at that got acquired has been under contract for two or three years. So you can't look at a comparison between last quarter and the quarter before that to this because it's apples and oranges particularly since we're buying and contracting for a much larger business now than we were in the past.
Stuart Miller: Well, I think, that's yet to be seen. We generally don't comment beyond the end of the quarter, but we definitely saw the market being fairly solid through the second quarter. And even as we've started to go into the third, it feels like the market is, as I said, solid. Lower interest rates clearly are impacting affordability. That's bringing people back to the market. And while new home sales are reported across the nation right now at down by about 7% or 8%, we're still looking at a generally solid economic environment with low unemployment and increasing wages basically getting customers to act on their appetite to find a home. We're in short supply relative to homes and interest rates is really enabling affordability to kick in and to bring buyers back to the market. So that's a trend that we've been seeing and that's kind of how we see things as we look through the end of the year, continuing to improve and solidify.
Stuart Miller: Well there are a lot of embedded questions there Ivy and a lot of topic. And I think that we can all agree that there are crosscurrents in today's market. And there are a lot of reasons to be optimistic into -- this world quite positively. And there are some concerns that are out there, some of them are at the macro level and those are environmental programs that we're going to have to fit into. At the end of the day, our view is that the base of the economy is strong, unemployment's low. And relative to the housing market, you're really dealing in a world that we've not seen before. And that is for the past 10 years, you've really seen relative to the population of the country, a production deficit that has persisted. And that persistence means that housing is in short supply, is going to continue in short supply and there are going to be some movements in the market overall that are sometimes up, sometimes down. Affordability will be tested as we saw with the pause. But even with land short labor constrained prices or costs being pushed up, there's a need that is driving the housing market. And in our view and I've said this for some time, it presents somewhat of a floor for a downward limit on how constrained the market can get. And while the upside in the market is somewhat constrained as well, because of cost and affordability, there is a channel of production that it seems in order to fill the need for dwellings in the country, we're going to be traversing for quite some time. And if you look at a normalized level of production, and I know some people question it of around 1.5 million and maybe it's a little bit lower, we've been underperforming that for some time. Now what we've done is we've created some innovative land strategies and some innovative production strategies, recognizing that there will be a balance between what is sold and what is rented. And we're participating in both sides of that market in our rental program in our for-sale housing program that will in some instances be sold to groups that are buying and leasing. And we're really adopting a broad strategy of participating in all parts of the market as the country overall has to fill the need of dwellings that are in short supply.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Look we can add some color to that. But I think that we start with the understanding that our strategy is basically derived from that view of this channel and the downside protected and upside, kind of, limited moving through this middle zone. And remember as we said, as we went through the pause in the second half of 2018 we're focused on building through using pricing to basically maintain production, which maintains cash flow. And so as you think about the way that we would model a recession that is not housing led, and I think that it would not be but might be a derivative of trade wars or other things. It would be defined by those thoughts that the production deficit is a buffer, land and labor is a limiting factor and we're going to continue to produce homes at an accelerated level by using pricing to keep our production machine moving through.
Stuart Miller: Additionally, I would say that if the perception is that we’re using incentives to stimulate the market in a broader sense, the incentive structure is -- advice that at a very local level community-by-community in response to existing market condition. This in cooperation with Jon, Rick our division presidents and the people on the ground. So you're really looking at a composite incentive number that derives from what the local level is telling us that the market is requesting. So it's an active feedback rather than something that is forced downward to drive the market.
Stuart Miller: Yes. Look I've noted this before. I think that there is still a lot of opportunity throughout our SG&A levels to improve our business operation by using technologies and we're working with a number of really vibrant programs and a lot of them are customer facing. We've talked about Opendoor. Opendoor enabled homes or home sales for our company continue to accelerate. And the better we get at working with Opendoor, the more we're able to drive our cost down. And that's a benefit to our SG&A. But at the same time, we're working with companies like States Title to improve the amount of time that it takes to get a title policy and to deliver documentation to our customers. And in time, though not yet, that will improve some of our financial services performances. We're using Blend to help our customer better access, the mortgage application process. And across our platform, there is just a number of technology opportunities to refine the way we do business and bring cost down incrementally. It's not going to happen in large steps quarter by quarter, but what we've been seeing is 10 basis points here, 20 basis points there over the last quarter year. And over years, you're going to start to see us become a much, much more efficient business because technology has made us better at what we're doing.
Stuart Miller: Okay. It sounds like we've come to an end. I want to thank everyone for joining us and we look forward to continuing to give guidance and understanding of our business as we go forward. Thanks.
Diane Bessette: Yes. Steve. So we ended the quarter with 1,325 active communities. And if you look at where we think we'll be for Q3, we think it'll probably be flattish with the prior year. And if you look ahead as you get to the end of the year, we might be a little bit lower than the prior year just because we're accelerating our absorption pace.
Diane Bessette: Yes Steven, I think if you just look at the numbers, our second quarter was not too dissimilar from the first quarter, a little bit higher, but not materially and so I think we're clearly are in the second quarter is a good proxy for what you'll see in the third and fourth quarters as well.
Diane Bessette: Yes, I think if you look at our third quarter of guidance on delivery, you're absolutely right. We're sort of in the single-digit range and we see pickup as you go into the fourth quarter. We're generally back-end loaded. So I'm not sure that we're too dissimilar. If you look at the pattern of last year, pretty similar, we always pick up and have our strongest --new order and delivery growth in the fourth quarter. So I'm not sure that we're too out of sync with the typical pattern.
Jon Jaffe: Hey, Steve its Jon. I definitely characterize that as keeping up with the market. We are not of a scale nor is any other builder to make the market, and so you have a consumer that is looking at what value can they get for their monthly payment, which interest rates will have a big effect on, and creates a market pricing. We're participating in that market from community, community it may vary, might be more or less aggressive depending on that particular marketplace. But in general we're in the market and I think it's just a reflection of a long upcycle, but one that's defined as slow and steady, which in a lot of respects is more healthy than one that is very robust because that can't last very long. And so when this channel that Stuart described in my view is slow and steady, so there isn't robust demand that as you think about your question of normal seasonality why hasn't it been stronger and created a greater reduction incentive. It's really a reflection of marketplace that we've seen for the last few years just continuing forward at that pace.
Jon Jaffe: Steve, let's also remember the incentives number would go to zero even in the best of markets where we are closing cost and cost of that nature. So the floor is sort of call it 3%-ish in terms of what the bottom in a really strong market would be.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. I'll take your question. So California in general improved, but it's really two different categories to think about when you look at California. The high end coastal markets particularly the San Francisco Bay Area and Orange County are still a bit sluggish. Those are the higher price points, you're talking $1 million-plus homes and heavily influenced by what's being impacted with the Chinese buyer. So those we're going to call it for what it is those remain sluggish. The more eminent markets from the empire in the South in San Diego, up through the Central Valley and into Sacramento, those markets are all performing very well, very consistent with what Stuart described in terms of the overall market condition being solid. And we're seeing strength in market there much lower price points, say in the $400000 to $600000 price range is performing very well. With respect to land in California, we're well positioned. It's not a market that really lends itself to a lot of growing option developed program. It's mostly owned developed land, but we do have given our scale in the respective markets. We've got very strong strategic relationships where there are opportunities for phase takedowns for long-term relationships. We're in every one of those opportunities throughout the state and maximizing it. But you're not going to see the same kind of volume on just-in-time land inventory that you'll see in a Texas or Florida market that's the land position is more set up for delivering that.
