Stuart Miller: Okay. So that was a multipart question, Ivy. I'm going to give you credit for the two point questions and your follow up on that. So to start off with you asked about free cash flow and how we might think to deploy that to enhance shareholder value and let me say hats off to Rick as he aptly negotiated our proposed deal with WCI. He injected great deal of optionality ‎for us in the way that we think about the use of cash versus stock when we do have optionality all the way for quite some time until closing. And so we're thinking about the way that we use cash to enhance shareholder value in all transactions whether it's the purchase of new land, whether it's other deals that we are considering opportunistically or whether it's the way that we use cash and stock. And we'll keep a lot of optionality injected in our program so that we can watch as the world around us given the new administration starts to really unfold. So we're very keenly considering how we think about the use of cash. We've injected lot of optionality and you can expect that that's going to be a primary focus for our corporate office. So that was part one. You asked about some of the discussion points and administrative changes that might come along with a new administration. We've been giving a lot of thought to that. There are some murkier waters, some questions around tax rate reductions and how they might ripple through, how they might result in cash savings. I think we're going to have to wait and see what the details are but as the landscape shifts, as a tax policy that has been articulated actually get formed, there are going to be some change agents in the way that customers think about whether or not they want to purchase or whether or not they have the capital to deploy. We think that the tax changes are going to have some significant impact not just to the individual or potential customers, but also to our corporate tax rate in the way that we kind of configure our organization. Corporate taxes as articulated are likely to go down, but what other elements of the tax code might change at the same time is something that we're going to have to say on top of. Around the regulatory environment, there's a whole host of regulatory constraint that has defined the housing market not the least of which is the way the banks have been not only regulated, but also prosecuted has certainly shifted the landscape for the mortgage industry or defined the landscape for the mortgage industry. What it seems to be like -- what seems to be lightning of that regulatory or prosecutorial environment would in my opinion result in more normalization of the mortgage market and therefore greater access to the mortgage market by the lower middle class, which I think would be healthy not only for the housing industry, but also for the economy in general and I think we've been saying that for a long time. All of these pieces as we see new administration come and as we see that confidence has been lifted, we'll see how that ripple through the selling season and how consistent it stays. All of these provide opportunities for us to look opportunistically about as to how we deploy our cash and how we think about cash flow turning into the building of shareholder value. So I hope that answers the question.
Stuart Miller: Listen, we've said in past conference calls that our focus had shifted last year to saying okay, how do we position our ancillary businesses to bring them to where they ought to be. The goal for the company is to be a pure play homebuilder. Whether that includes our apartment effort or not is something that we're considering openly, that it might be inclusive of our multifamily program. So we hold that open to see how we think about it in the future, but clearly we've been focused on FivePoint and Rialto maturing and positioning those companies for other forms of ownership. We've articulated that FivePoint, we've looked at an IPO opportunity, the IPO market closed up on us and we're looking other strategic opportunities. We've really refined the ownership structure for FivePoint, so that it's positioned and ready to go, should the right opportunity come along and we're focused on that and looking for that. Likewise with Rialto, 2016 and continuing into 2017 as we resolve the legacy component of our asset base really refines Rialto to become a self-sufficient operation a lot like FivePoint already is and positions it to find its way into some different form of ownership. As we resolve these ancillary businesses, we really clarify our position as a pure play homebuilder defined by our core homebuilding business, financial services, which is a sidecar program and potentially by our multifamily group also. But as you can see with this year's performance on the multifamily side, we've really positioned that entity to also be have -- to have a lot of optionality and what we do with it because this is becoming a very valuable enterprise for the company and quite compatible with our core for-sale business.
Stuart Miller: Yes, so I think -- I don’t think we've seen much movement in cap rate yet and whether there's going to be as interest rates go up, there are a lot of arguments around cap rates relative to the apartment world. We continue to have the view that the shortage in dwellings both rental and for-sale across the country that has been the result of the underproduction over the past years is going to continue to reflect in a fairly strong rental market, which makes this asset class very desirable. We've seen this as Rick's gone out and raised the capital for this build-to-core fund that we have in place. We've continued to see that internationally there is still a sizable demand for this asset class and while there will be some ebb and flow as certain portfolios of buyers get a little bit more full, we're fully loaded in this asset class, we'll see a little ebb and flow in some of those cap rates. I think directionally we're still going to see a fairly strong cap rate relative to the sale of these kinds of properties and their valuation.
Stuart Miller: We'll you know we've never been one to follow the herd. We've been more kind of self determined. We have a strong view that the product offerings that we have right now are pretty strong and while we are shifting back towards kind of a historical norm of where we think the percentages of first-time home buyer product that would like to have, we don't feel that with interest rates moving up, with the market still defining itself, we have the option to accelerate that pace if we want to. But we didn't feel that it was the right time to make a more dramatic shift.
Stuart Miller: Jade as I said earlier, we really maintained maximum optionality there. We have a number of moving parts, number of things that we consider and are considering and so we're going to maintain that optionality and really not give additional color at this point just because we are considering other opportunities that are out there that we think compete for cash and balance sheet. And I think as you've seen us do before, we'll allocate capital in the direction where we think we can have the greatest impact on shareholder value over the long-term. So that's kind of where we would like to leave the answer to that right now.
Stuart Miller: Our general view is that regardless of which way things go, relative to current regulation and some of our initial thinking around how the regulatory environment would benefit us, we're kind of positioned for prosperity, regardless of which way it goes. Think about a rising interest rate environment relative to our conduit business, our loan origination business, our B-Piece buying business, all of these arenas tend to be activated by changes in the environment. We think there's still a very strong case to be made for the dollars that we're investing and whether risk retention remains in place defines a new environment that we will help craft or whether we revert to the way things have been working in the past, we're just very well positioned to continue with a very strong strategy of producing outsized returns.
Stuart Miller: Let me just add to it. I wanted to be very clear in my opening remarks. We're really looking at a steady-state environment as we craft our strategy going forward. But we think that there are some unique upside potentials out there and I've tried to articulate some of those. But the way that we're thinking about both our guidance and the way that we're crafting the strategy within the company, we've seen a lot of choppiness in the economic environment over the past quarters that we've and other builders have had to navigate. There are constraints on land. There are constraints on labor. So we recognize that the environment we have to look at is that’s consistent with where we are, but we think that there's opportunity for upside and that's how we've positioned the company.
Stuart Miller: As we sit right now, it's a kind of complicated time for us to knit these pieces together because WCI as with any transaction that has been enclosed is a proposed transaction. But the WCI acquisition as it occurs and we believe it will, will knit together with some of these numbers and there won't be a clear distinction between them because some of the WCI communities are going to potentially replace communities that we might have purchased otherwise. Remember we're purchasing excellent communities that are already mature and underway and that's very attractive to us and our platform. So this will all dovetail into a narrative that will take greater shape after a closing.
Stuart Miller: And that's one of the problems that we've identified relative to both Rialto and to FivePoint is that the revenues tend to be less predictable and sometimes lumpy, which really brings some confusion to the overall program wherein our homebuilding business we're able to give much greater guidance and it is much more consistently matched. Those two subsidiaries tend to have lumpier results and can sometimes bring a little confusion.
Stuart Miller: I don't think that we've added variability. I don't think we've made that as a migration. I think we've just pulled cost out of the equation. When I look at and think about our migration from conventional to digital marketing, we've basically cut many of our advertising and marketing costs in half. While we have not increased traffic, we've actually reduced actual foot traffic, but to a much higher quality of traffic. So our conversion rates have gone way up and this has really created less stress in the system. Remember that this one element is a proxy for many other areas that we're focused on around our SG&A. But some of the results about what our digital marketing platform has done really get a little bit interesting to me because it's not just about the reduction in cost, it's about the ability to drive traffic and to continue to enhance what we're already doing. So just some stats, our digital marketing resulted in Internet leads being up 35% to over 90,000. Our social media followers are up 22% to 2.7 million and our YouTube views are up by 11 million to 33 million. These are really big numbers that derive from the ability to actually focus on something and to use digital technologies to our advantage. Now when we talk about re-piping our system, we're re-piping the operational side of our business to be able to apply the same focuses to things like even flow and even distribution of closings through a quarter. To focus on a number of components of our business that we think can eliminate duplication in the way that we handle our financial accounting and the distribution of information through our company and as these things are applied, we think we can have the same meaningful actual reduction in cost as we go forward.
Rick Beckwitt: Stephen, its Rick. As we said the past, land is certainly one of the drivers that affects the gross margin. We benefited from some opportunistic purchases. We're now more of a wholesale buyer of land that's affecting margin and we think that in that 22% to 22.5% range, that's a solid margin and it's -- as you know it's much higher than where the rest of the industry is. Another thing that's impacting that is our continuing shift towards the lower price market that those had lower gross margins but higher IRRs and that gets them to the overall strategy that we have as a company. Where the bottom is, I don’t think it's much lower than where we are in the 22% side and we're just going to have to see is that, that comes across. If you look at higher cycles for the industry somewhere in that 21% to 21.5% range has always been considered a pretty solid gross margin and we feel that operationally we should be able to do better than that.
Rick Beckwitt: Steve, it's Rick again. We were very strategic when we identified where we're going to roll out this program. And as we look at last quarter or even for last year, our underwriting has been tall as we're having 2 plus cash-on-cash multiples. We've got high double-digit IRRs. We're just knocking it off out of the park.
Rick Beckwitt: And I guess that other detail I give you Steve is if you look at our portfolio, as Bruce said, we've got 74 communities in total. 40 of those in merchant build and balance 34 are in our fund as of today. So given if cap rates do moderate, we've got the ability to milk the asset through the income producing nature of fund and that was our strategic decision to have a dual prong strategy. I think that we're really well positioned to maximize this and as the market recovers, if the market softens and then recovers in the future, we're going to have this portfolio of two, three, four year old properties that we can certainly monetize it at that point.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah Michael, it's Rick. We generally don't talk about anything in close quarter with regard to sales. What we can tell you is that as you look at our Q4, each month showed year-over-year increases with an increase throughout the quarter and percentage of year-over-year change.
Rick Beckwitt: We've been running in the high 30% from a percentage basis. If you look at the land that we've been contracting and we've certainly made a shift on that, you can expect that percentage to go up over the next year two years.
Rick Beckwitt: And I think the other thing is that all this is definitional. On the edges we feel that there's still a good strong market in that lower-priced first time moved up market, which is a big component of our -- of our offering, product offering across U.S. So it's where you draw that line with regard to ASP.
Jon Jaffe: Sure. As has been mentioned already there's real constraint in labor market, but I think that operationally we been very effective in managing that. We said it's up about 2% year-over-year for our single-family detached product and that's really come from a focus on our relationships with our trade partners with a real intensity towards programs such as job site readiness and ebb and flow and as always our everything's included strategy really helps us in a labor constrained market be simpler and more efficient to build. And we also see that in our cycle times as evidenced, it's come down consecutively from our second quarter to our third and now to our fourth quarter. We see reduction in a number of days of cycle time. So there's real pressure but I'm very proud of the way our management team is on top of that as a daily focus.
Jon Jaffe: One more point on that, this is Jon that we also have our next gen strategy, which as Stuart said is more of a leadership position than a following position, which represents about 6% of our total sales and the average sales price of our next gen product offering is up 35% higher than our average sales price inclusive of that next gen pricing. So we do have different strategies that we think balance our offerings into the marketplace if that’s appropriate.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. We're seeing that there is pretty consistent level of constraint in labor in all the markets across the country. I think that our management team has done a particularly good job of focusing on the relationships with those trades to make sure that we're the builder of choice and it takes a lot of effort to focus and I think we're executing very well on that front.
Mike Rehaut: Thanks. Good morning, everyone and nice quarter again. First question I was hoping to hit on some of the more recent sales trends that you've seen let's say over the last six weeks if it's still all possible to common obviously with the rate movement not being as dramatic as in short of a time what we saw in 2013, but we have had six weeks now of rate move that’s kind of totaled up at around 80 basis points. So I was hoping to get a little sense of number one how, how the order growth cadence occurred during 4Q and again as you think about November into the first half of December if you've seen any difference in at least in terms of the year-over-year obviously seasonality wise, it's a softer but from year-over-year or sequential periods it's seems a little different than what you would expect.
Mike Rehaut: Okay. And I appreciate that Rick and I guess just secondarily, when you think about the first time business and you kind of alluded to the fact that that can also or perhaps is having an impact on the direction of gross margins in '17 perhaps even further out than that. I was hoping if you could just remind us of what your first time business was as a percent of closings let's say in the fourth quarter, how that compares to the full year and where you might see that go over the next -- over the next 12 or 24 months.
Mike Rehaut: So it's high 30s to 40 doesn't seem too aggressive of a shift that can go to 45. Just given the increased focus and as you talk about it, I would expect something little bit more, is there anything that's constraining that because obviously it's something that I think a lot of the industry is moving towards.
Mike Rehaut: No it's fair points and worthwhile to be stated, so I appreciate the additional color. Thanks a lot guys.
Bruce Gross: Okay. John as far as the macro environment we're not assuming a very different macro environment from what you're seeing now. The reduction in gross margin is consistent with what we've been saying that some of the opportunistic land position that we purchased they're just not as large of a percentage of those as we go forward. And therefore the land cost is going up a little bit and construction costs have gone up a little bit. So not a different macro environment and SG&A levers, there's a lot of focus that we have is where we're typing all of the technology in our company and restore the benefit through digital marketing is how we've reduced advertising costs. We think there's an opportunity to continue to make progress really on all the line items that we have with our fixed marketing costs as well as continuing to grow organically will continue to lever the overhead in our divisions because we're not growing our divisions at the same pace that we're growing our overall volume.
Bruce Gross: That's excluding WCI, so 7% although as Stuart mentioned in his remarks, there is the opportunity that some of the WCI assets might replace some of the assets we were to bring online.
Bruce Gross: This is Bruce. So really when you look at FivePoint and all the joint ventures, they have overhead associated with them each quarter, that would result in a net operating loss unless there was a transaction of a land sale. So it's really then continuing to operate their business and it's a question of what quarter the land sales occur and it intends to bunch up. So my commentary about the quarters and the net operating losses is that the sales anticipated from the joint ventures are bunched up later in the year which means the overhead in the beginning of the year wants to be offset by any significant land sale transactions.
Bruce Gross: So we actually had a reduction on our development spend during the quarter. Last year it was $266 million. This year's fourth quarter was $240 million. So overall when you look at land and land development together, even though we're growing the company, we actually spent less in total this year versus last year. And as we look at the positive cash flow generation for next year, that's just an estimate at this point. We're very focused on continuing the progress that we made this year and we'll continue to give you updates throughout the year, but our focus is continuing to improve the balance sheet and we'll remain opportunistic with what we do with that cash.
Bruce Gross: I got to look most of their community growth are in that asset investment really close to our larger markets California, Texas and Florida. We have spent, intensified our effort in the Carolinas and in Georgia. So you'll see increased community count growth from those areas.
Bruce Gross: Yes Jay, it actually went from 17% to 18% but both of those members are below the normal averages. So I wouldn’t look at going from 17% to 18%, anything other than just some rounding. There's no issue with cancellations, it's well below long-term averages that we've experienced.
