Rick Beckwitt: Hi, Michael. It’s Rick. Bruce did highlight that we think we’ll be around 25% for the quarter. I think we’re always very straight up as to what guidance we give you with regard to margins. We have seen various competitors do different things out there with regard to incentives. As we’ve said all year long, we’re balancing pace and price to maximize the value of the assets that we’ve got. Based on the visibility of that we’ve got today, we’re not anticipating anything going outside of that range. Our incentives this last quarter did go down and we’re balancing that in every community we’ve got across the nation.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, probably the toughest thing out there to control, Ivy, is the volume going through the municipalities. The towns and cities still haven’t staffed up to date to handle the volume of the activity. And with regard to that, even on the housing side, there is buffers that we have to go through in order to get the approvals, not just the approvals on paper but the site approvals, the inspections. And fortunately we’re blessed because we have really great people. They try to stay ahead of it. The land development business is all about timing and knowing what to do, when to do it and what to expect. And I think we just have good people.
Rick Beckwitt: Steve, it’s Rick. We have continued to get in those two deals north of the 200 basis points spread on cap versus yield on cost. You’re somewhat in the ballpark with regard to proceeds. There were two different sales and the returns were really off the charts.
Rick Beckwitt: Starting with the hurdle rate, I don’t think it does. Everything’s been underwritten to that kind of IRR for us given that – remember that the structures allow us to promote as we work through the waterfall. With regard to potential sales for 2015, it’s probably going to be in the neighborhood of five to six apartment communities. We may see one in the first half of the year and the balance in the latter half of the year. The heaviest quarter would be the fourth quarter.
Rick Beckwitt: Hi, Bob, it’s Rick. As we said in the past, we have been very focused on that first-time buyer and maybe I’ll give you a little bit of color as to what we’ve been doing over the last year and how it will play out in our operations within the next 12 months. We really view that first-time buyer as a sub 175, sub $200,000 price point. And let’s just take Texas as an example. As we move into 2015, under 200,000 we’ll have about 26% of our communities. In Dallas, it will be about 20%, Austin the same and the same with San Antonio. So we’ve been putting these positions together over the last year to really target that buyer. It’s a little bit tougher to get under 175, much, much tougher because of the land cost to get under 150, but we do view that as a very viable piece of the business. We still will have the higher price stuff, but you’ll start to see that move through in our closings.
Jon Jaffe: Michael, it’s Jon. I would add to that that it clearly is a community by community focus and one of things that gives us comfort that we have the visibility in the fourth quarter is our Everything’s Included program which gives us a different value proposition for the consumer so that we can compete against incentive programs that other builders may have and continue to our pace and pricing strategy.
Jon Jaffe: Just to add to that, what we’re trying to articulate quarter-to-quarter is that we are going to define this business as a merchant-build business in order to prove the power of this backlog that we’ve been creating. You’re seeing the first evidence of that. This is a proving ground for what we have in our pipeline to demonstrate that number one, we have a strong pipeline; number two, we can design, build, lease-up, stabilize properties. And as we prove this property after property to a broader market, I think that the next thing that we will focus on is the opportunity that’s embedded in this pipeline of product that’s very desirable to the investment markets and we’ll take that opportunity and wrap some kind of a fence whether it’s a REIT or whether it’s a private equity program around it and have further monetization. But we said very clearly that step number one is to prove the platform and I think that we’re – you’re starting to see the proof.
Jon Jaffe: Bob, El Toro has remained very strong since we opened in October. We’re 80% sold out of 726 homes from the various builders in a very short period of time that covered the slowest part of the season as well. We’ve seen just continued strength in that market. Irvine is a very desirable location and we see strong demand from builders’ interest in our next phase there. In San Francisco, we haven’t opened models yet. That will happen later this quarter, but we’ve seen strong success with our presales which is just a very quiet program but steady demand, steady traffic, steady sales activity and a building interest. So we’re very encouraged by the early signals that we see there as well.
Bruce Gross: Not a lot of significant differences in monthly sequentially. It follows the normal season pattern for the summer. July was probably the strongest month, but June and August were very healthy both on pace and price.
Bruce Gross: Yes, I guess I’d add one other thing is if you look at our land spend this year and fiscal 2014, you saw we were heavier in the first quarter and it’s been ticking down. First quarter we’re about 500 million, this last quarter we’re about 272 million. Contrary to that we’ve had increased spend on the development side and it really goes back to the opportunistic purchases that we had in the previous years and now we’re developing that property. We’re fortunate to not have to go out and buy land today and consistent with what we’ve said in the past, what we’re doing is we’re working with sellers out there and helping them entitle their land, tying it up without having to put actual dollars out. So that’s another example of the soft pivot that we’re doing.
Bruce Gross: Steve, this is Bruce. I’ll take that one. As you look at the community count growth and if you look at the SG&A numbers that we talked about today, the increased communities was the smaller portion of the explanation. So as we go forward, we are expecting to get the leverage and again, we’ve kind of laid out how we get that operating leverage because most of the growth is coming from existing divisions or existing communities. So we do expect to get that leverage and we don’t expect it to be deferred into some future year. We expect next quarter to get some leverage and going into 2015 to get additional leverage.
Bruce Gross: Well, I think it starts with we already have a national platform. So as you’re comparing across the field, our focus for growth isn’t needing to go into new markets and that’s the more expensive component of SG&A. So in the past we did a lot of aggressive growing in the last decade and we’ve consolidated in the markets we want to be in and we’re now about 30 divisions. Our growth going forward is primarily coming from those 30 divisions where the incremental SG&A is around 7%. And I think that’s probably the biggest differentiator as we think about our program. That’s where most of the leverage will come from.
Stuart Miller: I’d just say, Michael, I think that what we’ve been seeing is that the market is tending to move a little bit around; a little bit up, a little bit down. You get that sense on a weekly basis and on a monthly basis. But the trend line is decidedly upward and as I’ve said – I probably said it three times in my remarks, it’s a gentle upward slope and you’ve got upward and downward movement around that kind of direction. And I think that’s what we’re seeing basically in our sales as we go through the months and through the weeks.
Stuart Miller: Eli that’s a top-of-mind question but it’s still a question that’s a little bit off in the future. We’re still we think deep in the midst of the investment cycle in the business. As I noted, the shallow upward recovery is a very solid backdrop for us to continue investing. I think it lends itself to a longer duration upwardly trending market. And we do continue to invest in significant land assets. What our pivot has really reflected more recently is that we’re kind of pulling down the duration of land that were purchasing and it is a slow process and one that is going to present itself over the next couple of years. But think in terms of over the next period of time, we’ll continue investing our capital in growing our business forward and just making sure that we’re not getting out over our skis in duration exposure. With that said, as we do become more cash flow positive and we will, as our ancillary businesses do start returning capital as we’ve already seen with Rialto and as we’ll start to see with some of the others as well, and as we lighten up on the percentage of our revenues that we’re reinvesting in land, cash will start to turn decidedly positive. And I think that we will take somewhat of an opportunistic view of the market thinking strategically about how to best deploy that capital, whether it’s in the form of dividends, stock buyback or some other form of investment, we’re going to keep an open mind and the management team will be considering it.
Stuart Miller: Starting with your first question, Ivy, I think you know well that I hold the competitive landscape in very high regard and I think that everybody’s – the large well capitalized builders, the strategies of the competitive field are all strong and viable and somewhat differentiated. Our strategy, which we’re quite pleased with, is very focused on a combination of good strategic land purchases and really hands-on community by community management. So as you know we got out ahead of the market in terms of land acquisition. We bought great strategic communities in really well located positions and we’ve been able to really leverage the harvesting of those communities, continue to leverage the community positions that we have. But I think that maybe the equally important component of this is our management structure and management team is very focused on a community by community basis of managing every day and the balance between volume, margin, SG&A spend, all of the components that drive and add to the decision making about pricing and incentives and everything else. The decisions are made on a daily basis in the field. They’re made cooperatively between division president, regional president and Rick and Jon respectively. It’s just a very active management program that is vibrant and very connected to the market in general. So that’s our structure and our program and we’ve been very pleased to be able to be balanced in the way that we approach the business to date. I think that you can expect a lot more of the same. As it relates to community count, it does get a little bit more difficult to develop communities going forward. I think that we’re pretty well advantaged by having loaded up on our community count early and gotten into the development and whatever entitlement necessities that were earlier. With that said, it’s still difficult to bring community count online. As I’ve told you and others before, community count is one of the most elusive parts of our business and it’s part of our balance. It takes a lot executive management to keep focused on it. I think we do an excellent job but it’s the component of business that continues to be a difficult part of management. Rick, maybe you’d want to add to that.
Stuart Miller: But more specifically to the question that you were asking, Steve, historically we were configured with multiple divisions in the same market. We’ve walked through that with many and we were about 124 different operating divisions across the country; sometimes two or three divisions in one geography. We used the downturn as an opportunity to really rethink the configuration of our operating platform and I think that Rick and Jon have done an extraordinary job of putting leadership in place in geographical places where we’re not going to have to expand into multiple divisions in order to grow this time. Instead, we think that we’re going to be able to comfortably grow. We’ll add a few divisions as we get larger and as geographies get a little bit stretched. But right now we’re 30 divisions. We were at a 124 and we might end up with 35, 40 divisions as we grow our volumes back remembering that the largest opportunity to grow volume and to leverage overhead still remains in recapturing a traditional four homes per community per month absorption rate, and we still haven’t seen that growth. So the ability to leverage overhead directly derives from the way that we’re structured today and we think that we have a hearty focused structure that can bear a lot more growth.
Stuart Miller: In the short term, as we’ve said in the past, Steve, we’re in a build to sell mode. We’ve been dealing with third parties; buying the land, starting a venture, constructing, developing and then selling the asset once it’s stabilized. And we’ve had two of those to-date. I think as we move forward into 2015, given that we’ve got ventures set up with the 19 things that are under construction or completed at this point in time, you’ll see a similar type of trajectory on those assets. We have not retained an ownership interest. We are working on some things where we hopefully will be able to maybe get a profit as well as continue to have an ownership interest but we haven’t set that up yet.
Stuart Miller: There’s no question we could one way or the other. The true magic is can we get both and that’s what we’re focused on to create a platform where we can generate the income so it’s great for our stockholders on a current basis and predictable, but still have an ownership piece in these assets as NOI as we go forward.
Stuart Miller: Well, it’s an interesting question, Steve. The first thing that we have to recognize is that we live in a competitive world and a competitive field, and so in part we can be self determined and in part we still have to recognize what the competitive field is doing. So to the extent that the field moves in a direction, i.e. ramping up brokerage fees in order to keep within the acceptable ranges with the brokers, we might have to move in that direction too. I do recognize that our business is defined at a very local level. So in some markets you’re seeing some of the competitors move very much in favor of ramping up brokerage fees. I think that our view and the way that we’ve run our business is we’re probably behind others in how they’ve ramped up, but we still want to stay in the good graces of the brokerage community, so we really can’t fall too far behind in those select communities. So it really kind of comes down to the mechanisms by which some of the competitors might at moment in time in specific locations decide that they need to ramp up volume. So you’re seeing some of that move around as people define their business and define their strategies. And it’s not our preferred direction in terms of managing the pact, but at the same time we want to make sure that we stay in the good graces of the brokerage community. They are a vital part of our business.
Stuart Miller: Again, I just want to highlight that the way the question is framed, it’s almost like a national question and it is a very local kind of activity that we all average up to the national level. But what I really want to keep in your mind and people’s mind is that the market itself is kind of moving gently upwards but up and down along the way. And it has caused some and in some markets to really try to focus on driving volume at moments in time. So I think I would answer your question by saying that at times, it does get a little bit overheated both in incentives and in the fee for brokers. And at other times it curtails backwards. So it’s a moving evaluation rather than one that’s static and consistent. So I think a lot of it depends on – a lot of the answer to your question depends on how the market kind of gyrates up and down and people need to drive sales or competitors need to drive sales. It gets a little frothy at times; it pulls back. We try to remain pretty consistent and not move just directly in response but remember as it relates to brokers, we’re trying to stay in the game and make sure that we remain in the good graces in that part of our business.
Stuart Miller: I just want to go back to something I said in our opening remarks. We haven’t at all neglected the first-time buyer market. About 30% of our business overall is kind of geared towards that first-time buyer. We have that cork squarely in the water. Rick and Jon have been very focused on positioning the company to participate as that market returns, but let’s not underestimate. It’s still very difficult for that market to get reignited until we start to see a little bit more movement in terms of access to the mortgage market remembering that there are really three barriers to the first-time buyer coming back. First, it’s the down payment. Then it’s the very stiff underwriting and the bank overlays relative to accessing mortgage credit. And then finally the process itself has become fairly invasive, at least as far as people see the process and feel the process. And every time I say this to a group, there’s at least three or four people in the group that raise their hand and say, yup, I know what you mean by invasive. So the process is almost designed to scare people away. The barriers are a little bit steep right now. It’s going to moderate. And as I noted, we’ve got our cork squarely in the water and we’re ready to participate as the market really comes back in earnest.
Stuart Miller: I think, David, that number one, the credit landscape is as I’ve basically described and that is deposit, credit underwriting and then the nature of the process, all being kind of defined and where they are. There has been some loosening of the credit underwriting at the margin, but it hasn’t been as significant as some has been reported. We stay very close to the customer in the field, we see who is coming in, we see what their commentary is. Remember that the rental market has accelerated in terms of its monthly payment requirement, it’s cost of living and that’s really driving people to say, I want to buy a home, I’d like to fix my cost, I’d like to find access to the mortgage market. So we’re watching what happens as they come in and staying very close to the purchaser in the field. Now with that said, the barriers are high and over time the market adjust to those barriers. People start saving, more down payment. They find a way; they get help from family. They start focusing on credit statistics as rental rates go up and they become more volatile because each year there is a re-pricing. People become ignited to get their credit credentials buffed and polished and ready for underwriting. They take a deep breath and they prepare themselves to go through the mortgage process. So you have two things kind of going in opposite directions. People are becoming more prepared and the mortgage market is opening up at the margins. And the only thing that we can really do is stay very close to the purchaser in the field, see what they’re seeing, feeling and finding as they try to access the new home market and use that as a guide post for really diving in and participating. Now, we’ve highlighted that we’ve gone out, we’ve tied up properties and positions that enable us to access the first-time market as it really starts to come back and we’re already very involved in the market. But the indicators to us that it is time to really start focusing on that market will come from the field at a very granular level.
Stuart Miller: I think there is a reality right now and that is the credit landscape is tight. It’s not just tight for the purchaser looking to gain access to the mortgage market but it’s also been very tight for smaller builders and for traditional land developers to get back in the market and to do the things that they do. So I think the larger, well-capitalized builders with access to the land market in a more comprehensive way have been able to pick up market share and that is something that seems like it’s continuing going forward. Of course, the small builders are resourceful and find their way to participate, but I still think that the larger builders have a distinct advantage in the current market condition and I do believe that the pickup of market share is sustainable and will continue. I know you said that the pie is fairly static. It feels like over time the pie is going to be gently expanding as well, but with a gently expanding pie I think that you’re going to see pickup in market share as well.
Stuart Miller: Okay. You’re welcome. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. We’re sorry for those who weren’t able to get on. Of course, Bruce is available today to answer calls and we look forward to reporting again the end of our fourth quarter. Thank you.
