Stuart A. Miller: Wow. That's a lot of questions in one, Alan. But let me see if I can attack that. First of all, as it relates to stock performance, as a management team, we're highly focused on operational performance in the company, and the investor community is going to have to interpret things as they might. We, of course, have pretty much gotten out ahead of the rest of the market in terms of land acquisition and -- okay, so let me just continue. So we've gotten out ahead in terms of land acquisition and margin enhancement, and we've had pretty strong margin growth early on in the recovery cycle. So we've enjoyed, I think, a pretty good program relative to our position within the industry and our stock price as well. Perhaps that subsides it [ph] a little bit. I'm not really sure and, of course, interest rates have kind of altered the landscape for the entire industry, at least over the short term. As it relates to our fundamental business, we've said consistently, our primary driver is and continues to be our Homebuilding operation. We are extremely well-positioned from a land standpoint. We're well-positioned in terms of margin generation, and our management team really is hitting on all cylinders. With that said, our ancillary businesses are really well-positioned for future growth and for future contribution. Frankly, I have not been more excited than I am today about the prospects for Rialto, and as well, the prospects for our multifamily, even given the increase in interest rate that we've seen and the changing environment. Rialto has morphed from an on-balance sheet to a private equity model. In doing so, you're seeing fewer earnings flow through to the bottom line right now. That will change over time as our press starts to be brought into earnings in the future. But as it relates to our Fund 1 performance, it has been nothing short of exceptional, and Fund 2, monies are already starting to be invested. We are providing capital for commercial real estate financings and other positions within capital stack [ph] . We think that this is business is going to continue to grow, and is going to be a very exciting part of our story going forward. As far as the rental apartment properties division is concerned, we have a growing pipeline, growing from $1.5 billion to $2 billion in properties that are going to be coming online. As I noted in my opening comments, we have 5 properties under construction. And I think in the context of a market that is short on dwelling units overall, people are going to be looking to purchase because the monthly payment is lower, if you're able to purchase. But if not, there's a growing demand for rentals, and we think that rental rates are going to continue to be pushed up higher. So even with interest rates going up, we feel pretty comfortable about the rental community development as well.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, Ivy, the first thing that I'd say is that rates have been at historically low levels. They're reverting, and maybe they're actually starting a movement, or maybe it will ebb and flow a little bit. But they're going to ultimately revert to more normalized levels. Now, but you can't look at the interest rate in isolation. We have to be looking at interest rate in the context in which they're moving, which means an improving economy, an improving employment picture. We are seeing labor shortages across the country, not just for the homebuilders and people in the field, but for manufacturers and distributors. We're hearing from all of those people that, not only are there labor shortages, but wages are moving up in order to get people off the sofa and back into the field. And this portends good things for demand for housing, both on the for-sale and the rental side. Interest rates that are moving higher in the context of economic improvement, employment improvement, at the same time, really reflects a healthy economy and a healthy movement. And for housing, in general, has historically meant that housing is going to thrive, as more people are able to afford to buy or to rent and to match-up with the supply that is available. And of course, right now, we're looking at a supply shortage, so that means that even in the context of rising rates and a better economy, we're likely to see price increases and rental increases as well.
Stuart A. Miller: I think I'd be looking to next year, and we haven't given guidance on the magnitude of the carried interest. But we are becoming more enthusiastic about our prospects in all of our fund investing. And I think that we'll have to ask for you to be patient, until we have better clarity to bring to the market.
Stuart A. Miller: A lot of the capital activities will be wholly-owned. So it will be -- some of that will be split between the private equity and the on-balance sheet. But the operations that are kind of the natural evolution of that business, the conduit activities, the origination side, is generally on-balance sheet. The purchase of securities and special servicing is going to flow more through the private equity, so it's kind of split.
Stuart A. Miller: Let me just add to that and say that there are a lot of different stories out there. I think in part, there has been a more conservative approach to using all of the buying power, as Rick just described. But additionally, this decoupling that is going on, people having been 2 generations under one roof during the downturn, and unwinding that has really enabled the generation that's moving out and finding its own new shelter to save money, to reposition their credit, and to be positioned to be able to purchase. That new entrant into the marketplace, or reentrant into the marketplace, as the case may be, is positioned to be able to make a lot of choices because they've saved some money and they've gotten their credit history in good position to be able to afford something. And the important thing right now, Steve, is the relationship between monthly payments in for-sale relative to monthly payments for rent, is really a driver and very compelling for people to find a way to afford as much as possible on the for-sale side.
Stuart A. Miller: I think, Stephen, pretty much across-the-board, affordability right now is at a place where the markets are going to -- look, we all recognize that there isn't a national housing market and each market is local and unique unto itself. But I think that affordability is in such a comfortable place right now, that when you ask about market susceptibility to interest rate movement, if you're in a range of moderate increases in interest rates, as we have seen, I think that all markets, pretty much across-the-board, are going to continue to be reasonably strong. So I wouldn't differentiate the markets unless you saw some kind of violent move in interest rates, which I'm just not projecting at this point.
Stuart A. Miller: I just want to say, David, I think you might have gotten it right in the beginning when you said this question might not be answerable. I think at the end of the day, this is a new environment. We're going to have to wait and see how it unfolds in terms of -- every part of the market kind of interacts with other parts of the market. The move-up buyer historically has been selling a home to a first-time buyer in order to move up. Right now, the move-up buyer is coming out of mom and dad's home or a coupled environment. So we have a new evolution this time around. I think that one of the other defining components of this particular market recovery is the fact that we are dealing with a housing shortage overall, both on the rental side and on the single-family side. And so some that might be move-ups have to look at rentals, but rental rate is high, so instead they go for something that's smaller in nature and more affordable. It's going to be interesting to see how it evolves, and I don't think there's a clear answer.
Stuart A. Miller: I was watching CNBC as the CEO of LendingTree was talking yesterday, and I watched him struggle with some of the same questions. It's hard to put your finger on exactly where the loosening is taking place. I don't know if the customer is coming to the table better prepared with more down payment and more documentation, or if it's the lenders that are really opening the doors a little bit. But it's at the margins, and it's hard to identify exactly where the loosening is taking place, but it is. More people are getting approved, more people are finding their way to mortgage approval, and I think it's a trend that we're going to continue to see. Appraisals are clearly loosening up as part of the process as well. So I think the important thing to do is to look backwards a year or 1.5 years. And if you look backwards, you see we've come quite a long way in terms of people finding access to the mortgage markets. I think, as we look to next week and next month, it's hard to see where those incremental moves are going to come from. But I think a year from now, we're going to continue to see loosening and reversion to normal underwriting standards as markets, the financial markets, governmental markets, become more and more comfortable with an improving and recovering housing market overall. I think the overlays are just going to dissipate very -- at the margins.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay. Well listen, thanks, everyone, for joining us. As you can see, we're pretty enthusiastic about our positioning as it relates to the future, and we feel pretty strongly that the housing recovery is intact and likely to continue for some time to come. Thanks for joining us, and we'll report back at the end of next quarter.
Richard Beckwitt: I guess the only thing I'd add, too, is all the time we've been expensing startup costs associated with these businesses and our pretax income has doubled on a year-over-year basis, and our margins are up on a year-over-year basis. So I think we've been a good steward of the capital.
Richard Beckwitt: It's Rick. As we were coming out of the downturn and people were trying to get a sense of footing of where the economy was going, I think they didn't put everything they could into the home. They left a little bit on the table. They wanted to feel and see the economy improving. And we've seen, over the last 12 months, incremental changes in the type of spec level that we've been putting in our homes, given the fact that people have a little bit more appetite and purchasing power today than they had a year ago. But the other thing that sometimes gets skewed as you look at it from a lofty level, is that it's a different mix of buyers every day out there. And while we try to draw some comparisons on a trend line, it's real difficult to do because you have different groups of people, different products at any point in time that are for sale. But generally speaking, you're correct. There is increased purchasing power today, notwithstanding the fact that people had that muscle before.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, Steve, It's Rick. As we've shared with you before, and Steve -- and Stuart highlighted on the call earlier, we've been way ahead here. I can tell you that while we're continuing to look for opportunities where we can feather in some things for the balance of 2013 if they fall in our lap, or early 2014, mid-2014, the lion's share of what we're looking for is 2015 and 2016. So with that said, a dramatic shift in the land environment, for us, would possibly be a good thing because it would create some turmoil out there in the market. From a general perspective, as we're looking at those type of opportunities, given the long runway that has to happen through entitlement or processing, and zoning, and those type of things, the values for those assets are still incredibly wholesale opportunities. So we probably wouldn't approach it in a different way, we might be a little bit more cautious. But given that's where we're looking, it wouldn't dramatically change what we're doing.
Richard Beckwitt: More often than not, what we're doing is we're working with the owner of the land, putting it under contract, giving them a small amount of earnest money, and helping them with the entitlement process by using our intellectual capital and expertise with the cities as currency.
Richard Beckwitt: Steve, it's Rick. I think it's more of a price-point issue as opposed to a market issue. I think when you get down into that sub-120 price point, if there is interest rate moves or confidence issues, then that business starts to get a little bit more difficult. Similarly, although most people would say that at the high-end of the market, those buyers don't necessarily need a mortgage, they're sophisticated buyers and they're getting one. And a movement in interest rate tends to, after time, affect the very high end. Given the fact that we're a first-time, move-up, middle-market, and some of our things are sort of second-time move-up, we think that we're pretty well insulated, to a large degree, from interest rate movements in the market.
Richard Beckwitt: And David, one other thing I'd say is this may be a different set of cards this time. And the reason I'd say that is there was such deferred purchasing. You're seeing an older group of first-time buyers coming into the market that may have double income associated with that. So I'm not sure you can truly draw parallels to what happened in the past, although I'm sure that someone can.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure, Jade. This is Bruce. I think as you look at the next quarter, I would expect a similar type of SG&A percentage as we had this quarter, and a little bit more leverage as we go into the fourth quarter, as we expect to have more deliveries in Q4. So we'll see what that percentage is. But figure flat next quarter, and a little bit of improvement going into Q4.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure, Steve, it's Bruce. We're still seeing approximately 200-basis-point increase in gross margins from the new communities we've purchased since 2008. Now the legacy communities are still doing well from a gross margin perspective, but the new communities are about 200 bps higher.
Bruce E. Gross: One other thing I'd add to that, David, is one area that we are seeing some improvement is with the mortgage insurers. So there's a greater percentage of mortgage insurers coming back in, and that's allowing somebody that previously was going for a 20% down with a conventional mortgage, you're now seeing the ability to have lower down payments, and we see that that's likely to increase even further as we go forward.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure. Spreads have been at high levels compared to historical norms. So we're expecting that, that will be the case as we go into the second half of this year. We haven't seen a lot of that yet, but the expectation should be that, that will be moderate as we go through the rest of 2013.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Yes, Stephen, it's Jon. El Toro should see its next delivery homesites in 2014, about a year out from this first group that was just delivered. It would be a similar size, perhaps a little bit larger. What we just closed recently was about 725 homesites, and you should see an offering about once a year coming out of El Toro. In San Francisco, we just broke ground this month at Hunters Point, with product -- that product is being built within the venture, and you should see actual home deliveries from that in about 14 to 18 months.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon. As Rick said, our -- primarily, what we're delivering is in the middle market. So as you're dealing with those people who are just trying to enter the market for the first time, that really didn't have a big impact on our business. And as you look at markets like California, which tend to do very well on the upswing, the big price movements, you're not in that price point anyway, even in the Central Valley. You're starting in the mid-2s to $300,000 price points.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon. For example, lumber has just come down recently, but the way that the pricing works is that will affect our starts in this quarter and our deliveries into the fourth quarter and first quarter. So you'll see a trend up until those deliveries hit. Other products have been relatively flat. Of course, some commodities are down, like copper. So on one side, you have pressure from labor, that's pushing cost up. And then on the materials side, things tend to be plus or minus flat, with the exception of lumber, as I just mentioned, which came down for panels about 25% and dimensional lumber about 15%.
