Stuart Miller: No. They are of various sizes. It just so happens that we've had some smaller portfolios that we've been able to nail down a little bit earlier. We are actually working on some larger portfolios at the same time. And it will be interesting to see, but we think that there will be some large ones out there that do trade.
Stuart Miller: Yes. I think that the pipeline is very active right now. I don't think that prices are out of control at all. I don't think that prices are being bid up. There are actually fewer competitors today than there were a year ago for portfolios. And we think that there's going to be a lot more out there as banks and the FDIC continue to sell off assets that need to be resolved. In terms of the underlying operating expenses, we're seeing very strong operating leverage. The most expensive part of building an organization is what happens in the beginning. As we add new portfolios, the SG&A associated with new portfolios is materially lower than it was in the beginning, and we think we'll continue to see strong profitability derived from that in the future.
Stuart Miller: Well, David, at the core of Everything's Included is market research and understanding exactly what people are looking for. And by necessity, the answer to that question is it's going to be different for every market and every submarket. So our operating teams go out, research in each market what the appetites are in that local market and what people are looking for. What we try to do is include in the home the things that people would choose if they had the right -- if they were making choices on their own. And in doing so, by having those things included, we're pricing them into the home, pricing them into all of the homes and making the construction process a lot easier. But the specific answer to your question is that it varies from market to market. And the appetites of local customers are going to determine which specific items go into the home.
Stuart Miller: Actually the trendline on incentives has been going down into the month. And it really has followed that path sequentially through last quarter as well.
Stuart Miller: Look, that land is at limited supply, but I think that we've been able to source new land opportunities that have enabled us to continue to maintain our margin and have really given us an advantage. Will it be sustainable going forward with the headwinds surrounding volume and pricing? Look, there's clearly some pressure out there. But as Jon said, it's what we do everyday. We focus on maintaining that gross margin by buying the next community at the right price, by managing our cost structure and making sure that we're driving our gross margin to the highest level possible.
Stuart Miller: Well, Josh, we keep our view pretty tight to where the market is right now. We don't try to look out too far and make predictions about where the market is going to be and how it might reconcile. The comment that I was really making is that comps in the first half of the year are going to be pretty tough because you're comparing to the accelerated sales, the pull forward of sales, that related to the tax credit that was in place last year. And that will probably be, I would say, through April, May. And then as you go to the back half of the year, the sales that were pulled forward resulted in a later sales pace at the back end of the year. So the comparisons should be better. And as soft as a data point as this is, I think it is relevant that people start to see comparisons that are favorable and they start to get a little bit of confidence about the housing market in general. And that reflects positively on the market overall. So my comment was really more about the comparisons and the fact that we'll probably get some more positive data points as we get to the second half of the year. It was less a comment about sales pace picking up in the back half of the year.
Stuart Miller: All right. And just to that point, let me say the benefits of our EI program are really, really strong in a lot of different areas. It's not only a value proposition and an ability to get our costs down, it also enables us to really enhance our cycle time and run an efficient business.  With that said, let me just conclude by saying that we are really pleased with our overall operating strategy as we sit right now in current market conditions. The market is soft, and these are tough times. From an operating strategy standpoint, our Homebuilding operations are lean, well positioned to remain profitable, as we go through these tough times. And our performance is augmented by our Rialto program, which is really hitting stride right now.  On the Rialto side, we are seeing numerous opportunities to make distress purchases. We think that those opportunities will get bigger and more plentiful as we go forward. We think that both the Homebuilding and the Rialto purchases will be benefited when the market turns around and starts to recover. So overall, we like the position that we're in right now with strong Homebuilding operations and a complementary Rialto program.  We look forward to reporting to you on our progress as we go forward. Thanks for listening.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, I guess talking about March first versus the quarter, we generally don't like to give intra-quarter guidance. But given that that’s what everybody focuses, I can say that pretty much across the board, the March to date numbers are better than what we recorded with regard to orders growth for last quarter. We saw a pickup in activity sequentially from December, January, February and that was pretty much across all markets.
Richard Beckwitt: There were few communities that came in sourced by Rialto that were then closed on the Homebuilding side. I would tell you that of the 56 new gross communities that we did during the quarter, probably about 15% where sourced by Rialto.
Richard Beckwitt: We were relatively close to plan for the quarter. We had some divisions that exceeded plan. We had some that met plan and some that fell short.
Richard Beckwitt: Texas continues to be a tough market to operate in. Competition there is fierce. Credit challenged buyers are an issue. And we're working hand-in-hand with the mortgage company to get people qualified. It was sort of a mixed bag throughout Texas. There were parts of Texas that actually showed some year-over-year growth. But our largest market, Houston, was off. What we can say is that we've seen some pricing stabilization in the market, and we've had some recent success in working with credit-challenged buyers.
Richard Beckwitt: On the cost side, the biggest drivers right now are lumber pricing increases and a little bit of pressure on copper. We've seen some downward revisions or downward adjustments in some of the other materials. Net-net, we're probably running $200, $300, $400 a home higher in material costs than where we were last quarter. The unknown is are there going to be any increases in delivery costs with the rise in gasoline prices. But on a net basis, we've done such a tremendous job in working with the trades on efficiency of process and cycle time to eliminate their downtime at the site that we think that we’ll be able to really offset those things, and they should be modest.
Richard Beckwitt: Florida was up in the quarter for us. I think some of that, Ivy, is due to more to the communities that we've got, the submarkets within markets. And we're benefiting from some of those strategic deals that we put together. But net up in the quarter...
Richard Beckwitt: Within Florida, probably that central area is the softest part of Florida, sort of Tampa, Orlando. And southwest, if you're in the right location in that Naples, Sarasota, part of that curve of the communities that we've got, the big master plan, those are doing fine. Southeast Florida is fine if you're in the right place.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, pressure on pricing is the pressure of the competition out there. We're subject to what other homebuilders are selling their homes for. And we're trying to maximize the value for the homes and working to get appraisal values up because that's the thing -- that's the headwind in us being able to nudge prices up month-to-month to month-to-month because you're dealing with some stale comps out there. As far as incentives, what we found through some marketing and some strategic things that we're doing in our sales centers that through the packaging that we've done with our Everything's Included product, we've been able to decrease the incentives that we've had to do in order to get people to sign the contract. So it's really not an inconsistent statement. We're dealing with pricing pressure in the market, but I think that our product is positioned well in the market to maximize value.
Richard Beckwitt: Traffic's been mixed. We have gained an increase in the number of people coming through the communities clearly since the December, January time frame. You'd expect that with that being the time of the year. And the number of people coming through are not just looking. They want to buy a home. As Stuart said in his remarks earlier, that the biggest issue we have is getting them qualified. But traffic is up. We'd like to see more people. So if anyone's looking for a home, come to our sites.
Richard Beckwitt: As far as spec strategy, I wouldn't be alarmed by the flat level of specs versus prior quarters. Given the fact that we’ve started up operations in a lot of new communities over the last couple of quarters, we want to get some product on the ground in order to deliver. And if you look at just the last quarter, we had about, I don't know, 10%, 12% of our total community universe where new communities that were added during the quarter on a gross basis. So it's really just product placement within new operations to get them going.
Richard Beckwitt: And on the deal flow side, we continue to see -- actually not see, go find and seek out decent opportunities, given the hand-in-hand relationship that we have with Rialto, we've got doors open at places where not a lot of other folks are shopping. Some of the low hanging fruit in the brokerage deals has been chewed through. But we still see a pipeline of opportunity out there that we're pursuing.
Richard Beckwitt: On the gross margin side, I believe that’s close to that 20% number whether it's up 1% or down 1%, that's the zip code that we're operating in right now. And if we get a little bit of back wind or tailwind, we'll be able to push that number. And I think that's probably too big a range for you. But it's right around that 20% number is I think a decent number. On SG&A, Stephen, we're running pretty lean. We wanted to deliver more homes in the quarter than we did. I think sequentially through the year that, that percentage should go down. And I think that we're comfortable. If we need to make more cuts, we'll make more cuts.
Richard Beckwitt: On the percentage of backlog in a perfect world, we'd like to presell everything, Josh, but that's not this market today. People want to see what home they're getting so they can feel like they're negotiating for value and that -- so as the market shifts to a normalized market where you get a higher level of pre-sales, you'll see that backlog conversion rate come down on a percentage basis just by definition.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, a lot of it is by definition is the results of the EI business model that we've got. We don't have to tinker around with trying to backfill an option request for a customer coming in the door. So from an efficiency standpoint, we can build them pretty quick. As Bruce noted earlier, we do have one to two finished homes in each community that when they sell, they close quick. So you're seeing a backlog that is extremely fresh. And by definition of that, we can deliver it pretty quick.
Jonathan Jaffe: This is Jon. I would add to that, sort of specifically, some items we're seeing across all markets are items that focus on technology and on energy efficiency. And in that regard, we work with some of our larger vendors to -- once we identify through our market research what our consumers are interested in, work on packaging and on cost efficiency in delivering the products that they want at a great value.
Jonathan Jaffe: This is Jon. It's what we focus on everyday in the field, Rick and I, with the Regional Presidents and Division Presidents, and as you know, constant balance between maintaining margin and achieving an absorption that allows us to manage to a profitable level given our G&A. As you know, there's clearly some headwinds in terms of that velocity as well as cost pressures. And what we do is we battle everyday on the cost side, both in terms of land acquisition, land development and direct cost to maintain that margin. And there’s just going to continue to be that kind of day-to-day battle as we move forward until we have some pricing power.
Jonathan Jaffe: I think as Rick said, the quarter was sort of sequential. December as I think you all know from what's been reported in the news was an extremely difficult month and that was the beginning of our quarter. And so as we move through January and February, we did see some stabilization improvement compared to the beginning of the quarter.
Jonathan Jaffe: It may have been a little bit pulled forward, but I think that's pretty consistent with what you saw other builders report and market research companies report. December was pretty flat, Ivy, and it just felt a little bit better as we moved past the new year. But I think Stuart said in his general comments, it remains very soft out there. And from market to market we see different things happening. Some markets feel a little bit better, and you can definitely see some stabilization. Other markets remain very choppy.
Jonathan Jaffe: I'd say the weakest links are sort of the southwest if you look at the Phoenix, Vegas markets, very soft demand and very competitive. As Rick mentioned, Texas, particularly because of the big focus on first-time buyers, is very difficult. If you look in California, I would say Orange County, San Diego is the strongest performer. But that's just a stable market as compared to say Central Valley and Sacramento, which remain extremely weak. And then on the East Coast, if you look at the mid-Atlantic area up to D.C., probably some of the strongest markets in the country.
Jonathan Jaffe: It’s interesting, Ivy, if you look at the Mid-West, Colorado remains soft and Minnesota seems pretty healthy.
B. Gross: So the $13 million that you see in our press release, that's primarily gains on foreclosure of assets. So we have loans that as they go to foreclosure and they become REO, we have the fair value of the assets on our books. And because we purchase these portfolios wholesale, big discounts, when we fair value, we've so far been recognizing income as we fair value those assets, as they’re foreclosed. Now keep in mind, that $13 million, because we consolidate the FDIC portfolio, that's 100% of FDIC number, then we back out 60% in noncontrollable interest, so the real number is really 40% of that $13 million.
B. Gross: I'm going to give you the number, and then Rick will add on to this. So the unsold homes under construction are just under 2,000 for the quarter.
B. Gross: Let me take the first part of that question. You're right, $158 million and that got us 2,400 homesites. It also got us a couple of hundred acres, which I didn't mention. But the location was different. There was less in Texas and there were more in some of the coastal markets. We feel really good about the acquisitions that we made during the quarter. And we think as those communities open up, we will continue to see higher than company average margins as we work through those communities. So that's purely a function of geography.
B. Gross: Sure, only about $11 million went to Rialto this quarter, and that would have been our contribution or actual cash payment into the fund during the quarter. Most of it is land acquisition and development. And additionally, in our fourth quarter, as we went through the downturn and we tendered for some debt and we issued some new debt, it turns out that the December 1 payment that we make on our interest tends to be the highest of the year. So the interest payments during the quarter were higher than you'll see in our first and third quarters. So second and fourth quarters have higher interest payments than the first and third. And that's pretty much all of the difference.
