Bruce E. Gross: Thanks, David, and good morning. I'll provide a little more color to the results, starting with Homebuilding. Revenues from home sales increased 23% to $796 million, driven by a 20% increase in wholly owned deliveries and a 2% increase in average sales price to $250,000. The breakdown by region is as follows. The East region had an average sale price of $231,000, up 4%; Southeast Florida, $266,000, up 1%; Central Florida, $229,000, up 9%; Houston, $229,000, down 1%; the West region, $304,000, down 1%; and the other category, $321,000, down 17% due to product mix. Jon already highlighted the drivers of our strong gross margin performance and significant operating leverage during the quarter. The gross margins were strong in all of our regions this quarter, but they were strongest in the East and Southeast Florida regions. During the quarter, we had asset sales that were recognized in both the equity and earnings from unconsolidated subsidiary and other income lines. Although the joint venture asset sales resulted in a loss, the asset sales on the other income line had a profit. And combined, these 2 line items totaled $3.4 million of income in Q2, and that compares to $11.9 million in the prior year. Our Financial Services business segment generated operating earnings of $18 million versus $2.5 million last year. These are the strongest quarterly operating earnings for Financial Services since 2006. Mortgage pretax income increased to $17.2 million from $5.3 million in the prior year. This quarter's mortgage originations increased by 50% to $976 million. Our in-house mortgage capture rate of Lennar homebuyers was 77% this quarter. Originations with non-Lennar homebuyers increased 89% this quarter primarily due to an increase in the number of refinanced transactions as interest rates were under 4% for the quarter. Our title company had a $1.4 million profit in the quarter. And that compares with a loss of $2.2 million in the prior year as the volume of transactions increased by 39% this quarter. Our Rialto business segment generated operating earnings of $4.3 million. This number is net of $3.2 million of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest, and that compares to $9.8 million in the prior year. The composition of Rialto's $4.3 million of operating earnings by type of investment is as follows. The FDIC portfolios had a $3.2 million gain; non-FDIC portfolios had a $1.3 million gain; PPIP contributed $2.7 million; and the Rialto Real Estate Fund contributed $3 million of earnings. And that was all less by $5.9 million of G&A and other, which is net of management fees and reimbursements of $6.6 million. Our balance sheet liquidity improved in the second quarter with the completion of a $525 million 3-year unsecured revolving credit facility, of which $410 million was initially committed. As a result, our liquidity increased to $1.1 billion when adding our cash balance to the fully undrawn revolver. As David mentioned, our stockholders' equity increased significantly this quarter, which reduced our homebuilding net debt to total capital by 270 basis points. And our book value per share increased 17%, again, to $16.79. While it has not been customary for us to provide earnings guidance, I wanted to highlight a couple of items for the remainder of 2012. Our backlog conversion ratio, which has been running above 110% for the past few years, now with the large percentage of presales that Jon discussed and given the cycle time on these deliveries, a number of these homes will not close in the third quarter but rather in the fourth quarter. As a result, the backlog conversion ratio we expect for Q3 deliveries is between 85% and 90%. Additionally, we expect our gross margin percentage to range between 21% and 22.5% for the remainder of the year. With that, let's open up for questions.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure. Alan, this is Bruce. As you look at last year, the number was below normal. I think we're averaging close to $24 million a quarter last year. This year is $29 million. It's primarily due to stock-based compensation expense, as the stock has gone up. And some of the variable compensation expense also added to the G&A this quarter.
Bruce E. Gross: We haven't given exact guidance, but I would expect as our profits go up, variable compensation expense will as well. And as the stock prices increase, the stock compensation expense will also. So I would expect that it's likely to be higher than what you've seen in the past year for those reasons.
Bruce E. Gross: Well, the operating leverage is there in Financial Services, just like we're seeing with Homebuilding. I think the one thing to note is that there was a significant increase in volume, a lot of that attributable to refinance activity. So the refinance activity will be certainly lumpy depending on what happens with interest rates.
Bruce E. Gross: So again, just to go back to last quarter, what we said is in an existing community, when we go from 2 sales a month to 3 sales a month per community, the incremental operating margin is about 16%. And that was assuming the 21% gross margin and then the incremental SG&A expense of about 4.5% or so. So that type of incremental leverage was a little bit higher this quarter as the gross margin was a little higher than the 21%. So we still believe the incremental operating leverage in existing communities to be at about that level or possibly a little bit higher. In new communities, it's a little bit less because the SG&A expense is a little higher. You have to hire sales and construction people, bring on new models. And there, we typically say that the SG&A incrementally is 7% or 8%, so your incremental operating margin will be a little bit less. So we do expect that incremental operating leverage to continue.
Bruce E. Gross: The cumulative loss is something that is evaluated, but we're still in a cumulative loss position. So there has to be a significant positive [indiscernible] that comes into place, and it has to be significant while you're still in that cumulative loss position. So that was taken into account, but there was enough positive evidence that allowed us to reverse the DTA.
Stuart A. Miller: Steve, we've discussed this topic, certainly, at our presidents' meeting. And look, here's the good news. The good news is that the appraisal process, appraisals in general, have really gotten in line with the market. And the pendulum has kind of swung closer to normal than it was 6 months ago. Six months ago, appraisals just at market prices were really driving prices lower. And I don't -- we don't get the sense that, that's as much the case out in the field today. Now with prices starting to move up, there's clearly some stickiness, and there's going to be a process of kind of finding equilibrium and the appraisers getting a sense. They'll probably lag the market and be a little bit more conservative in their approach, and we're hearing instances of this. But over time, we think it's going to find its way to a realistic setting. And I think on average, I'd say I feel pretty optimistic about the appraisal side of things, finding equilibrium maybe a little bit ahead of the mortgage side.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, look, you highlight that we might have been a little bit earlier in reporting. I think that we're just, as a management group, very, very tightly connected with the field on a regular basis. And we're really just reporting very candidly the things that we're seeing, hearing and feeling as trends from the field. I think that it feels to us that right now, as I've said, it feels very much like we've hit a bottom and we're starting to come off of that bottom. I'm a little nervous about saying the word recovery. We'll see how things evolve over the next couple of quarters. And it will be easy for people to get a little bit ahead of the market. I don't think that there's reason for exuberance right now except for the fact that the beatings have stopped. But I think that we do have headwinds in the market, whether it's mortgage approvals, whether it's kind of remnant limitations from appraisals and prices moving up. I think that it would be easy for people to kind of get ahead of themselves in terms of the high point of home prices and where they can go quickly. I think that we're in for a steady recovery as one takes hold that is going to be slower than the V shape that people are used to. But at the same time, given the limitations on land, access to land and land availability, we are going to see, as the recovery does start to take hold, a move up in prices. So it's hard to say where people are getting ahead of themselves. I think it's a little bit too fresh. But I think that as in all recoveries, we are prone, as a group, to get a little ahead of ourselves. We're trying to keep things in check and stay very closely tied to the field.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay. David, I'm not going to name names, but I will say that certainly within the government there has been over the past year a recognition and awareness that housing, really, is a central issue and key to a recovery within the economy. And I think you see that really on both sides of the aisle. It doesn't mean that there aren't some people that feel that more and more tightening is required, and you hear some of those sentiments come out. But the more people have come to understand that housing is a very important key to driving employment and driving psychology improvements or sentiment improvements among the consumer, who, by and large, own homes, the feeling among many legislators is that the pendulum has swung too far and that the mortgage process has become overly cumbersome and been driven past the point of being safe and secure. And there is beginning to be some pushback. I think that if you were to speak to the people within Fannie, Freddie, FHA/VA, there's kind of a balancing point, let's say, that kind of goes like, "Hey, let's keep things conservative enough. Let's not get back to 0-down mortgages. Let's have a healthy downpayment. But let's also recognize that we've probably made the paperwork overly cumbersome." The credit scores were probably that requiring too high of a credit score for what's reasonable. And in order to get banks lending again, I think that there's a sentiment that we have to ease up a little bit. The last thing I want to say is, as I remember, last week it was that I saw an article that noted that the FHFA is starting to reconsider the putback requirements relative to some of the banks as it relates to Fannie and Freddie loans. And that is a really good indicator that political currents are kind of moving in the direction of saying, "Hey, if we can resolve or create safe harbors relative to putback risk, then we're going to define the landscape for banks and enable them to make a more comfortable lending decision as they go forward." And I think that's as good of an indicator as I can point to that the political world is really starting to get an understanding that we've probably swung too far to the conservative side.
Stuart A. Miller: Let me add to that. There are 2 components of land acquisition. Number one is finding the things to negotiate on, and number two is the way that you go about negotiating. I think it's very hard to just hire someone and to replicate. I think that what you've seen in our management team, whether it's Jon and Rick on the Homebuilding side, whether it's Jeff and Jay Mantz on the Rialto side, or Eric Feder as the bridge, so much of what we're able to identify is being driven by relationships, relationships that have been put in place over these past couple of years through the toughest of times. And there's a certain thickness to those relationships that is sticky and is really positioning us well. But a lot of what Rick highlighted as well is beyond just access to the deals. It's the way that our group has reacted to those deals that augments the relationship and basically feeds back to it. It's the speed at which we operate. It's the completeness with which we deal with people. It's the integrity that we bring to the table and the decision to do the homework in advance and not end up retrading and walking away from a whole bunch of deals that is really holding us in good stead as people look for certainty of close. So my personal view is that it's not easily replicatable [ph], and we're in an awfully good position right now.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes. I think the way that I look at it, Mike, is, first of all, as we kind of segregate out or think through the component parts of Rialto, PPIP is performing very well. Our private equity or private investment fund is performing extremely well. The area where we probably had the most kind of letdown is in some of our earlier portfolios where I think Jeff highlighted well the fact that because -- really what you're seeing is moral hazard at work. What we're seeing -- and we have a long history of dealing with borrowers and distressed debt. What we've been seeing is that the borrowers have taken a more adamant, obstinate position in dealing with the workout team and have almost just blocked the doors without any legal basis in coming or not coming to the resolution table. In many instances, they've been hiding behind pending legislation from either friends or legislative friends who they've engaged to try to get legislation to bail them out of what might be a bad contractual relationship or a bad personal guarantee. And so the resolution process has been somewhat frustrated and stymied by a longer resolution period and some additional legal cost in getting to where we had expected to be in our initial diligence. So timing is proving to be somewhat elusive. At the end of the day, what we're finding is that the legislative attempts and the attempts of borrowers to subvert their notes and personal obligations is ultimately falling by the wayside. And over time, we think that we're going to end up in the place that we thought we would end up, but those initial deals are not performing timing-wise the way that we had hoped that they would.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, look, I think that as I've noted, we've had some mild disappointments on timing relative to some of our earlier deals. But Rialto has been a grand slam home run for this company in terms of what it has done, in terms of positioning us to be able to grow and enhance our primary Homebuilding business, not just from the standpoint of access to deals because frankly, that's gone both ways. The relationships on the Lennar side have sometimes found new business for Rialto and sometimes very much in the opposite direction. But the knowledge base that our Rialto team has enhanced our homebuilding operations with in terms of the breadth of kinds of deals that we can undertake to purchase in order to get to land, whether it's CDD bonds, as Rick points out, or purchasing notes on assets or just having relationships with borrowers or people in the real estate business, we have leveraged the Rialto franchise as a very, very strong driver of Lennar business. Now this disentangling and getting to percentages of deals that derive from the Rialto side, the Lennar side and what percentage has the Rialto relationship actually played, we just can't break it out that way because it's kind of too organic. It's intertwined. And I've highlighted the work of Eric, Eric Feder, as the bridge between the 2 operating divisions. I mean, we have a very smooth and compatible relationship between both sides that's kind of amplifying the performance on both sides. As it relates to the performance of Rialto going forward, we have absolutely put together a blue-chip team of loan workout professionals that will be a platform for our business going forward, but we will recalibrate and get those operations working more in line with the way we expected in the beginning.
Stuart A. Miller: It's interesting that in our division presidents' meeting we went through each of our divisions. Each division president gives the presentation, and we're very carefully monitoring the progress of mothballed communities. And the answer is, yes, there are some that are starting to come online. And we actually have some pretty good examples of some that are really starting to contribute to our gross margin and bottom line.
Stuart A. Miller: Just a little bit, and it involves the trades either [ph]. But certainly, as is typical in market recoveries, sales go first, then starts, and then labor has to catch up to that.
Stuart A. Miller: No. First of all, I don't think that we're managing our deliveries. And I think that we've highlighted that we're very focused on generating strong margins, and so we've had a very measured approach to both sales and starts. I highlighted in my remarks that looking, watching our gross margins, you're seeing that we have a very carefully programmed approach to pricing our product, making sure that we're maintaining margins. So this has been something that's been consistent over the past years. In terms of what is affecting our backlog delivery ratio is the fact then we are -- we've seen a fairly aggressive strong move in sales. We are probably selling a higher percentage right now of unstarted homes, of homes that will take -- that will have more cycle time remaining in them. So as we face the third quarter deliveries, we recognize that we're simply not going to be able to deliver as high a percentage of the backlog, and this is just what we're seeing as we sit here today.
Stuart A. Miller: All right. Very good. We'll wrap it up here. I know that we took a little bit long with our opening remarks, but we wanted to cover a lot of ground. We certainly appreciate everybody joining us for our second quarter update and look forward to reporting our quarter -- on the third quarter. Thank you.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes. One thing I'd add to that, Steve, is that procedurally in the field, we raise it in small increments so it's easier to get the appraisal to get there. So it's tough to goose things by $5,000 or $10,000 in a month period. So you break it up into $1,000 to $2,500 increments. And we haven't seen a lot of resistance to that in the field.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, let's just be clear that it is a very competitive land environment. And as you highlight Rialto as a distinguishing factor, keep in mind that Rialto has taught a lot of our homebuilding divisions out here how to do these things in local markets. So it's really Rialto almost on steroids right now in the markets across the country. The things you need to think about is the DNA in Lennar has always been land oriented. And we look at things in a different way than many of the other builders. We're not averse to developing our own land or working with landowners to work on entitlements. And as a result, we don't have a need to just go in there and buy finished homesites because that's what our metrics are with regard to how we operate. So from a process standpoint, we are very nimble. We're fast. We don't have an enormous book-building process to get things reviewed at a local then a regional then a corporate level that takes 3 or 4 weeks or sometimes months. We can make those decisions relatively quickly. And with all of that in mind, I think that speed is a huge differentiator, as well as the ability to do things that are extraordinarily complex.
Richard Beckwitt: I think as we said in prior calls, from the beginning of the year we thought we'd be up about 5% to 10% from the community count we started in the year.
Richard Beckwitt: As far as the B, B-, I think with the improving market, all communities are starting to perform a little bit better. But clearly, the better-located A locations are capturing the lion's share of the activity. We're seeing increased demand out there. A lot of it has to do with the lack of availability of competing product, and that's given us the ability to raise prices and decrease incentives. And as Jon said earlier, our sales pace per community pretty much across the company has improved regionally and by each market.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, the competition, they're doing all sorts of things. I think everybody in the industry is trying to raise prices and trying to reduce incentives. And the success of our peers out there, I think you'll have to ask them with regard to what they're doing and how effective they are.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Josh, first, we don't break out our incentives and backlog to that level of detail. What we are seeing in the field is, I mean, this recovery is very localized. The downturn was very national, but as conditions improve in the field, it improves at different levels in different markets. So in some markets, we've been able to both reduce incentives fairly aggressively and even raise prices. In other markets, it's relatively flat and stabilized. But we are seeing that trend come down. Where a year ago we were about 12.5%. A year ago, we were at 12.5% in average sales price and incentives, and now we're down to 10.7%. We're seeing that steady decline, and I'd say that -- and it varies by area, but in the West, we'll probably see about 85% of our communities are able to achieve price or incentive improvement. And the Central is a little bit better than that, and on the East Coast, it's a little bit behind that.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon. As I said in my comments, we do feel that we've got cost control measures in place that will help offset what's happening in the field with pressure on labor and materials. We are very focused on incentives and sales prices. But as you look forward, those factors are going to -- those pressures in the field starts -- increase will continue to ramp up. And very hard to predict what the mix is, how that will affect what that gross margin is. And as we look to the different mix of deliveries from the markets changing in the 4 quarters, we feel pretty comfortable with the range that we gave.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Steve, this is Jon. I think as you're aware, Phoenix is a good example of the answer to your question where MLS listings dropped pretty dramatically. That, in turn, helped the pace of sales and pricing for the new home product. But as you get to the B- and C locations around Phoenix, those are not doing as well. So if you're down on Buckeye or Goodyear, they're not doing as well as Chandler and Scottsdale and the closer-in markets. I think we can pretty much see that kind of scenario playing out across the country and in the various markets.
