Richard Beckwitt: Thanks, Stuart. As you can tell from Stuart's opening comments, the housing market is very strong. Our team is extremely well coordinated, and our financial results continue to benefit from a solid execution of our core operating strategies. Topping that list continues to be improving our returns on capital and generating increased cash flow. With that in mind, we have been laser-focused on increasing our percentage of option homesites and reducing our years supply of owned homesites.   During fiscal 2019, we set a goal to have 40% of our homesites controlled via options and similar arrangements by the end of fiscal 2021. At that time, our controlled position was about 25%. We entered fiscal 2020 with 33% of our homesites controlled and ended this year at 39%, a 600 basis point improvement.  On a nominal basis, this reflected an increase of over 15,000 option homesites during the year. This increase reflects the strength of our relationships with local developers and other strategic partners and their desire to work with us to increase our option position given our size and scale in our markets.   In fiscal 2021, we expect to continue to expand on our existing relationships and enter into new regional and national land platforms to further enhance our land-light strategy. Based on this progress, we are in excellent position to achieve our revised goal of 50% controlled homesites by the end of fiscal 2021. During 2020, we also made significant progress on reducing our years owned supply of homesites by 4.1 years to 3.5 years. This represented a reduction of over 22,000 home sites.   Based on this progress, we are on target to achieve our previously announced goal of a 3-year supply by the end of fiscal 2021. As expected, the combined impact of increasing our controlled position, reducing our own position and our strong profitability drove significant homebuilding cash flow. During 2020, we generated $3.8 billion of homebuilding cash flow, which enabled us to pay off $2.1 billion in debt, including prepaying all of our senior debt due in fiscal 2021. This drove a meaningful improvement in our balance sheet as we ended the year with $2.7 billion in cash, no borrowings under our $2.4 billion revolving credit facility and a homebuilding debt-to-capital and net debt-to-capital of 24.9% and 15.3%, respectively, both all-time lows.   As we continue to execute on our land-light strategy and if we achieve our 2021 improved year-end goals, we are positioned to continue to generate significant cash flow.   Now I'd like to spend a few moments talking about growth and community count. In fiscal 2020, our community count declined by 8%. This was driven by an accelerated pace of sales and deliveries in our active communities. A decision to get out of the lower absorption, higher price point and lesser performing communities we acquired from CalAtlantic and a delay in opening new communities as we pause development activities during the initial stage of the COVID-19 pandemic. Notwithstanding the 8% decline in community count, we achieved a 16% increase in new orders in the fourth quarter of 2020 driven by a 27% increase in sales per community. While part of that increase in absorption pace was driven by improved market conditions, part of it was due to the fact that we targeted acquiring larger, higher volume entry-level communities that can deliver more homes per month than smaller communities. As we continue into fiscal 2021, our growth will continue to come from a higher overall absorption pace as well as an increase in community count. In 2021, our community count should increase by about 10%, most of which will happen in the middle part of the year, which should put us in great shape for the back half of 2021 and provide continued growth for fiscal 2022. While we continue to be focused on increasing our community count, we are intensely focused on replacing our existing communities with larger, higher volume communities as this allows us to better leverage our overhead, improve our bottom line and increase our returns and our cash flow.  Before I turn it over to Jon, I want to echo Stuart's comments and thank all of our associates and our trade partners for an excellent year. Through your hard work and collaboration, we accomplished many great things in 2020, and we are in excellent shape to execute on our core operating strategies in 2021. I'd like to turn it over to Jon now. 
Richard Beckwitt: Yes. I'm not sure we're going to give a percent, Steve, but we did see like-for-like pricing throughout the quarter. 
Richard Beckwitt: So I'm not going to answer that, Stuart. That's a mouse trap. I guess, all I would say is as we continue to morph and execute on reducing the years owned and that gets into option, there's no doubt that, that is a significant generator of cash. And the unknowns, as Stuart has identified and as you have appropriately pointed out is as we build the level of inventory to ramp up to that 62,000 to 64,000 home delivery pace, that's a reinvestment of cash. And so there's a lot of moving pieces in here. And I'm sure Diane will give you more color on this in the follow-up call. 
Richard Beckwitt: I think that if you look at where we started at over 4 and the transformation that we've had in a very short period of time, we're really enthusiastic about getting to 3. And we're just going to have to see how low we can get it. There's definitely a possibility to get it below 3. Definitely a possibility. But there's a balance because we have some markets, particularly the Western markets that in order to be a big, large player in those markets, you have to self-develop. So Jon has done a great job -- Jon and the team have done a great job in working through and creating some very unique structures to help us get there. And so I would just say stay tuned. 
Richard Beckwitt: And I think our product strategy, our everything's included program makes it much easier for our customers to make a buy decision because they don't have to make any choices. And that's a big differentiator. 
Richard Beckwitt: So I guess I'd say with regard to the overall gross margin guidance for the year and the trajectory through the year, I'd really like to start off by pointing out that there's a huge -- over 100 basis point year-over-year increase in the gross margin guidance. And there certainly are some  things that are impacting the margin as we work through it. One is lumber did increase pretty dramatically, and we're now in the throes of dealing with that, although we've done a great job in offsetting -- raising prices.  The other driver is the overall increase in our option deliveries. By increasing the share of option versus controlled, we have the tendency to have a little bit lower margin -- gross margin on that because someone else is taking the risk of owning that land. And so I don't think you'll see quite as much drive throughout the year as we've seen in the past because of those 2 things. 
Stuart Miller: But let's just say, Steve, you're clearly seeing pricing power. So when you look at like-for-like, you're definitely seeing acceleration as we went through the quarter. Just remember that we are -- we have been focusing on entry level a little bit more, although that upwards spiral and demand entry level giving to move up and move up to second move-up is taking place at the same time. So we're balancing our product offering. So everything that you're seeing is part of averaging, including the like-for-like increases that were clearly seen through the quarters and as we go forward. 
Stuart Miller: So let me start by saying thank you for pointing that out because that's exactly what we're focused on. I hope you're hearing a great deal of confidence in our operating platform and what we think is going to happen with our profitability and our cash flows and our migration and land position through 2021 because it does suggest and indicate that our cash position will continue to accelerate.  So the starting point in our office here is to focus on total shareholder return. And I think that we are laser focused on thinking about -- and you've seen the beginnings of that with the increase of our dividend. We weren't shy about that. We recognize the cash flow that we were seeing in its direction. And we made a migration in dividend last quarter. You've seen that we have accelerated some of our debt reduction, which only tends to delever the company. And some might say that we're under-levered. We're not apologetic about that. But at the same time, the cash flow that we are witnessing gives us a myriad of opportunities together with our ancillary businesses to think about how we generate higher returns.  As I said in my comments, you're going to hear more about this over the next couple of quarters. But a stock buyback is clearly not off the table, and it is something that we're looking at as we look at how we generate higher returns as we move forward. But I hope you're hearing that there's a great deal of confidence in our earnings and cash flow picture right now. 
Stuart Miller: Good. Fair question, Alan. The reality is that in an orderly growth market, as we were witnessing going into 2020, we felt that the appropriate growth level, and given our cash flow and returns focus was in that -- it was actually 4% to 7% range. But as COVID came into the market, paused us and then accelerated the housing market, production levels and the needs of the homebuilding business, in general, have accelerated rather dramatically. And we have clearly adjusted our growth targets.  So what you're seeing for next year is between a 15% and 20% growth rate that we've embraced and we are focused on going forward. And we are continuing to use market-driven indicators to define our growth rate as we go and work towards 2022. If you look at the indicators right now, we're probably on target to be growing at a similar rate for 2022. So you'd have to put aside that 4% to 7% range because we're going to have to find a way and the industry is going to have to find a way to grow at an accelerated pace as we are supply constrained. And the market is just calling on the homebuilders to produce more and to produce more affordable housing. So we are part of that picture. You saw it in starts and permits this morning, a surprise to the upside. We're starting to get to that 1.5 million level production. It's probably weighted a little bit more towards multifamily right now, but single-family seems like it's going to follow suit. And we're just going to need more dwellings in the country. The appetite for housing is accelerating. 
Stuart Miller: Let me add and say that what you've seen from us is a very steady hand, steady through the noise. Other builders have produced higher growth rates and sales paces. We've stayed focused on our business plan, our strategy. And I think it's a steady program that enables us to maximize the engagement with the supply chain and to remain consistent. And I think that Jon and Rick have been a steady rudder through those waters. And I think it's going to continue to reflect on strong bottom line, strong cash flow and a lot of predictability. 
Stuart Miller: No. Well, first of all, I do hope that there is going to be a shift back to the restaurants and the movie theaters and the vacations. I think that a robust economic recovery requires some of that reversion to normal lifestyle. So I'm optimistic that there will be a kick back to normalcy. But I don't think that, that's going to have a negative impact. I think it's going to have more of a positive impact on the housing market.  I think that interest rates are low and they're going to remain low. Stimulus money will come through the government. I believe that it will, can't prove it but I think so. And I think that a stronger economy and a broader-based strong economy is going to be better for housing. I think that the current strength in the housing market derives from both the millennial generation really kicking into high gear and family formation. And frankly, in an awkward way, COVID has facilitated that accelerating. And then, of course, the COVID-driven recalibration for how people are using their homes, I think there will be some stickiness to some of the habits changed.  So I think, overall, we've all learned some new habits and some new customs and tricks, but I think a lot of it revolves around having the home of your choice and having your home be the hub of your life. And so I'm pretty optimistic about where the housing market is over the next years.  Remember, Carl, that over the past 10 years, we have been under-producing housing. And we're going to have to make up ground there. So for the foreseeable future, I think we're going to see strength in the housing market. 
Stuart Miller: Yes. So I'm going to ask Rick to weigh in on this. But before he does, let me just say that we've learned that there are some tricky parts of the calculation and the guidance that we can give, and we recognize that cash flow is one of those. Growth at a higher level is a headwind to cash flow. The migration of land from owned to controlled, a greater percentage and a lower year count is a tailwind to cash flow. So we've been careful not to lay out -- because the parts will move around to lay out specificity. But go ahead, Rick. 
Stuart Miller: But look, let me say this, as we look ahead to 2021, we have a great deal of confidence that our cash flow is going to be very strong. You're absolutely right. This past year, we earned just under $2.5 billion net income and drove $3.8 billion in cash flow. Some of that is migration of our land strategy. That land strategy is going to continue through 2021. So we're fully expecting that we're going to have very strong cash flow through the year, but we're not guiding in specificity. 
Stuart Miller: And I think the laser focus of the management team is to think about land and the system around land as a just-in-time delivery system, and we are going to get closer and closer to that aspiration. 
Stuart Miller: I don't think it's so much a premium as I think it's an orderly process that is driving the average higher. And so I think we're competing in a market where customers understand what the value proposition is. I think it's just process-driven that we are just driving a higher sales price by an orderly process of production and sales.  And so I wouldn't think of it as a like kind premium. If you go out to the market and look at our 1,500 or our 2,000 square foot home next door to someone else's, I think it's just a matter of process. 
Stuart Miller: Yes. I think there's an adequate amount of conservatism as we look out 4 quarters. We're going to have to wait and see how the pricing power plays through. And so I think we tried to give a lot of detailed guidance and some directional guidance for the -- detailed guidance for the first quarter and directional guidance for the year. And as Rick notes, our averages for the -- our average for the year is 100 basis point improvement, which is sizable. We'll have to see how pricing power meshes with production costs. 
Stuart Miller: Well, listen, Mike, let me start by saying thank you for listening carefully to the things that I say, not everybody does that. And I just want to appreciate the fact that you were listening carefully.  So you're exactly right. I said what I said and I said what I meant. If you think about what we have daylighted in the entirety of the call today, we have daylighted an expectation that our community count will be growing through 2021.  We have daylighted that we are focused on more productive, larger communities producing higher volume rather than smaller incremental communities. We have daylighted that some of our community count has dissipated as we have worked through some of the smaller, less productive CalAtlantic communities and close them out.  We have daylighted our matching of production together with our sales pace and migrating our production pace upward over the course of this year, over the next quarter even. We are ramping up not just our productivity per community, but the style of community that we're intending to purchase. And if you kind of bring that forward through 2021 and into 2022, you can't help but -- unless the market tells us and data tells us to hone down or turn down the spigot, you can't help but start to think and project forward that '22 will continue a growth trajectory that is somewhat similar. And we're building a greater confidence in our ability to look ahead and to do that, assuming market conditions remain strong.  Then going back to my comments in the opening, I think that if you think about the confidence that we're projecting about market conditions, thinking about a 10-year hiatus or production deficit that underlies the current market conditions and the general growing demand with limited supply for the foreseeable future, the market is asking us to grow at a greater growth rate, and we're building confidence that we're going to be able to meet that challenge. So you heard me right. Thank you for listening, and that's exactly what we intended to say.  Great. And I guess in closing, we'll say happy holidays to everybody. Thanks for joining our year-end call, and we look forward to updating in the future. Thank you. 
Jonathan Jaffe: Alan, this is Jon. I'd also would add to Stuart's comments that as we focused on simplifying our product offering and our production machine, it's also enabled us to really keep what we view as a maximum efficiency level at a higher pace. We're doing this with smaller product, lower price point and just an overall more efficient production operation. 
Jonathan Jaffe: Alan, I think there's no question, as I mentioned in my comments, that the environment we're in today is defined by labor shortage and pricing pressure. But you've heard consistently from us for many, many quarters now over the years about our focus on our builder of choice strategy. And that's holding us in really good stead and being able to coordinate forward plan with our strategic trade partners and to really manage and offset the cost increases that are out there in the environment. And more importantly, the predictability of our labor needs and be able to think way ahead with our trades as to those needs so they can properly plan and be ready for us. 
Jonathan Jaffe: Sure. I'd be happy to address that. So our FIFO pricing and sales strategy is not something new or COVID-related. We established this process in one of our divisions out West, in Reno, and really fine-tuned it and saw its effectiveness in not just maximizing pricing power, but really creating efficiencies throughout the process that affects every part of what we do. We actually rolled it out at a division presidents' meeting about 2 years ago and started with some pilot divisions, saw its effectiveness in all different types of markets and have rolled it out throughout the entire company. So this exists in every one of our divisions. And to your point, is it just about maximizing pricing power by having a limited number of homes available, it really allows us to very carefully manage and match that sales pace to production pace and to be very forward-looking about any adjustments that we need to make in pricing and incentives up or down as the case might be to very meticulously manage that pace. And it just creates consistency and even flow that affects earlier G&A levels to be leveled instead of having to be positioned for peaks and valleys. 
Jonathan Jaffe: And I would just briefly add that if you think about our FIFO strategy, we price to market what the market will bear, not to what our competitors are pricing. 
