Jon Jaffe: Hi, it’s Jon Jaffe. We saw our community count growth the greatest in California and Texas, followed by Nevada and Colorado and it was a little slower this quarter in the East and then our Houston regions.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon again. I think as we came out of the first quarter and we saw our sales pace pickup from 2.8 sales per month to 3.7, we found we didn’t have to use any additional incentives to achieve that sales pace and to maintain our margins. And we will continue to operate that way on a community by community basis. And it’s as expected, the market continues the slow and steady growth. You should expect that our incentive should be in that range.
Jon Jaffe: And this is Jon, Steve. I would add that even within markets, sub-markets can be very different and we do watch this balance very carefully community by community. But as you noted our California was up both in – our growth in community count and sales pace and margin and that market has definitely felt stronger during the quarter than some other markets. Florida, Southeast Florida was also up in average sales price year-over-year, not so much in community count. So we just managed those differently based on what we see in the marketplace, based on what we are bringing online. And also the overall market growth in the community count. So for example Phoenix which we all know was softer had tremendous community count growth in the overall marketplace with sort of flattish activity and that’s why you saw sales pace drop in the Phoenix and accordingly you didn’t see any price appreciation there.
Jon Jaffe: And then in the West, David, it’s a strategy really leads us to the product that we have been focusing on, because the price of the land tends to be a lot higher. There isn’t the quick availability, like Arizona, Texas, where the strategy is well-executed that Rick articulated for that land. So, that the market, the thick part of the market is really the move-up market today and that’s where our land buying strategy has been focused. And we keep a very close eye on the tertiary markets, which will feed that first time buyer market as to what’s available and how to bring it on, but we are not really taking the risk today and until that market presents itself as more viable.
Jon Jaffe: Hi, this is Jon, David. I don’t think that the weather really affected cycle times, it did push things out. I would say what we are seeing as the markets mature is cycle time is flattening. In some places we are able to improve it a little bit and in some places it might slide a little bit. Labor, varies by market as well and most of our markets labor is stabilized which allows us to stabilize the cycle time and in Texas we have seen a lot of activity, labor is tighter and so it’s a little bit harder there. So really the market by market issue is a big focus of our company, cycle time from a perspective of the quality of the home and the quality of process for our homebuyers. And we are trying to find ways to be more efficient, but in general I would say it’s just pretty stable out there.
Rick Beckwitt: This is Rick. We generally throughout the year see a progression in our margins from Q1 to Q4. Some of it has to do with what has been left in backlog that hasn’t converted as you pointed out. Typically as we move through the year we can push pricing, but our ability to raise prices is starting to slowdown given that the significant ramp up year-over-year in ASPs.
Rick Beckwitt: With regard to sequential improvement, April was our least. It was sort of the slowest month, but not dramatically different than March and May. May was the strongest month on a year-over-year basis.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, I think in your response – the other thing I would point out Steve is that we continued to be contracting and tying up parcels one year, two years out, so we still have the ability to buy on a wholesale basis. If you look at our land cost as a percentage of ASP it stayed relatively constant in that 20% to 21% of sales price which allows to have a really strong margin. We noticed in the quarter that our land development spend increased pretty significantly on a year-over-year basis. And that’s really the – that’s really evidencing the fact that we have got some land and we tied up or moving that through the process right now which gives us a lot of confidence that our margins are going to be holding up pretty good.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. This is Rick. I think what gives us the visibility in the consistency of the earnings going into the back half of 2015 really stems from when we started our communities. As Stuart highlighted in his opening remarks today we have about 17 communities that are either complete, two of which are completed the rest of which are under some stage of construction. As we look at the balance of this year we will probably start an additional 20 communities plus or minus and that gives you the sort of a runway with regard to how long it takes to build, lease them up and stabilize and then potentially sell them. So we know when we have started and we will see where the lease up progression is and that allows us to really track the building cycle and when we can sale up.
Rick Beckwitt: And the second part of your question was yield on cost versus exit cap. We are still targeting that 150 basis point to 200 basis points.
Rick Beckwitt: Okay. It really has to do with price and affordability and commuting corridors if you will. We have taken a very, not aggressive, but thoughtful path in tying up a bunch of property that we could ultimately build on. So, most of the stuff that we are talking about is smaller, it’s money deposits where we have tied up parcels of land, some of which is finished, some of which is would need to be developed with an aim towards building relatively low-priced homes in those markets for the first-time buyer. We know where the commuting path will be. We have a good idea of how far they want to drive. They aren’t in the heart of where our current communities are, because the land isn’t priced accordingly. And we have just done a lot of market research to see where things would comp out and appraise and more importantly focused on what we need to put into the homes to construct them at a price to sell them to them at a good value, but that’s essentially what we have been doing.
Stuart Miller: Let me start and then I will ask Jon and Rick to kind of jump in also relative to specific markets, but overall Steve, I’ve said a number of times that I think it’s really relevant that rental rates continue to run higher than fully loaded monthly payments on for-sale product and rental rates have continued to move up. So, there seems to be kind of a push on pricing across kind of the platform. And it’s moving in fits and starts a little bit as you go through the course of the year. And so it’s really incumbent on us and other builders as well to just carefully manage and stay close to the market as it relates to balancing pricing and pace. As noted, there is not a lot of land available to replace communities that are depleted. So, as rental rates are moving, it’s kind of dictating a little bit, where pricing is going on the for-sale side of the business. The for-sale side could probably ramp up volume a lot more, if it held pricing back, but the replacement of communities is very difficult. Land values as you know are stronger than they have been, so that balance of pace and price is a very local matter, each market is a little bit different. But if you take kind of a 30,000 foot view the general trend is still towards the upside.
Stuart Miller: Well, look I think you always have to keep in mind that land value is a residual of what you can build on it. Land values don’t really just move aggressively on their own, sometimes they get ahead of themselves just like any other pricing mechanism. But at the end of the day it’s all a residual calculation of what you are going to be able to build on the land, what market is going to desire a particular location that’s going to drive what products you build on the land and what you can afford to pay for it. And ultimately land prices find their way to that kind of equilibrium. So on a market by market basis and within markets in particular locations land prices move sometimes with momentum and pull back a little bit. It’s been my experience and I think it’s the experience in the marketplace today that we are able to continue to purchase land for a product that is going be able to be built on that land. And whether it’s for first-time buyers maybe a little farther out from the best locations or whether it’s for the move-up buyer in the A locations, it really comes down to a residual calculation. Rick maybe you could add some color to that.
Stuart Miller: At the end of the day as you see home prices move up you are probably seeing land prices move up. If land prices move up with a little bit more momentum and home prices stagnate those land prices are going to drift back downward ultimately as well. So I think that our margins able to still strive even as home prices might not be accelerating quite as much as they were.
Stuart Miller: Let me add to that and say, I think about our apartment business as kind of a manufacturing plant. It has a fairly long lead time in production and the startup period which we are going through now takes probably 2.5 years to from start to stabilization and sale of an apartment community. The startup period has been a couple of years in the making. We are just getting to the point where we’re delivering our first few coming off the assembly line. And as we get to the back half of 2015, we started to have enough product that has been started is in the pipeline and is moving through in orderly fashion to where we are going to be able to refine the visibility that we can bring from this part of our company. Now the long lead time in today’s market where rental rates have been moving up fairly aggressively and it seems like they are going to continue to really reflects on our initial underwriting having been low and our execution likely to be very strong.
Stuart Miller: Lending standards are still tight. It’s going to be interesting to see how the change in leadership at the FHFA is going to actually translate to the market. We still have the stickiness I think of a banking and mortgage banking industry that is having difficulty getting over the penalty phase of the downturn that we have endured and that penalty Phase is really relevant and because to the extent that people see or they put back risk is great and really political and social risk is also great meaning reputational risk it’s hard for the lenders to get back in the business lending on a rational and reverted to normal kind of underwriting standard. I have listened to a number of people speak recently from various parts of the government and there is this kind of consistent reframe that we need to loosen mortgage standards. But we don’t want to go back to the excesses of 2006. Every time I hear that we don’t want to go back to excesses of 2006, the fact that they throw that caveat in there is reflective of the fact that they don’t realize just how far field we are from that. And that reversion to normal is indeed even close to them. And so I feel that that’s still an impediment to a big move and opening up liquidity in the mortgage market. I think it’s going to be a slow after margin adjustment that’s going to take place over time. Now on the negative side, it means it’s going to be difficult to really liberate the first time homebuyer and get them back into the marketplace. On the positive side relative to us, people need a place to live and our rental program still looks very attractive to us.
Stuart Miller: So, I think what you heard in my comments is we are fully aware that there is a first time homebuyer market out there that is waiting to be able to be activated. It is dependent on mortgage lending standards opening up kind of reverting to normal. We have recognized that once it’s activated, it is a market that has a great deal of pent-up demand. We also recognized that today’s millennial generation has not yet quite defined itself. Is it going to be focused on something that’s more in the middle the city focused or are they going to be building their family by getting married and having children maybe a little bit later in life, but nonetheless still looking for suburban lifestyle. We have developed a land strategy that’s really crafted on creating as much optionality for ourselves in that space as possible looking at different alternatives and preparing products for when that market presents itself. But with that said we are focused on a current basis on the deepest, thickest part of the market which is the first time move up and regular move up buyer and we stand ready to address the first-time buyer as they are activated.
Stuart Miller: Well, first of all yes. We probably had single-family rentals through our Rialto, distress portfolios before the rest of market really focused on it. And we had a real opportunity to look at how scattered single-family homes would rent and how they would be managed and of course that business has taken off and it’s been a very successful part of some large fund managers operations and programs going forward. I still think that there are complications in managing a diverse array of products and buildings that are located in scattered locations. But given the fact that we have a long-term production deficit in this country in terms of the amount of homes multi and single-family homes that have been delivered over the past few years since we went into the downturn and we kind of estimate that that’s about $4 million in deficit over the past few years. It seems to me that all product types high tide is rising out both all product types are going to continues to do okay and be pretty strong simply because there is a demand for places for people to live and there is a scarcity of that shelter. So the single-family rental opportunity is a good one. I think it’s difficult to manage. But it’s highly, highly desirable for people who are growing families and need a place to live. The desire to live in the single-family dwelling is very attractive and the inability to get a mortgage augers in favor of renting versus purchasing. So even with the difficulty of management that business is strong. Our apartment business we think is a very strong business. It’s easier and efficient to manage. We think that our bottom line is going be very strong. And whether there is an opportunity in the future to do single-family for rent is something that we have looked at, it’s something that we are considering and we will see as we go forward. I think a little bit of that and the answer to that will depend on how the mortgage market evolves in the near-term. You know that it’s my view that it’s evolving fairly slowly. I know that there are those including yourself, Ivy that think that it might be coming on a little bit faster. And I leave a lot of room for that to possibly play out more the way other see it than the way that I see it, but if it doesn’t, then I think the single-family development for rent might become a part of our program going forward.
Stuart Miller: I think Phoenix was somewhat of an outlier, Ivy. In that, you had as you know significant price appreciation in the prior year and it led to a lot of activity of bringing new communities online at a time where that price depreciation couldn’t be sustained and volume did not pick up as expected. And I think there are some political factors in Arizona that affected that as well that slowed down job growth from where we thought it was going to be. Don’t see those kind of dynamics in other places. And in the West, it’s not so easy to bring land on fast. I really don’t see that, in Texas, where you can bring land on a little quicker, the absorptions are really kept pace and the job growth is really strong. So, I think in a market like Texas, they don’t see that risk either.
Stuart Miller: Yes. I think historically 3.5 to 4 is kind of the normal zone, but I think that 1.5 million starts per year is the normal zone also and there are lot of normal historical patterns that we are not seeing right now. I think going back to your prior question and answering this one as well, I think we have got to think in terms of ebb and flow in the market – in the market that we are in. We are going to see markets that get a little ahead of themselves. Pricing is an area that starts to move very quickly and you end up with sticker shock that can be coincident pricing and interest rate sticker shock as interest rates move back and forth. Purchasers in certain markets might find that they want to purchase, but they just can’t get over the sticker shock for a period of time. I still think that the dominant theme is production deficit. And over time, I think there was going to be an evening, a reversion back to some of the more normal trends like a 3.5 to 4 homes per community per month absorption rate, but I think that we are still going to see it ebb and flow as markets kind of find their way to slow steady recovery, but pricing gets ahead of itself or desirability falls off for a period of time. And we will just have to kind of wade our way through some of these numbers.
Stuart Miller: We would expect that would likely be the case, Jade, but we’ll have to wait and see how the market unfolds.
Stuart Miller: The carried interest, Jade, we would expect to be able to book that once it’s served in, which is when it comes in, which we still expect on Fund I to be out in the 2016 timeframe at the earliest.
Stuart Miller: Yes. And the fair value includes actual operating earnings as well from the ventures. So, it’s really the bottom line of the ventures and it’s our share of the – as a limited partner in those ventures and we had a good couple of quarters.
Stuart Miller: Thank you. And in difference of those who want to watch the soccer game, I think it starts at noon, doesn’t it? I think we will take one more question.
Stuart Miller: Sure. I think that it’s been well-documented that as we went through the downturn, just like the homebuilders were impaired, every land developer or land purchaser found their positions to be impaired and the downturn basically shutdown all entitlement and development activity. And of course, you don’t just restart that engine development and entitlement take years, especially in your most desirable markets. It actually takes years and it takes capital. So, there has been some land that has come back to the marketplace, but the entitlement process and the development process has been very slow to start. Those that are well-capitalized can engage these processes, but there have been fewer groups, primarily the large homebuilders that do have the capital to undertake undeveloped land and get that land position for actually getting building permits. Smaller landowners, historically, active developers have not been able to get engaged in the financing market and therefore have not assumed their traditional role of developing land that’s available for builders to be able to build. So, land continues to be tight across the country, particularly in the markets where land entitlement is most constrained as places like California, places like Florida, the entire Eastern seaboard number of places, it’s very hard to get land activity up and running again. And that’s what produces the constraint. And the land of course that is available and is developed or entitled becomes much more expensive, because there is a shortage and a need to build in some of those areas.
Stuart Miller: I think it’s an interesting question and we are all going to have to stay tuned. Right now, multifamily is making up about a third of all starts, which is an historical high, but realistically, multifamily is operating or trending to exactly its traditional zone of 300,000 to 400,000 starts per year. It’s just that single-family is awfully low right now. And so we are as an industry we are going to have to wait and see a lot of it depends on how the mortgage market evolves and whether it begins to enable the buyer to come back to the market, especially the first time buyer to come back to the market. As things stand right now, if you think about the math we have trended in homeownership from a high of 69.2% homeownership rate down to something like a 64.7% homeownership rate. And every 1 percentage point move in homeownership rate translates into 1.3 million households either doubling up or looking for a rental. So, we have shifted a lot of demand away from for-sale and into the rental housing market. Some have articulated the belief that the homeownership rate will continue to fall. There are some outliers that say that it could fall as low as 55%, I don’t believe that, but whether it continues to trend the percentage point of the time, we will have to wait and see, but that will define the percentage of total starts that are multifamily or primarily rental versus for-sale.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Alright, well, thanks everyone for joining us for our second quarter update. We look forward to joining you again for third quarter results.
