Jon Jaffe: Thanks, Rick. This morning, I will discuss our sales and inventory management focus, our land strategy, and give an update on the status of the supply chain. I'd like to start by laying out a few additional thoughts on the detail that Rick just walked you through. As discussed, this quarter was all about the daily process of adjusting home prices to find market clearing values in each individual community. As noted, our starts and sales pace for the quarter were 4.4 homes and 4.0 homes, respectively. This gap between starts pace and sales pace comes from the time it takes to make the pricing adjustments necessary to be perceived as value by the consumer. Finding that value proposition is a process that takes several weeks and is ongoing. In other words, once market pricing is found through discovery, the market often experiences further adjustments, and a new value proposition must be discovered. As we went through the process of finding clearing prices in communities, this informed our decision-making, which enabled broader pricing adjustments, leading to our improved sales pace across our entire platform for the month of August. As Stuart noted, our operators use our dynamic pricing model to help them understand the timing of inventory as it moves through the construction process. This tool gives us visibility into sales pace and associated pricing by community and even by plan, allowing us to maintain our starts pace without building up excess inventory. Our inventory position at the end of the quarter was just over 500 completed unsold homes or 0.4 homes per community. Next, I want to discuss our land focus in the third quarter. As expected, we focused a lot of attention on reassessing every land deal in our pipeline along with updating our underwriting. Based on our intense review, we move forward only on those deals with starts in 2023 and where we were also confident in the updated financial underwriting. Most of the land deals we closed on in the quarter came from our strong land relationships with existing structured quarterly takedowns. These takedowns are deals where we would be starting the homes quickly and still projected healthy margins. All other deals based on the updated underwriting, either had its timing delayed, was restructured or we did not proceed. Our intensified focus on our land-light strategy was evidenced by our controlled home site percentage increasing to 63% at the end of the third quarter, up from 53% last year. We also further reduced the years of owned home sites to 2.9 years at the end of the third quarter, down from 3.3 years last year. And we reduced the number of home sites purchased in the third quarter to about 13,100, down 21% and 25% year-over-year and sequentially, respectively. Our extreme focus on a deal-by-deal review and adherence to our disciplined land lighter model drove the significant improvement in the strength of Lennar's balance sheet, as Stuart discussed. Now, I'd like to turn to the current state of the supply chain. Our third quarter continued presenting some favorable cycle time results while still dealing with ongoing disruptions from certain material shortages. Although it was minor, it's still significant that we achieved a three-day reduction in cycle time in Q3 from Q2. Additionally, over 50% of our markets experienced cycle time reductions in the third quarter compared to 25% in the second quarter. The primary material disruption in the third quarter was related to the delivery of electrical equipment such as switchgear, multimeter boxes and pad-mounted transformers. Construction labor remains very tight as industry-wide high levels of volume for second half deliveries moves through the various stages of construction. We expect to start seeing some easing in labor as the overall industry reduces the level of construction starts. This easing should start to first occur in the fourth quarter with front-end trades and in the first quarter with finished trades. As expected, cost increased in our third quarter as increases from lumber that spiked in Q1 flowed through our third quarter closings. We also saw increases in other material costs and labor in Q3 closings, resulting in a total direct construction cost increase of 6% and 21% sequentially and year-over-year, respectively. As a reminder, the drop in lumber prices we saw earlier in the year materially benefited the cost of our starts in the third quarter and will flow through deliveries in the first half of 2023. Thank you. And I'll now turn it over to Diane.
Jon Jaffe: I would just add that we have extremely strong relationships with a lot of land partners. And relative to your question, we are able to work with them to either adjust timing, to restructure, to change pace. And that combined with, as Stuart described, just a constant refresh analysis just keeps us very current so that the land we are acquiring is turning into starts very quickly with very acceptable margins. And if it doesn't fit that criteria, we're finding the appropriate alternative solution for the asset.
Jon Jaffe: The only thing I would add is that we're also -- during this time, as Rick highlighted, we have to find the right price to match the affordability perspective and reality that our customer has is -- we look very carefully at our product offering to see where we can do some significant value engineering as well as introduce smaller, more efficient product into certain markets. So we continue to move down the price curve and meet the place where affordability for the consumer intersects with mortgage payment and home prices.
Jon Jaffe: I think you really covered exactly what our operating strategy is, Stuart. And Stephen, your assessment of the numbers is right and the consumer desirability especially in a changing interest rate environment for a quick move-in. They can lock in their rate if they buy today and create that certainty for themselves. So, that is definitely an advantage. But we're very-focused, as Stuart highlighted, using dynamic pricing to make sure our homes are sold in time. So, as they come off our construction assembly line, we're able to deliver them to the customer. And that will fall in that range in a more normalized time of about one community per week. It will fluctuate from time to time, but that's our focus.
Jon Jaffe: I think that's right. As we've talked about on prior calls, the second half and the fourth quarter will be our peak construction cost as the highest lumber work through that. And that will start coming down at the very end of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. So, that makes sense what you said, Rick. And clearly, the biggest driver is what we're doing to adjust to market to keep our sales pace.
Stuart Miller: Why don't I let Rick take that? Go ahead. I'm going to play a role of traffic cop here because we are in remote locations. So go ahead, Rick.
Stuart Miller: Great question. Historically, if you look at the composition of Lennar, many of the builders, we've migrated away from those longer-term land positions that have really stuck us in the mud as the market has gotten slow. And because we have basically converted our land asset to short-term assets, those assets will turn over as we continue to produce through the current market conditions. And so -- and we'll replace those assets with land assets that are repriced, given the current market condition. So that's a structural change in Lennar specifically and in the industry more broadly that I think is going to be very cash generative. There are a number of things that work against homebuilders in downtime. One of them is long-term land, and that's been mitigated. The second thing I'd say is when you're growing a homebuilding company, one of the big cash users is the growth component. We're constantly buying land and putting more sticks and bricks in the ground to accommodate growth. As you migrate to a slower growth level or a zero growth level, that in itself is cash generative. So now, short-term land position plus migration to a no-growth environment, both very cash flow positive, and then the one anomalous component is the cycle time that is derived from the supply chain impairment that we've been dealing with. That has added about 25% more cash use inventory buildup relative to normalized times. As we've noted before, we've added about 2 months to our generally 6-month cycle time. And I think that's an industry kind of average. And that two months ultimately is going to find its way to resolution. We will see a reversion back to a normalized kind of cycle time in production. And that also should be tailwinds, winds at our back in terms of generating cash as we have a normalization, might take place this year, might take place over the next couple of years, but it should generate cash as we go forward.
Stuart Miller: Yes. I guess, the bottom line, this is a dynamic situation. And the execution part of that is alignment. You hear alignment with me, Rick and Jon, and we've conveyed that to the Lennar organization, to the trade partners and to our land partners as well that work has got to be done, and everybody is at work.
Stuart Miller: So, happy you asked the question that way, Steve. I will tell you that Diane has tried to figure out what the number is. And that specificity is we haven't been able to put our finger on it, but it is in that kind of neighborhood. It's a significant amount of dollars that are tied up because of the cycle time increase.
Stuart Miller: And then, just to add -- to go back to your earlier comment, yes, Steve, a zero growth rate would be a temporary condition, not a permanent one. But there's an overhang or an overshadowing concept, and that is we don't want to fight to take. So, we're not going to try to grow when the tape is telling us not to, and that's clearly the case. But as the market comes back and as I noted in my comments, the long-term prospects for housing are strong and good. As the market turns around, we'll be very well positioned with a very strong cash position to be able to lean into market conditions improving as that happens.
Stuart Miller: Let me just add to that and say that embedded in your question, I think, is the question of what percentage and are we ramping up the Quarterra part of our SFR program. And the fact -- the reality is that our program has taken a very-disciplined approach to stepping back and waiting for the market to kind of reconcile itself. So, contrary to what you might have thought, we're probably selling less to our own program and more to other SFR programs outside of Lennar.
Stuart Miller: We are finding the market, and we are finding the market primarily with primary buyers. And as we find the market, there's demand out there, but the demand needs affordability. So, that's basically what's happening.
Stuart Miller: Look, it's a mixed bag. There are some builders that are going along with the program that we have in place. There are a lot of others that have different strategies. The smaller builders are reacting a little differently than some of the larger builders. And that's just -- that adds to the choppiness of the market condition. All I can tell you is that market by market, we know exactly what the competitors are doing. We see the inventory buildups where they're happening. We see the migration to sell to price, hold and wait and ultimately, falling off the cliff and saying reconciliation. Each of these plays out in each market. That's why we emphasize our dynamic pricing model to each of our divisions because that's what keeps us tuned into the competitive field, exactly what's happening and making the judgments that are necessary. I think Rick said it really well. This is an art, not a science. And we are playing the game in each market that exists by knowing what the competitive field is and reacting to it.
Stuart Miller: Yes. Let me just add to that and say that in addition to pricing and base price as well as incentives management, we're also managing our backlog, recognizing that as prices adjust, we also sometimes have to go back to our backlog. We don't want to turn yesterday's sales and customers into a cancellation. And so, there's some administration of that as well. And so, a lot of moving parts in the walk from third quarter to fourth quarter margins. It's not as linear as just what the new sales are.
Stuart Miller: We haven't put those numbers out, so I really can't put those numbers on the table. We're a bit restricted as to what we can disclose at this point. And we're going to do something more comprehensive and putting together a conference call to really let all of those pieces and numbers be known as we're getting ready to actually go public. So, I say it again, stay tuned.
Stuart Miller: So Mike, I think the best way for me to answer this is to say that we have decidedly not given guidance for the fourth quarter because there are so many moving parts. We recognize the best we can do is give some boundaries to help the modeling. I think that there -- it gets even more complicated as we go out to the first quarter. So, we're not going to wade into those waters simply because there's a lot moving around. As we sat yesterday and listened to Chair Powell lay out kind of his thinking for the way forward, it just helps us recognize that that we're living in a dynamic environment that's going to change a lot of things month by month, quarter by quarter. And we're focused on week by week. Our management team gets together every other day to coordinate, to find alignment and to look at the patterns that are revealing themselves real-time in the marketplace, and each market is different. So, I guess, that's a big and long-winded excuse, but we're not really going to weigh in on our first quarter numbers right now.
Stuart Miller: Thank you, Mike. All right. We'll wrap it up there. I want to thank everyone for joining us. These are tricky times, but this is a seasoned management team that's been there -- been here before. We have a game plan, strategy. You can expect that we're going to be adhering to that strategy with certainty and look forward to reporting back as we get to the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you, everyone.
Rick Beckwitt: So as I mentioned in my commentary, there was about a 4.5% incentive that was priced in the quarter. Some of that was a base price change with a slight mix adjustment as we closed a more significant amount of entry-level homes during the quarter.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. It's exactly what you said, Stuart. It's a combination of us reducing sales prices and having the margin impact, and you saw that we executed on that during the quarter. We've discussed with our trade partners that there needs to be a sharing. Everyone made a lot of money during the up cycle, and it's time to work as partners to restructure the cost side on both the labor and material side. And in addition, as Stuart walked through the land side of the business, there's going to be some adjustments in land pricing. So, it's the collective of all three of those that we will do in order to execute the strategy to keep the sales momentum going.
Rick Beckwitt: The only thing I'd add to that, Steve, is as Stuart said in his comments and I mentioned as well, we're very focused on cash generation. Easiest cash to generate is the sale of a completed home. But to the extent that we have standing inventory, we're going to sell that home because we've got homes moving through the production cycle that are going to replace that. Whether it's a half or one, we've continued to refine our pricing strategy to maximize the cash and quickly sell the inventory as it progresses from stage to stage.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. Stuart, as you mentioned, as rates have risen, several of the SFR players use leverage that's floating in order to underwrite and finance their deals. Accordingly, some of the investment in that space has slowed down, but rents are continuing to maintain. And as a result, they'll get -- they'll ultimately get their embedded yields that they're looking for. For us as a company, we had about 1,000 homes that we sold to the single-family rental space in the last quarter. It's probably underestimated because there were some additional sales in our communities that other folks are investing in and renting that aren't captured in that number. But it was about 1,000, and our SFR program itself was a little bit more than 700 during the quarter.
Rick Beckwitt: Let me clarify something. So for Q3, our incentives were about 4.5%. There was probably about 3% that was base price reduction on top of the incentive with the balance being somewhat mix oriented to a lower price point. As we move into [indiscernible], we actually have been fairly consistent with where we were in the -- in the third quarter and in August. From a pricing standpoint, we're just slight -- ticked up slightly from an incentive standpoint. Our actual net sales price is up higher than it was in August. That might be mix. And from a cancellation rate, we're right on top of where we were for the quarter. So, we are -- and from a sales pace standpoint, we're very consistent with where we were in August. So, we haven't seen any dramatic changes. I think what this is really demonstrating is we really fine-tuned our sales execution strategy.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, community count is so tricky because it has -- it's impacted by your sales pace and your existing communities, development timing, whether it's internal development or third-party developers and whether they get the communities done at the appropriate time. Sitting here today, we believe our community count will increase in 2023, probably a single-digit, low single-digit increase. And that could be skewed by what happens in the land market because as other builders may walk away from deals that have finished home sites that will look good for us from an underwriting standpoint because of our low-cost structure, we may find some opportunities to add to community. But as Stuart said, it's a tough read right now, but it looks slightly up.
