Jon Jaffe: Sure, it's Jon. As Stuart mentioned, on lumber, it increased almost 100% from the beginning of our quarter to the end of our quarter. And so it's very measured with taking advantage of an increasing sales price environment to match that, meaning as we patiently pace our sales, we will benefit from that price appreciation really helps offset that increase. And as you look at the supply chain, it is not just labor, but from the manufacturers, it's probably why leverage run out there, there's constraints. And so again, to be very measured in terms of being able to communicate to our trade vendors exactly what our production capacity is instead of quickly trying to ramp it up, which is not really feasible to do. We think it's a much more measured and appropriate approach.
Jon Jaffe: I think we've talked for a long time, Ivy, about our size and scale position. And we're number one or two in virtually all the markets that we're in. And that size and scale really gives us an advantage relative to land positions as a go-to builder for the land sellers and as do the go-to builder for the trades. And in this constrained environment, that strategic position is very important to us and it's one that we're not going to give up. But instead, it's a very -- as we said, very steady and measured pace, creating predictability for both land and for the trades.
Jon Jaffe: Hi, Carl, it’s John. I think, certainly, cities have opened up compared to when COVID was first hitting us in cities closed down. But they clearly are under stress. They’re all under budgetary constraints, many of them operating virtually. So it's not back to normal pre-COVID, but it's better than it was at the worst part of the COVID experience. It's somewhere in between and so it is definitely not an easy process, given those constraints that exist.
Jon Jaffe: I think we're benefiting from both. And it's really a great time for the housing market. And that fluctuation mix may vary within specific submarkets. But we're seeing a tremendous amount of conversion of renters into home buyers in that first-time segment, and we're seeing good strength in a lot of our move-up markets from that spillover, as you noted. And with people looking for new, looking for moving away from density, we expect we'll continue to see the demand from both of those mix segments.
Jon Jaffe: And along those very same lines, home innovation, the way that people are using their home today is completely facilitated by new technologies or better technologies that are driving the home forward, whether it's automation, whether it's connectivity, whether it's healthy home or access to health services. The home, as I said in my remarks, it's not just shelter anymore. It's multigenerational. It's an office. It's a gym. It's recreation. It's all of the attributes and so newer homes with newer designs and newer technologies are definitely benefiting in today's market. Temporarily, at least for the time being, friendliness and access to a clean environment to look at a new home is an added advantage. And just going back to an earlier part of your question, Steve, remember that the first-time buyer home market in many ways, ignites the move-up market. So whether first-time buyers are looking at resale homes, that enables the first-time buyer of yesterday to move up. And first-time buyers are also looking at first time brand-new homes in large part because of technologies and different designs. So it's all mashing together. The primary driver is the production deficit that we've been talking about for the past years. It's been a decade-long that you've seen production deficit which means that we are in short supply across the board given the population, so all segments of the market are moving at the same time.
Jon Jaffe: So -- okay. We've seen pricing power really across almost all of our markets. It's anywhere from good to very strong. And it'd be hard to really single out one product type or price point or market that really outshines another. We've seen strong sales pace and strong pricing power across the board. And that's reflected in that margin improvement that we had over our guidance. As Rick said, we really applied that to our inventory. So that turned very quickly into our deliveries and reflected very well in our margins in our third quarter deliveries and our margin in our backlog as we look forward. So it is unusual to think about inventory as a premium. Usually inventory are the homes that you have trouble moving. But in this environment really is what is desired by the consumer to want to move now, move into a new situation move out their old housing.
Jon Jaffe: So let me just add to that and take two pieces of it. It does not escape our attention that our Multifamily reported earnings as opposed to the accumulated value that we've created. The reported earnings are virtually nothing relative to a very sizable investment, and that does not enhance our returns. Accordingly, we have focused on the fact that it no longer is a strategic benefit for us to have that on book because it is dilutive to the returns that we're striving to achieve. And so we are very focused on looking for our next program relative to LMC, our Multifamily program, as Rick properly notes, it is a blue-chip asset, a blue-chip operating platform, and we're focused on where it will land in its next iteration. So, this has been a day-to-day focus for both myself and for Rick. We're working on that regularly. You asked the question also about stock buyback. You'll remember that prior to the COVID-19 moment; we were buying back stock on a regular basis. We have -- we postponed that as we saw COVID drive the market lower. We took a wait and see attitude. We've continued that latency attitude and have not bought back stock during the past quarter as well. But as we look ahead, we are clearly looking at our extraordinarily strong cash and liquidity position, and looking how we deploy capital in an even way. We're clearly going to pay down debt which we've already day-lighted. We will, in some form, resume a stock buyback program and look at other ways to properly deploy capital to enhance returns. So, that's our focus.
Jon Jaffe: Yes. Truman, I'd add that during COVID, we didn't walk away from a single land deal. We didn't lose a single land deal. We postponed and pushed and so we -- in this quarter, started repurchased -- continuing that purchase of land. And as you saw, our percentages shifted to a greater percentage of control. So, even though we're in a constrained land market, our focus and execution is consistent with our stated goal and what Rick just described what we're driving towards.
Jon Jaffe: Truman, it's Jon. Well, lumber peaked really at the end of our quarter, end of August, and it has already come back about 19% in terms of future's -- future pricing. So, as we look forward, I would expect we'll probably see a decline of probably up 40%, maybe a little bit more as you roll forward about three months. And so, as we think about the impact, we will re-lock for Lennar or lumbar prices in October. It will impact about half of our closings in Q1 and about half in Q2, just because of different cycle times. And as I said, I expect that, the other half of Q2 will probably be lumber pricing. That's somewhere 50% to 60% of current levels. So we do see that coming down. As we look at our third quarter, our labor and material costs were pretty much flat both sequentially and year-over-year. And so, as Rick mentioned earlier, I think the team’s done a really great job of focusing on value engineering, on plan selection, to make sure that we can really manage our costs well. And particularly on the labor side, we continue to be laser-focused on our even flow strategy, which is just a huge benefit to the trades as they manage through the labor constraint. And let's say, we just continue to hit strides, as Rick mentioned, our cycle time is really strong in actually this quarter. It was enhanced over prior quarter and year-over-year. So all those focuses, I think, bode well for us. And as you mentioned, we are making sure that we're not selling out too far ahead, so we can take advantage of pricing power. And if we continue to match cost the way that we are, we should continue to those higher-margin results for us, as we spoke about in the beginning of the call.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. Ivy, the only thing I'd add to that is, as Stuart, Jon, and I have really looked at the limited inventory that's available on the market, there's really premium pricing available for things that are close to completion or completed. And it doesn't make sense for us to sell so early or do a dirt sale when we can command a higher price because people want something they can move into.
Rick Beckwitt: And I guess the other thing I'd add, Ivy, which is just math. If you just take a 16% growth in sales for the quarter on a $50,000 plus type of run rate and compare that to a much higher growth rate on a smaller builder, we're still gaining share.
Rick Beckwitt: I don't think we've seen any specific markets that are out of whack. We continue to benefit from the solid relationships we have with the land community. We've been doing transactions and strategizing for years with the land community. And those deep relationships are continuing to provide us opportunities, as Stuart mentioned.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. So for 2021, we're anticipating a 10% community count increase year-over-year. We have all those communities in hand today. And are very comfortable with the rollout of those throughout the balance of 2021.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. And just following up on the new home automation is just incredible demand, WiFi connectivity, no dead spots in the home. The home automation package that we're offering is a real driver of growth, whether it's on the entry-level or the move-up side.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah. So the only thing I'd add to that is that you'd see us utilizing extremely efficient, highly productive product that's going to continue to drive those margin increases. Jon and the team have done a phenomenal job at value engineering, what we built and just continuing to drive cost out. That combined, you'll see a continuation of our focus on the entry-level and that first time move-up, to really capture the flag that you were talking about with regard to where the market growth is.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. I think we're constantly evaluating ways to maximize the underlying value of those investments. As Stuart said, over and over that we're very focused on reverting to core. We're very focused on enhancing the returns and maximizing the value of the assets. If you look at the various components, whether it's LMC, which is a blue chip, Class A Multifamily production machine, they have created a great franchise. Moving to the technology, I'll really let Jon and Stuart talk about that. But the investments that have been made there as Stuart has said, benefit the core with regard to increasing the efficiencies of our operations, but also we really lay the groundwork for, hopefully, some great returns on those investments in and of themselves.
Rick Beckwitt: So, on the land hold side, we are laser-focused on bringing the land owned down to that three-year level or less. We're very focused, as Stuart said, of getting to that 50% owned option. And we have a high degree of confidence that we'll get there. The entire company, all of our land acquisition folks are laser-focused on achieving those goals.
Rick Beckwitt: If you think about it, Truman, when you're a landowner, one of the biggest drivers of your ability to make a cash flow on that asset is the builder's ability to work through those homesites on an accelerated basis. And given the fact that our cycle time is industry leading, we offer a great solution to a landowner on a takedown basis, because they make their money at the end of the deal, not at the beginning of the deal.
Rick Beckwitt: So this really goes back to the theme that we've had for the past many years and that is the one around production deficit. Is this a short-term phenomenon? Or has COVID ignited a sustainable expansion for housing? I think that there are attributes of what has happened in the recent past that might dissipate the migration from urban to suburban or from vertical to horizontal – might or might not dissipate. But at the end of the day, we still are left as a country – across the country with a deficit in dwellings in housing, both rental and for sale, both Multifamily and single-family growings for the population. We have seen millennials enter market. We have seen more move-out of a co-living space with their parents and enter the household formation and ownership market. I think we're going to continue to see these trends. People are valuing where they live, how they live in a much greater way. I think it was partially ignited by this moment with COVID, but it was destined to happen in time as family formation grew as post-COVID gave way to the realities of Family formation homeownership. So at the end of the day, a 10-year production deficit, which is what we've seen is in our view is going to be the fuel for an expansion that covers the next years not just for the short term and that's how we're viewing the market. That's how we're thinking about our future.
Rick Beckwitt: I don't have that information off hand, but I know Diane will be able to accumulate it and give it to you later. Yes, we'll pass it on later.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. I'll tell you that right now, we're very lean on completed inventory per community, which is exactly where we want to be. It's around one or less on an aggregate basis on a community level basis, which means that we're keeping a highly efficient cash flow model going. We've got an assembly line that is producing homes to fill that gap. And we're exactly where we want to be on completed homes as well as under construction homes, right.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah. And one of the things you mentioned is when we pause the activity on both the starts and the development during COVID, it slowed down some of our newer communities from opening. So as you highlighted, community count is dipping in Q4. But as I said, in 2021, you'll see a rebuild of that.
Stuart Miller: At the end of the day -- let me just say that at the end of the day, for us, it comes down to margin and margin growth and margin focus. We're going to be able to increased returns on the assets that we have and have a measured approach going forward. I think it's very difficult in this market to ramp up production at an accelerated rate when we see sales rates coming in at a very high rate production just has to lag, there's only so much that can be brought to the market at any one time.
Stuart Miller: Yes. We're in no way, Truman, changing our strategy, given the fact that the market is much, much stronger than any of us saw coming in the midst of COVID. The strategy continues to be migrating towards a just-in-time delivery model for land and we have been working and focusing on getting there. You've heard Rick and you've heard Jon talk about land relationships and programs in specific markets. We've been focused on land relationships and programs at the corporate level as well, in order to move and migrate towards that just-in-time delivery model, which includes a much greater emphasis on option land, much greater cash flow and deploying cash in areas where we're producing highest returns. And you can expect that going to be a continued strategy as we go forward.
Stuart Miller: Well, look, I think that, as we said in our remarks, our 16% year-over-year growth rate in new orders was well above our targeted rate. And we continue to maintain that targeted rate. It's a function of cash flow. It's a function of efficiency and effectiveness. It's also a function of what we believe we and the industry can actually put into production in the short-term as we start to ramp up to meet the demand that's in the marketplace. So as we looked ahead to our fourth quarter and we started to give guidance, perhaps there is an element of conservatism. But at the same time, we are managing to a more constrained growth rate than perhaps others are. We don't want to get that far out over our skis. We recognize what is doable relative to production levels and we simply don't want to get into the rat race of chasing something that is way out over the horizon. So it's a function of not just what the market is giving or what we can sell into the market, but also a function of what rate we can actually ramp up production and accommodate the request and the demand that's in the market right now.
Stuart Miller: Yes. It would be easy to look at this as defensive positioning, but that's not at the root of our strategy. We've daylighted pretty consistently over the past quarters that our strategy is to manage our growth rate to focus on cash flow and returns and to deploy capital in that direction. I think that what you're seeing in the way that we're managing our business as the market has ramped up very quickly, is a controlled program of moving forward of growing our business and expanding our production. But doing so in an orderly fashion, focusing on returns and making sure that we're also focused on not selling way out of the head, dirt sales where costs are less certain, but instead, inventory homes that are under production that increase our inventory turns as well. So this is a very detailed strategy that we're very pleased with the way that we've executed. And it's not – as I said earlier, we think that the dynamics of the market right now are poised for a future growth rate that continues along the lines that you're seeing today. I'm not talking enough for Lennar, I'm talking for the industry overall. We think that the market is strong and is likely to remain strong, and we're likely to see an expansion for homebuilding for the foreseeable future.
Stuart Miller: You welcome, and I want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to reporting back at the end of our fourth quarter. Thank you.
