Jon Jaffe: Thanks, Rick. Today I want to speak about our focus on cost reduction across our platform. First, I'll discuss our significant size and scale that led to Lennar becoming the builder of choice, resulting in reduced direct construction costs and advantageous cycle times. With respect to direct construction costs, I mentioned on our last earnings call that we looked forward at the next few quarters and saw that directionally our direct construction costs were decreasing. This bore out in our third quarter as we saw our direct costs were down sequentially from Q2 by $0.99 per square foot or 1.6%. From a year-over-year perspective, our direct costs were up just 3%. This represents the lowest rate of year-over-year increase in 11 quarters and compares favorably to a year-over-year rate of 7% just last quarter. We have visibility into the continuation of this trend over the next few quarters as we review the direct costs for homes delivered in Q3 by the quarterly cohort that the homes were started in. Looking at these sequential cohorts, it's very clear that our direct costs are trending down over each subsequent quarter and will contribute positively to our gross margins going forward. Sequentially, in Q3 our material costs were down 3.5% from Q2. Significantly, over 65% of our material cost line items were lower sequentially, with the biggest declines coming from lumber, drywall and exterior finishes. As I've previously discussed, lumber represent the largest single cost item at approximately 13% of total direct costs. Lumber reached its low in December 2018 and has since remained in a range averaging about $350 per 1,000 board feet. On the labor side of costs, the severity of the labor shortage in the construction industry has not abated, but our labor costs moved up just 1% sequentially in Q3 over Q2. We see across all of our markets that our Builder of Choice focus is playing out to allow Lennar to minimize the impacts of this labor shortage. Some real-time examples of this as we have national and regional manufacturers struggling with critical labor shortages and supply interruptions. In three separate situations, these suppliers, who are strategic partners of Lennar, are flying in crews and materials from other regions of the country to complete the work on Lennar communities. These are a few examples demonstrating that our size and scale allow us to get above and beyond responses to rectify issues. This is further evidence of our ability to attract trades to our job sites away from other builders, enabling Lennar to have significant cycle time advantages. Size and scale, combined with even flow production in our everything's included platform provides a consistent, predictable volume for our trades. Let me now turn to SG&A for a moment. Given our significant size and scale, we are leveraging our overhead with a focus on simplifying all of our operations, systems and processes to allow our associates to operate more efficiently. We continue to gain operating leverage through simplifying our systems, processes and procedures. As a result, our associates have become significantly more efficient and productive, resulting in our year-over-year personnel spending flat where our volume increased by 7%. We continue to leverage technology to reduce our customer acquisition cost spend by sourcing higher quality online customer leads. Our focus is on the quality of our internet leads, not just quantity. Through rigorous A/B testing of digital marketing strategies and tactics, we deliver higher quality leads to our internet sales team. The result is, our internet leads defined as someone who request specific information and give us their contact information are up 50% over last year. The resulting high volume of high-quality leads reduces realtor spend and delivers more volume across the fixed costs of our sales platform. I will conclude by echoing what you heard from both Stuart and Rick. We are laser-focused on improving our net operating margin, free cash flow, and return on capital. To achieve these goals, our program is simple: maximize efficiency; be land-light; have everything's included even flow production, with sales matched to the production pace; drive direct costs down through strategic Builder of Choice partnerships; and use technology and leverage to reduce our SG&A. Now, I'll turn it over to Diane.
Jon Jaffe: Ivy, it's Jon. I'd say, most pleasantly surprised with how quickly and smoothly the integration went across the entire platform. So, to me, it's not one particular area that stands out, but everyone very quickly was on the same page. There was no confusion about do you turn left or right, and a very quick transition to everything's included out in the communities to have our consumer-facing front all on the same page. Same thing as you look across our internet, digital marketing platform, same thing as you look across our land acquisition discipline. Everybody really is in lockstep pulling in the same direction, and I'd say that's what we're most pleased about.
Jon Jaffe: Ivy, it's Jon. I'd interject that the strategic relationships, the differential between what you hear from other builders, I believe is that these are long-term ongoing relationships that will continue to produce opportunities for us over time as compared to one-off auction transactions with a developer doing a single parcel.
Jon Jaffe: Okay. This is Jon. I just would add one other point to this is – we have complete optionality since this is the same product as we're building for sale to go whatever direction makes the most sense in terms of meeting the market demand and producing the highest returns for us.
Rick Beckwitt: In the year ago period, we had a lot of new communities open in the quarter, and we had a pretty strong sales period in the year ago. There is nothing going on that's abnormal or unusual. I feel that the Eastern markets are strong across the board.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, I think with regard to the acceleration of people's desire to close, when rates move people lock, and they don't want to lose the opportunity, and we just saw some people do that in the third quarter. And if there is a similar phenomenon in Q4, then we'd expect something like that as well, but we haven't put that in our guidance.
Rick Beckwitt: I guess I'd add to that, Ivy. We had always assumed and expected that given the increase in scale and size in our markets that that would be a significant advantage. And if anything, we underestimated the benefit of that. And it really comes from all aspects of the business, access to labor, our cost structure, and really on the land side.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. I think the key differential is, people that we're working with are experts in going through the entitlements and really finding great pieces of properties that are a game-changer. And if you think about our core business, as a builder we don't want to really play in the entitlement space. So, these are regional folks that – this is what they do. They find opportunities before anybody else can, and we've worked with them to expand our land platform and we have expanded them into other geographies, and it's working effectively.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. We didn't have too much variability among the months in the quarter. And as we've always said, we're really focused on net pricing and focused on maximizing the value of our inventory and turning inventory. Our key focus, as Stuart, Jon, and Diane and I have said is, we're very focused on return on investment. And so net margin is really what we're focused on.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. We're expecting to see community count growth going into 2020 progressing through the year. And with our focus on the entry level and lower priced market, absorptions are going to be stronger given the fact that there is higher velocity in the entry level market.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. So, Stuart is exactly right. There are a lot of moving pieces with regard to margin as we look at 2020 and 2021. Our focus on increasing returns has an impact on the gross margin. We will be taking land very much closer to the start of construction, and as a result, there is a trade-off between gross margin – and I've said in the past, it could be 100 basis points, 150 basis points but returns go up exponentially. And we believe that that's an important thing for us to focus on. In addition, as we move down the price curve, the entry level homes generally have a lower margin, but much, much higher IRRs associated with that. So, when we come to the fourth quarter, we'll give you guidance on where we think we'll be for 2020, but all in all, it will be a really strong profitable year.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. Directly to answer your question, our primary focus is doing it in communities that are owned by a third party. That's our highest return on investment. It allows us to leverage our overhead. It allows us to build a very efficient program and build that scale fast. In addition to that, we are looking at doing single-family rental as an additional product offering in some of our existing communities, having a section of the community increase the pace and return on investment in those communities. So, it's going to be a combination of things. But as Stuart said, this is our core business. We're building, selling and closing the homes and doing it fast.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, with regard to the mix in 2020, I did say that we'll be – it'll be a higher percentage of entry-level, probably moves up 2% to 3%, 4%-ish, depending on when those communities come online. We've really targeted across the board a lower price point. You can see it in our sales orders in every geographic segment of the company. And it's primarily being led by Texas and some of the Florida markets. But there is a – we've really worked on a highly engineered efficient floor plans that we're just rolling out [everywhere].
Stuart Miller: I think that – look, I think that the most remarkable part of two years – just two years passing since that announcement, and no disrespect intended, we don't even talk about the acquisition anymore. We are one Lennar, we're one company, and the vestiges of integration, things like that are far behind us. I think that as one company, we are focused on using our size and scale to really leverage every aspect of our business. You hear about it a lot relative to land, you hear about it a lot relative to production costs, and you see a lot of leverage in SG&A, and all of those components are being driven by the fact that we've got size and scale and a fully integrated program as one company, unified program.
Stuart Miller: There is no specific reason. We just traditionally give guidance for the following year in the fourth quarter. Last year, we made a decision strategically to accelerate that, and we've just gone back to our normal practice. As I said in my comments, we are optimistic about 2020. It's just a little premature for us to do – to give specific guidance. And I think that as we have traditionally done in the fourth quarter, we will give the guidance that we normally give.
Stuart Miller: Yes. So, historically, we've not given additional guidance past the quarter's end. But as we said in our remarks, the market has been very strong, and it has continued to be improving and I think we'll go about that far. Don't want to set a new standard. But it's clear that the trend through the quarter was positive with August being our most robust month and continuing into the fourth quarter, we're seeing additional strength.
Stuart Miller: I think that we talk about this a lot. It's easy to get a little confused in today's market. There is a lot of noise in the political scene, and it certainly feels like it's creating crosscurrents. But as we look to the feedback that we're getting real-time from the customers coming to our Welcome Home Centers and talking to us about their thought process, their future, we're still seeing that underpinning the fundamentals of the economy are driving consumer sentiment. And perhaps we are more sensitive to the noise than the actual consumers. Low unemployment, generally positive job growth, a fairly strong economy, all of these things seem to be driving consumer sentiment more than some of the new stories that we see that seem to be politicized. And so, we're – as we've noted, we've seen growing strength as we went through our third quarter, and that seems to be the dominant direction. I know that there is a lot of question about upcoming potential recession and things like that. Our customers don't seem to be viewing it that way, and I think that the housing market in general seems solid and strong and continuing to improve.
Stuart Miller: So, look, community count is a very complicated number. It's got a lot of moving parts. So, into the fourth quarter, we're kind of suspecting that our community count is going to be about where we are and we'll see a little bit more absorption. As I noted in my comments, our guidance for the fourth quarter has been moderated by the production slowdown that we saw relative to all the preparation work all the way up the Eastern seaboard that had to take place relative to the hurricane coming through, and that really shut down a few weeks of production. So, our guidance might have been higher had we not had that kind of blip along the way. In terms of community count, as we look into 2020, I think that what we've probably understated is the really strong relationships that are driving our land strategy overall, all the way from the way that we're migrating from owned to option programs to the access to new communities to the kind of regional and sometimes national relationships that will define the way that we own and hold land and are prepared for growth in the future, these are evolving stories that really come down to very, very strong long-term relationships that have been enhanced by our additional size and scale. And the two, relationship and size and scale, are working hand-in-hand to give us a great deal of confidence that as we think about community count going into 2020, we are on an upward trajectory, and that's going to define our growth prospects as we go forward.
Stuart Miller: Okay. So, that's a lot of questions embedded in one there, Mike. So, let me see how I can do. Let me start at the end and say that we're really not changing our growth trajectory. We are refining the way that we get there, and we're really using the expanded relationships that we've got and size and scale to moderate our growth. But the access to land that we are – that we're working on and working with right now really enables us to grow as much as we perhaps want to. But we're constraining that growth in order to do it in the most effective way possible. And by constraining growth what we're enabling of ourselves is the ability to make that migration from a land-heavier to a land-lighter strategy, which is going to generate very strong cash flows that enable us to manage our balance sheet, our debt levels and our return of capital strategically. So, we're really pretty enthusiastic about that. Again, the relationships that we have that are long-term relationships, together with the size and scale that we've amassed, gives us a lot of optionality. And we know that we've highlighted a fairly aggressive target in terms of migrating from what was 20% to 25% to 30% option versus owned land relationship to a 40% to 50% level over the next couple of years, and that's an aggressive standard. But when we look at what's in our hopper and the things that we're working on and understand that when this management team focuses on something, we have a lot of tools in our toolbox. We have people who have deep, rich relationships that we can activate that stuff and make these things happen, and that's what's happening behind the scene. What we have in the hopper right now gives us a pretty good sense and confidence about being able to set high standards and expectations and then deliver on them. That's what you've seen from us in the past. That's what you're going to see from us now.
Stuart Miller: So, look, there are some moving parts in this, and I'm going to let Rick kind of directly answer the question, but I want to highlight one thing first, and that is – look, land prices generally are and have been moving up. And then the migration toward a land-lighter strategy generally means you're buying more of a retail priced land asset underneath each and every home. What is exciting to us and remarkable is, as Jon properly highlighted, our size and scale is helping us offset some of those natural increases in price with some reductions in our production cost, reductions in our SG&A, to get to a net margin that is really consistent and strong going forward. So, Rick, maybe you'd like to weigh in on the direct margin question.
Stuart Miller: Hi, Buck. Okay. Good. Do you want to go through your question again? Somehow, we had an audio problem.
Stuart Miller: I don't think it was your fault, Buck. I think it was something on our end, but thanks for your questions.
Stuart Miller: And our single-family for rent program and strategy will add to the change and the migration in that mix. Look, as we come to conclusion here today, let me just say that there are a lot of moving parts in our business that are reflected in the third quarter as all moving in the right direction, and I think that that's what you're hearing from the management team right now is we're enthusiastic about the business, we're enthusiastic about the market, and how it's shaping up as we look toward 2020. And we think that the business is on a really good track to make the changes, to make the programs and position the pieces to really have an exciting year ahead. So, thank you for joining us. We look forward to reporting our fourth quarter.
