Jonathan M. Jaffe: Good morning. As Stuart noted, we saw continued improvement in our third quarter results with a post impairment 23.2% gross margin and an 11.2% net operating margin. This bottom line profitability was driven by our focus on pricing strategies, product offerings, direct cost management and by leveraging our operating structure. We continued to see a normalized sales pace in the third quarter, with a rate of 3.2 sales per community per month as compared to last year with a 2.2 sales per month rate. This level of activity produced 4,198 new orders and has positioned us with a backlog of 4,513 homes, respectively, 44% and 79% year-over-year improvement. In the context of these improving market conditions, many investors' questions have turned to the cost side of the equation. Let me give you some color as to what we see going on in the field. In the third quarter, we saw cost increases in all of our markets. The level of these increases range from $2,000 to $3,000 per home and an average total of about $2,400 per home or just over $1 per square foot. This equates to about 10 basis points of our average sales price. Many of these increases are not yet reflected in our closings as the timing of the effective date on each contract will vary. Cost increases range by product type and from region to region, depending upon the local supply-demand balances. The material categories that have increased the most over the last year are lumber, drywall and concrete. Together, these categories are up year-over-year, about $0.75 per square foot. In some markets, labor constraints are also contributing to the increasing costs. This is most commonly seen in framing and drywall labor. As an offset, we continue to implement cost reductions with the systems and controls we put in place during the downturn. Through a nationally driven purchasing process, we've achieved savings that reduce the impact of these cost increases. Through our process for analyzing field construction variances, we have reduced material quantities used in our homes, saving about $0.18 per square foot year-over-year. Another example of this is our value engineering review on hardware and beams that has saved us about $0.22 per square foot. Cycle time is another topic where we received questions from investors. While to date, our average cycle time has remained level, there are areas with shortages of labor supply that could drive cycle time a little higher. Markets like Phoenix, parts of Florida and Texas have labor shortages in some trades while other markets like the Inland Empire, Dallas and Charlotte have labor pools that have been able to absorb the increase in activity. Again, we believe that our strong management team will mitigate most of the impact of these labor shortages. While construction costs are trending up as the market normalizes, we're finding the opportunity to improve our sales prices. Sales pricing appears to be reverting back to normal market conditions. Prices had overcorrected during the downturn, dropping by as much as 25% to 30%. So the 4% year-over-year improvement in our average sales price represents the continuation of an adjustment, not back to peak conditions, but to a more normal market condition. The opportunity to improve prices comes from a combination of reducing incentives and raising prices. Our average incentives for the third quarter were down to 9.2%, a 280-basis point improvement. Our average sales price was $258,000, an improvement of $11,000 over last year. We expect as pricing returns to normal, we will be able to cover cost increases and deliver the high level of gross margin we achieved in the third quarter as we move forward. With our increased volume, we continue to leverage our operating structure. With deliveries up 28% year-over-year, our SG&A dropped to 12% of revenues, a 230-basis point improvement. Again, the disciplines put in place during the downturn help us manage our overhead as conditions improve. An example of this is our advertising spend where we reduced our total advertising cost by 25% year-over-year and 12% sequentially. This drop represents 70 basis points of the 230-basis point reduction in SG&A. As market conditions improved, we were quick to address our advertising and other selling costs that were no longer necessary. As we look forward, we believe our management team and the systems and controls we have in place and the reengineering of our company during the downturn will work to provide industry-leading operating margins. Thank you, and I'd now like to turn it over to Rick.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Sure. Steve, the unbundling point that Rick mentioned tied together with software and technology enabled us to do takeoffs and estimates of our plans much faster than we're able to before, really gives us a clarity into the details of purchasing that we didn't have before. And when things are moving very fast, it's hard to implement those. When things were slower, we were able to implement those. And I think as things continue to pick up, that will pay off from our ability to really track material usage and shift materials quickly when we need to. And then on a pure sort of technology side, today, we have rolled out iPads in the field and our construction managers are able to communicate very quickly with architects and engineers, find solutions, communicate information. Those things that used to take a couple of days perhaps can now get solved in a matter of minutes, and all those will add to our efficiency.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: When you look at what's happening with the material cost, you've seen the biggest increase in lumber where that represents about 7.5% of our construction spend and you've seen that go up anywhere in the 20%, 25% range, and then you go down to other materials that most of them represent 2% or 3% of the total spend. And in total, I think we've seen probably about a 5% increase. And because that represents about 42% of our sales price, it doesn't have a big impact if any one item goes up on our margins.
Bruce E. Gross: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning. I'll provide a little more color to the results, starting with Homebuilding. The company's average sales price, that increased 4% year-over-year to $258,000. I'd like to give a breakdown by region. The East region was $245,000, up 11%; Southeast Florida was $278,000, up 1%; Central, $225,000, up 1%; Houston, $236,000, up 3%; West Region, $299,000, down 1%; Other, $358,000, down 5%. Jon and Rick already highlighted the drivers of our strong gross margin performance and significant operating leverage during the quarter, so I'm going to turn to the Financial Services segment. We had a good quarter in Financial Services, generating operating earnings of $25.3 million versus $8 million last year. The third quarter is typically the strongest quarter of the year for the Financial Services segment and it was helped further this year with the strong refinance environment leading to higher volumes and strong operating leverage. Mortgage pretax income increased to $22.3 million from $7.4 million in the prior year. This quarter's mortgage originations increased by 72% to $1.3 billion. Our in-house mortgage capture rate of Lennar homebuyers was 75% this quarter. Originations with non-Lennar homebuyers increased 116% this quarter, primarily due to an increase in the number of refinance transactions. Our title company had a $3.6 million profit in Q3 and that compared with $1.3 million in the prior year. This was driven by a 35% increase in revenues. Our Rialto business segment that Jeff talked about, generated operating earnings of $7.7 million, and again, this number is net of $13.4 million of net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest. As you remember, we have to consolidate the FDIC transaction, and this compares to $5.7 million in the prior year. Let me go through the composition of Rialto's $7.7 million of operating earnings by type of investment. Our PPIP investment contributed $16 million of earnings, and this includes profits from interest income, sale of securities and management promote fees. Our first Rialto Real Estate Fund contributed $6.2 million of earnings this quarter. The FDIC transactions had a $7.8 million loss during the quarter. The non-FDIC portfolios had $0.5 million loss and these amounts were reduced by approximately $6.2 million of general and administrative expenses and other, which is net of management fees and reimbursements of $6.7 million. The $7.8 million FDIC loss was due to impairments during the quarter. Each quarter, we review all the cash flows in the FDIC deal, and due to some changes in timing and reduction in cash flows, we recorded $20 million of impairments in the FDIC portfolios with our share totaling approximately $8 million. Rialto continues to generate strong cash flow. At quarter end, the FDIC debt, net of cash available in the defeasance account and in Rialto's cash account, was $211 million. As Stuart highlighted, we have been focusing on recycling capital invested in Rialto back to Lennar. And in the third quarter, we returned approximately $70 million from the PPIP and this now reduces Lennar's total investment in Rialto to approximately $530 million. Turning to taxes. This quarter, we reversed $44 million of the remaining $177 million deferred tax asset reserve, and we continue to believe most of the remainder will reverse by the end of 2013. We expect there will be enough reversal of the DTA reserves in Q4 to offset any tax expense. Our balance sheet liquidity improved in the third quarter with $692 million of cash and no outstanding borrowings under our $525 million 3-year unsecured revolving credit facility. The committed portion of the facility has been increased to $500 million subsequent to quarter end. We continued our balance sheet strategy of pushing out debt maturities while reducing our cost of capital as we raised $400 million of 4.75% senior notes due 2017 and simultaneously tendered for $205 million of 5.95% notes due 2013. We took a charge of $6.5 million relating to the successful tender in the coming quarter. Let me turn it open for questions now.
Bruce E. Gross: There's a lower percentage of FHA/VA as you're looking at the refi business. I don't have the exact percent on the refi business. Our FHA percentage came down this quarter. If you look at it, combined FHA/VA down to about 53%, and of that 53%, FHA was 37% and VA was about 16% of that 53% number. So the sourcing of that business, it's being sourced by our loan consultants in the field. As you remember, we had a company called Eagle Mortgage that we combined into Universal American Mortgage, and we have loan consultants around the country that are focused in driving that business.
Bruce E. Gross: No, I wouldn't say that there's a lot of difference other than as far as LTV, in a refinance, you're going to have a lower LTV than you will because you're going to have less FHA business, less purchase business. So we're dealing with highly qualified buyers, FICO scores and credit quality remains high. Those people that are able to refinance do have good credit today.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure. Out of the 124,000, Ken, about 106,000 are owned and the rest are controlled. And as far as the mothballed homesites -- I'm sorry, the finished homesites, you asked, finished homesites, let me give you a dollar amount because we don't typically break out the number as far as homesites go. Finished homesites have been running about $540 million as far as a pure finished homesite. Now if a homesite is in progress, construction in progress, there'll be a component of finished homesites included in our CIP as well. That's not right [ph].
Bruce E. Gross: Let me just highlight the way that we call an active community. Anytime a community has 5 or more homes to sell and it's actively selling, we call it an active community and that's what makes up the 444 number that Rick gave you.
Bruce E. Gross: Yes, look, as we go forward, I think we'll have to look at the environment as we go, but we've given some guidance with gross margin as we've had stability. You don't have the land impairments that we've had to deal with. We're seeing the ability to raise prices, so we've given some level of our thoughts on gross margin. As far as activity going forward, I think when there's more clarity as to how many of the communities are actually coming out and whether the sales -- how much the sales pace might be changing, it will be a lot easier for us to give guidance because there's so much operating leverage, the volume's going to drive a lot of what we might guide. So I think we're going to look at this again very closely. We're in the middle of our planning season. And with the next quarterly conference call, after we come out of the planning season, we're going to be discussing what kind of metrics we can give for next year.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, Mike, we're really holding short of looking too far ahead and projecting future sales, deliveries and margins. And I think that we don't -- we certainly don't want to get ahead of ourselves or encourage anybody to get ahead of where we are. What we are seeing is strength in our numbers. We have an improving environment that is yielding increased pricing, but also increased cost. We've made some very important strategic land acquisitions. We have some mothballed communities coming back online. There are a number of positives, but we're still working through an uneven kind of recovery. So I don't want to answer the question by guiding to a gross margin range. But as we sit here today, the outlook is fairly positive with increased volumes and a good strategic position.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay, let me take that, Mike. As we highlighted, first of all, from the mortgage approval process, appraisals have been -- appraisers have been cooperating with the price increases that we've been seeing coming through. So that's been helpful in the process in terms of the mortgage approval process for the full amount of what we're selling the homes for. We're seeing people coming out of the penalty boxes for some of the short-selling foreclosures, where they were put aside until they eliminated that. Income levels have been improving, and in general, we're seeing the trend positive in terms of approval percentages. And I don't know, Rick, if you want to add anything to that.
Stuart A. Miller: Sure, Alan. This quarter, because of the success we had with the bottom line, that ties directly into the way that we're compensating our management team, which is bottom line profitability. So the variable compensation expense is what drove the majority of the corp G&A increase. And then we also -- this quarter, there were some shares that were issued as well so that there was some share-based compensation expense that hit as well. I do want to tell you that there's still been tremendous focus on G&A at both the corporate and the field level, and we think there's going to be leverage as our volume picks up, but there is a component that's tied to the bottom line profitability with the variable comp expense. As far as an exact percentage, we came from the low 1%, so I think we're at 2.9% now. I think, over time, as volume picks up, that percentage should come down because a lot of that corporate G&A expense is not tied to volume increasing or profitability growing. So I do think we'll get leverage. I don't have an exact percentage to give you right now, but I think over time, we'll continue to migrate down off of that 2.9% going forward.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes, just let me add to that. The pricing side of the equation is not the only part that product is instrumental in driving. Just as Rick was talking, relative to our EI platform, we've consistently said that EI enables not only an easier and more orderly program for construction, but it also helps us contain the natural trend upward in construction costs. And so while pricing is kind of reverting to normal and is kind of moving up, so, too, are costs, and our EI platform, our product strategy, is really helping us to contain that by keeping a simple program in the field and a consistent kind of SKU purchase that enables us to negotiate costs a little bit better.
Stuart A. Miller: So kind of direct answer, we're kind of thinking, as we look ahead, that there will be economies of scale that reveal themselves in this recovery differently than we've seen in the past. It is a combination of technology and the adjustments that we've made to our operating platform. And all of this dovetails very well with our Everything's Included operating program.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay, Steve, Jon reviewed a couple of those construction concepts. I'm going to toss it over to him and then Rick will come back on the land side.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay, I just want to highlight that, that was a compound question, was unrelated, so we noticed that.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay, I know the shoehorn. In any case, relative to -- regionally, I've highlighted that the recovery of market is pretty much across the country right now, but it's pocketed. And we continue to see pockets of strength in all of the major markets across the country and it's kind of expanding from there. So I really wouldn't -- I wouldn't highlight one region versus another as being -- as kind of outperforming. We do see strength in places like Florida and some of the Eastern Seaboard markets. In California, some of the markets are coming back stronger than others. In terms of price point, we still see a trend in favor of move-up purchasers. The lower end is still a little bit more constrained. But there is a recovery going on in a broad-based way across the country. It's just very pocketed and very locally focused.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, that's a lot of questions within one. You tricky guy, you. Okay, with regard to the finished lot or finished homesite opportunities that are high ROI and lower grosses, I don't want to really give you a number for competitive reasons as to where I would draw that threshold because that gets into overall strategy. But what I can tell you is that we -- depending on the number of communities, the proximity of that community to another community that we're operating in, Josh, we'd be willing to work with a lower margin because the overhead, the incremental overhead is de minimis. So if we're drawing that line from an underwriting standpoint at basically 20%, which is what the basic threshold is across the country today, it would be below that, but not much, all right? With regard to the margin and the gross margins in our mothballed communities, I tell you that there'd be some that are high and there'll be some that are below. All of them have been appropriately impaired. But as you have some things that were mothballed, there could be some just A locations in there that we chose to not bring online because we knew that the market would be really strong at some point down the road and that we'd be selling them too cheap. Those would be infill locations that we just decided to sit on.
Stuart A. Miller: I think the kind of metric that we kind of think about is that when you add absorption per community, you're only adding about 4% of SG&A. When you add a new community, an additional community, whether it's a retail developed homesite community or otherwise, you're adding about an incremental 7%, 7% to 8%, and that compares to where we are right now at 12%. So that's where you're seeing your operating leverage is, either in increasing absorption or increasing the number of communities with an already existing division. That's -- and it works in combination with all of those other factors, sales price and otherwise.
Richard Beckwitt: No, I think it's just been that we're seeing quality buyers out there that really want to execute. The process has gotten more streamlined of recent and things are going in the right direction. So still tough, but definitely gotten much better over the last quarter or so.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, there's no question good product sells for a higher price and we've been very successful in introducing new plans. Our Next Gen plans, The Home Within a Home have been selling incredibly well and commands a premium in the marketplace. Our EI packages, our EI platform is doing extremely well, too, especially in an environment where you've got labor issues in order to get things built. They're easier to build, they're faster to build. We take the confusion out of the selection process, and as a result, we command very decent pricing for that. We've instituted price increases across the board, and the good news is they're sticking and we've been consistently pushing prices up, really, every month. We don't want to kill the momentum out there, but at the same point in time, we're very focused on the bottom line right now.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, Steve, one thing to keep in mind as you look at us and you think about the land, a lot of the stuff that we're purchasing today was put under contract a year, 2 years, 3 years ago. And so it's coming on balance sheet at prices that are sub where market is today. The things we're contracting for today, if they're finished homesites, that's immediate, that's a retail type of purchase and we're still able to command 20% gross margins in that kind of stuff. Prices are up over a year or 2 ago, maybe 5% to 10% in various cases, but you've got to keep in mind that those are high ROI deals that move very quickly, so your operating leverage is tremendous if you can get good finished homesites. As far as the raw land deals that we're doing right now, there's still a shortage of folks out there that are pursuing those because there's different philosophies as to whether you want to internally develop or buy from other folks. We've been very, very aggressive in purchasing all throughout the continuum of the land curve. I've said it before, we are, I think, the best land company out there. And you've seen some of the jobs we've brought on, Steve. It's tremendous.
Richard Beckwitt: So if we're not building in a community and don't have an ongoing sales presence, construction activity, it's not in our community count. The second question was on the 25% of the...
Richard Beckwitt: It's pretty much in that line. The new things are about 200 basis points higher than the overall average for the company. As we bring in the legacy or inactive communities, it starts off a little slow because we want to build momentum, then, generally, we bring pricing back up. You got to keep in mind that we hung onto these communities for a good reason because we knew the markets would come back, we took appropriate value hits on the assets and we don't want to start selling them too cheap, so we're waiting for the appropriate time to bring them on board.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, Josh, we kind of knew that, that remark might spur this kind of question. We're really not ready to start going out and giving too much forward-looking guidance, and we're still keeping our view fairly short, recognizing that we are in the initial stages of recovery. What we're really seeing is a sense of consistency starting to present itself. And so as we look ahead, rather than that very rocky bottom that we endured for quite a long period of time, we're starting to see a lot of consistency in our quarter-over-quarter movements and are able to do some better planning around that, expecting that we're likely to see more consistency going forward and kind of more stability in the way things look ahead rather than saying that we're going to get out over our skis and start projecting. So we're not really giving guidance as we go ahead, but we are saying that we do have a good sense that the market, as we look over the next quarters, is likely to show some consistent trends with what we've been seeing.
