Stuart Miller: Well, Steve, let me start by saying you know the old adage, rich or poor, it's good to have cash, right? So just starting there, I would say that we're really rolling into the new us and developing a by-design approach to the way that we operate our business. And as is the case with evolution in general, you kind of grow into with some stops and starts, the new version of how you kind of look at the way you've configured. So I would say this. We're starting to look at our cash flow numbers, cash flow generation. We're starting to see kind of a consistency year-over-year in the kind of a baseline in the $3 billion, $3.5 billion range. You'll probably see in our Q that or in our K that, that number will be higher for 2023, but the amount of consistent annual cash flow is something that we're watching develop over time. And so when you ask your question that fits into the context of how do we think about the certainties of the programming that we have in place. As I noted in my comments, one of the interesting things of this past year was looking at the durability of our land banking relationships, the capital providers and the execution in and around land bank as markets become stressed. There's been a tremendous amount of learning around that and evolution. So the answer to the question is we kind of see our steady state cash flow is developing around $3.5 billion a year. How much cash we feel comfortable holding is something that we're -- we recognize that maybe $6 billion or $5 billion or $7 billion. Some might say that, that's too much. As we gain confidence as we start looking at the buy design approaches to the component parts of what's developing into Lennar machine, we're going to be increasing the amount that we return to shareholders through stock buybacks and other mechanisms. And so we might be a bit behind the curve that people perceive. Right now, we're going slower rather than faster as we develop new core components to our strategy that are becoming etched in stone and where we're developing confidence. So again, it might be a little slower than some might think it should be, but we are hitting stride with our comfort zone in buying back stock and thinking about the deployment of liquid assets.
Stuart Miller: Thank you for the commentary. I think that helps me answer a little bit better. And let me say that we are decidedly not holding on to cash to execute the next large-scale M&A program or some out-of-the-box growth program. So, I wanted to spell that thought process. It simply is -- and this past year has been an incredible year for our company in terms of developing the confidence around durable systems that are actually working very well. It's been a proving ground. And so I would say, don't read too much into the holding of cash. It simply is the development of confidence and stride in terms of the way that we deploy liquid assets.
Stuart Miller: So look, I think that the base answer to that question is, we'll see. The determination to market portfolio was driven by limited partners. And the timing is one where it's kind of a suboptimal time to be thinking about a sale, although who knows where interest rates go, that could change quickly. So we'll see what happens. There might or might not be. This is an episodic kind of program where it will happen or it won't, but it won't be material to the either the balance sheet or the income statement company. I'm sure if there's any profit would be discounted. And in terms of the cash infusion, it would simply be additive to our cash position and maybe can inspire us to do more stock buyback. So we'll just have to wait and see on that. I don't think there's any additional guidance that could be given at this point.
Stuart Miller: Really interesting question, Alan. I thought about this a lot over the past year as the resale market has appropriately held down to mortgages that are very attractive interest rates and therefore, have not added to the traditional supply that defines the resale market. But the more I think about it and test my thinking, it just seems to me to be a zero-sum game if the resale market is activated by a tick down in interest rates, which it might be because in traditional fashion, first-time buyers find that the family is growing and they move up to a move up, second move up position. It does seem to me that to the extent that interest rates do activate the resale market and additional supply comes on the market, along with that supply comes additional demand because what has been missing from the market is the traditional resell buyer looking for that move-up home and decided the first-time market have been very thirsty for new home product because the traditional resell product simply hasn't been available. So I suspect if the existing home market is activated as interest rates do trend down, should they trend down, that it will result both in additional supply for the first-time buyer and additional demand for the move-up buyer. And we've been thinking a lot about that. And I think that we're very well prepared for that migration as well.
Stuart Miller: Yeah, I think that's a good characterization for right now. But what I'm trying to articulate is that we are evolving our thinking in this regard. I want to say emphatically that we're not looking for and holding back for large land deals. We're not looking for and holding back for M&A transactions. So let's say that that's not the direction that we're going right now. And that the cash flow generated [Technical Difficulty] conservatively right now, allocation between debt retirement as debt comes due and the remainder for stock buyback.
Stuart Miller: So it's a great question, Mike, and it's one that we're thinking a lot about. And I think that the answer to that is we'll see, but it is our instinct that, that is very much the case. As I noted in the fourth quarter, you really saw as interest rates started to migrate above 7.5% towards 8%, as I said in my remarks, it really felt like you were hitting an inflection point where you really felt in the field that the buyers were maybe starting to hit a tipping point of losing some confidence. The way I think about it is as we've gone through this time of higher interest rates, even as we saw a sharp increase in interest rates at the inception, we were able to see incentives work. The incentives were able to help the buyer get to a point of affordability, and they transacted on the need for their housing. As we got into the fourth quarter, they were starting to get to that point where we weren't sure that incentives, even on the aggressive side, we're going to work. Time went on, interest rates started to moderate just a little bit, not kind of as they did in the past couple of days, but just that moderation took kind of the edge off. And maybe the market needed to get to a new normal. I don't know what that was actually going to be. But the question is -- the answer to your question is we did what we had to do. We did what it took to activate the market at the moment in time. We're not going to build inventory. We are not going to pull back on the overriding strategy, we're driving cash flow. We're going to meet the market where the market is, and we're going to drive through it. And that's exactly what we did through our fourth quarter. You're right that some of the margin impact might be a bit more severe as we reflect that through the first quarter and there could well be a kind of snap back and we'll have to wait and see because we are going through the seasonality of this time of the year right now.
Stuart Miller: So we're certainly not going to be naming names, and it's different across the platform. And I don't think you would even be able to identify a specific where it came from. I would say every market is different, every strategy in various markets for the competitive landscape has been different. Remember that there are some numbers that have been constrained by access to capital. There have been others that just have a very different strategy. Our strategy has been clear and consistent and where there has been pull back by one another or a group of other builders. We've winged in, we’ve built certain voids and picked up market share in that process, whether it's been a land acquisition, whether it's been in the acquisition of new trade partners to help focus on cycle time and help bring costs into focus or whether it's been in accelerating sales or sales pace, we've been able across the board to lean in and drive market share.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Thank you very much. We're going to end it there. I want to say thanks everybody for joining us. It's been a really exciting year for our company in terms of evolution, in terms of execution and in terms of learning curve and look forward to reporting on progress through 2024. Thanks for joining.
Jon Jaffee: Yeah, I would agree with what you said, Stuart. In addition, we did see as we moved into sort of the holiday season at the end of the quarter, less of a rebound as interest rates came down due to holiday seasonality, which is sort of normal. I also think that we should expect that the real focus on not just the fact that rates are lower, but more effective use of adjustable rates in order to bring down the cost of mortgage buydowns. The buyer still is in need of a lower effective interest rate to both qualify and afford homes at today's prices.
Jon Jaffee: I think that's the right articulation as you said in your opening remarks, Stuart, we're continuing to learn about the execution of our machine. And as we turn the dials, whether it's interest rate buy downs or incentives or the flow through our digital funnel or the selectiveness of brokers, we're in that stage where we are trying, learning, experimenting and providing the feedback to how we get better and more efficient at each of those levers that we pull to drive this consistent production and sales pace.
Jon Jaffee: Stuart, if I could add, as you think about the machine and the process that we've been describing to you for quarters now, it's really a reflection of the reality that none of us have a crystal ball at any moment in time to see which way rates or buyer enthusiasm is moving. So as we sat in the fourth quarter, we just dealt with the rate for what they were versus a speculation of where they might go. And so as Stuart just articulated, we appropriately used mortgage rate buydowns to keep a pace going. As we sit here today, rates look better. But again, we don't know where they're going, but we're well positioned to just maintain that pace, which by definition means we would use lower-cost mortgage buydowns, continue to drive the consistent pace. So as Stuart articulated, we'll use our margin as a sharp absorber given market conditions, interest rate environments, and you should see it move up and down as the market moves up and down.
Jon Jaffee: Just as you said, Stuart, the by design approach is to not have completed inventory, which have new inventory moving through our production machine, which we don't need to flex up or down, it will consistently come through and will consistently drive deliveries towards our goal of about 80,000 for this year. So the market conditions will ebb and flow most likely, but our machine will be very consistent through that delivering by design target that we have.
Jon Jaffee: I think the market share, the position is a byproduct of the strategy as you're hearing, it's becoming the most efficient, effective buyer of choice from Lennar sellers and the most efficient, effective builder choice for our trade partners. That's what really drives our strategy and it produces, other builders pull back or maybe accelerate will provide us consistent growth, that consistent volume to both Lennar sellers and to our trade partners.
Diane Bessette: Well, can I just jump in? So in the fourth quarter, about 48% of our deliveries were on in some sites that we purchased from third parties. I don't know what it was at the beginning of the year, but I'm sure it turns it up every quarter, and I think that we should expect to see that trending up in 2024 as we continue to become even more land lighter, reducing land on our balance sheet and having more control.
Diane Bessette: Yeah. So I think if you look big picture, it’s a growing number, but I would say that it's probably 20 or 30 basis points is probably a good [indiscernible] and that will probably grow as we increase that percentage. But [indiscernible] about 20 or 30 basis points.
Diane Bessette: And I think, Ken, I would also just add as it relates to that, you might be referring to the fact that in prior quarters and prior years, we did a fair amount of early redemption on our future senior notes. And obviously, because we really want to -- I've always said that while the debt to total capital ratio is important, I think what's perhaps more important in my mind, there's a little been nominal dollars on your balance sheet. And so we really wanted to take down the nominal dollars [indiscernible] And now we’re at $2.5 billion. It feels like there isn't quite a need to keep pulling debt forward. We can just kind of pay it down in an orderly fashion as it becomes due. So that's what I was thinking about it at the moment.
Diane Bessette: Yeah. So I think, Mike, as we've been articulating, we have been seeing a little bit more broker participation as sales have been a little challenging at certain times, we've been utilizing brokers judiciously, certainly using tiered programs and the like to ensure that we are capturing sales, but spending dollars judiciously. Additionally, as you heard us talk about, the machine, a very big part of that is the lead generation on the digital side, how do you get more leads into the funnel so that we have higher conversion rates. And so we've been, again, judiciously spending dollars on that spend because we believe that in the end, that will really produce a higher net margin for us because it's less costly than brokers or other things. So I think those are the two areas that have really been impacting our SG&A in the last few quarters.
