Stuart Miller: I think the way that we’re thinking about it is this, Bob, this has been a very shallow very slow and steady recovery unlike the kind that you would have expected in the context of such a deep and steep decline. It has been framed by mortgage availability and a variety of economic factors but because it has been slow and steady, we think that we’re probably earlier in the recovery cycle than one would expect for the duration that we’ve been at it. Now what that means is that from the standpoint of land, land has accelerated in pricing maybe even ahead of itself. So, in terms of the maturity of land pricing, we’re seeing that land pricing has recovered at a faster pace than the overall market. Land is still in short supply, so it is difficult to come by a location best located properties and the pricing is more of a retail nature than a deeply discounted nature. So the way we’re thinking about it is, we have a lot of runway ahead of us in terms of further recovery for the market as I’ve noted defined by the production deficit but at the same time with lands being a lot more pricy than it has been in the past. We’re really carefully managing our land acquisition and we’re also constraining growth. We could step on the accelerator and grow volume at an accelerated pace but that would mean reaching out for broader land deals, bigger land deals we’ve noted in the past that we’ve been managing both the front end and the tail of our land acquisitions in order to carefully balance maximizing pricing power, maximizing margins, and generating free cash flow at the same time.
Stuart Miller: I think Rialto is growing its bottom line maintaining its overhead level. Operating leverage is going to derive from growing assets under management, RMF continuing to perform at a very strong level and the continued depletion of some of our legacy assets which do take some additional management time and stress. So, you're going to see Rialto continue to improve its bottom line.
Stuart Miller: Yes, well, look we've highlighted that you've got land costs that have been going up, you've got labor costs that have been going up, you've got pricing that is fitting in some market conditions and we'll see how that evolves, we're expecting kind of a mid-single digit increase in terms of ASP over the next year, as Rick properly point out. And offsetting some of that are some of the overhead considerations, some of the SG&A, we have some very strong some very innovative program to drive SG&A down even while normal -- normalized leveraging of SG&A will help margin overtime. We think that as we go through the year, we're going to see some of the programs that we've put in place really balance out some of the headwinds that we see in the marketplace and enable us to drive a really strong bottom line.
Stuart Miller: Margins at Houston are going -- are down year-over-year, given the decline in the market, there's still good margin for us as a company. But they're not as strong as they were a year ago.
Stuart Miller: Yes, I think look, I think when you get down to it, that's a mass question and we'd have to go back and run some numbers to give real answers to that. But look, I think there's a lot of averaging in looking at our margins, there're lot of moving pieces, Rick highlights bringing in some of our mothballed assets, Houston is part of the factor. Some of the markets are very strong, some of them are a little bit, a little bit more questionable like Houston. So, there is some averaging in all of that and we're trying to give guidance for a full year when in fact looking out over here a lot of things are likely to change. Not the least of which is the land landscape coupled with the labor constraints that are out there. Costs are clearly pressured to some extent. And then there's the opportunity to leverage SG&A and again I can't highlight enough, we think we have some really innovative components of our company that are focusing attention on leveraging SG&A even more than just normal averages.
Stuart Miller: Labor is a complicated factor. One of the big questions that people ask is where is all the labor gone and why isn’t it showing backup and how does it match with unemployment and wage gains everything. To me it’s kind of a double edged sword, on the one hand labor costs are going up on the other hand wages are going up and that means more people are going to be able to afford homes. And I think it’s generally a net positive for the industry. I know that there have been different accounts of the labor conditions, I think labor conditions are different in different markets. So different builders mix will play into that. Is it getting better or is it getting worse? I think it’s hanging around the same if we had a big spike up in volume for the industry, I think it would be very hard for the labor market to respond, it would be more constrained. But all of this speaks to the benefit of the largest best positioned best managed companies and I would have to put out in a top tier in that regard. We have an excellent management team, we’re very focused on having labor in place that we’ve worked with for many years. People that are used to being paid on time, used to being treated properly, we think our Everything’s Included program works to our benefit. It is a simplified production program, so it has enabled us to navigate these waters a little bit more confidently and consistently than perhaps some of the others. So given the simple platform, given our size and scope, given our management team, I think we are -- we feel that we’ll best in class in terms of being able to manage a tight labor market that we think is going to persist. Labor is not coming back to this industry in the quantity that we need to sustain growth going forward. So, being well positioned in that regard is a net positive for the Company.
Stuart Miller: So on the mothballed communities I’d say it’s probably about a four year trajectory Steve, some markets will be faster and we brought a fair number of these communities in already. And there is some of these assets that require some land development, so that we brought into production but we may not get all the deliveries on them until the later years. But these are well positioned assets that we made a strategic decision during the downturn to not sell these communities and quite frankly that was -- looking back it was the right decision. With regards to land acquisition, I’ll give that to Bruce with regards to what we’ve spent.
Stuart Miller: And I guess the last thing I’d say on land acc is I think people need to be very focused on the difference between the purchase, the actual closing of the land deal and when the land was put under contract. And as we said, several quarters back going back into 2010, we had put under contract several assets that we’re still closing on today. And I think you’ll see that as we move into 2016 that several of these deals -- a lot of these -- most of these deals were pre 2016-2015 vintage.
Stuart Miller: No, listen, Mike I think that if you look at the market in general, the market has many elements that are moving around. We're not injecting conservatism. I think that the market has headwinds that are very real and that have to be navigated. You're hearing it from all of the homebuilders. I think that -- I think you're going to get excellent performance out of our company, but we're still going to be performing within the limitations of the marketplace in general. You hear about land constraint, the difficulties that you see across the board, companies acquiring land, it's difficult out there that’s a headwind. Labor is a headwind that -- even though we feel that we're advantaged in some of those ways, it's a limitation. So, I wouldn't be thinking in terms of us conservitizing our numbers, I think we're trying to give you a real picture of where we think things are. We've given us, we've given ourselves a fairly sizeable margin in terms of our guidance because we think that the market is volatile and difficult enough where it's uncertain as to where we're actually going to land, but I wouldn't think of it in terms of conservitizing our numbers or our performance.
Stuart Miller: Lot of work ahead of us, so we're going to have our head down and be focused on this, but I think that we're trying to give as good a guidance as we can, we don't have a crystal ball and we'll have to see how the year resolves itself.
Stuart Miller: Well, look, Mike, I'm sure that you've already crafted in your mind that here at Lennar we know the metrics associated with each and every one of the other -- or the potential M&A candidates. We think about, we look at, we dissect the opportunities that could and might be out there. We don't talk much about M&A, but let me broaden the discussion and say that we've developed a highly diversified platform. Let's not forget Rialto, let's not forget our multifamily operations and even our financial services groups. We think about M&A and combination in terms of each and every one of those groups and the multiple kind of parts that can be brought together and used as offsets. There are in our opinion limping antelopes out there for us to consider as targets across our platform. And those opportunities for us are enhanced as we focus on the organic side of our business, breeding excellence in each and every one of our components. So in the homebuilding world we've had a more vibrant kind of landscape where many are performing quite well, in other areas there are more difficult trajectories for some of the potential targets and we think there are opportunities there as well. As the landscape evolves we're looking at all of the opportunities in M&A to enhance our business and to build shareholder value. But in all instances an acquisition target is measured against an excellent organic growth program as the baseline and in order for us to engage M&A which is a lot of work and a lot of engagement, it's got to be something that works really well for our company.
Stuart Miller: We’ve been very tuned into the asset management business. We’ve of course modeled the number of scenarios relative to that. This is a process of construction. We are looking and have been looking at a variety of scenarios as to how we take these maturing businesses and enhance shareholder value. While we’re not opening the curtain just yet and giving a peek inside, I think that we have day-lighted the fact that we look at these as unique opportunity set to build shareholder value. I think we’ve got some real treasures in these ancillary businesses and whether they are looked at as in their entirety each individually or whether we bifurcate our thinking around the core asset and the management assets is something that’s very much on the table and that we think about pretty regularly. So, the answer is, we’ll all have to wait and see. It’s a dynamic environment and even the public markets are dynamic environments in that regard. I think that as a proxy remember that we have already highlighted that we are working on the programming for FivePoint and as more information becomes available and with our confidential filings, we’re going to keep the market apprised, but that’s one step in answering the question that you’re asking.
Stuart Miller: Well, look the risk retention rules are in a dynamic phase right now. There is a lot of legal question around risk retention. We believe that Rialto is uniquely positioned to be able to benefit by the operation of the risk retention rules as they take shape and firm up. So, I can’t give you a definitive answer to that right but it is our belief that Rialto will be able to continue to invest a lot of money in that very dynamic investment class. And structurally while we might have to adjust in order to meet the risk retention rules in some way as they continue to evolve, we think that the momentum of the market is moving towards the Rialto like investor away from some of the hedge funds and other competitors that have been out there and Rialto’s strongly positioned to be able to do a lot more business in this arena and risk retention will really benefit our platform.
Stuart Miller: This is the question that occupies a lot of our management time. We have been focused over the past couple of years of turning our ancillary businesses into primarily asset like high returns, high turnover businesses and as I highlighted with Rialto that process is maturing. We continue to deplete legacy assets and enhance our asset light program on the apartment LMC side of the business. You’ve seen us make a strategic move this year towards a fund manager which enables us to become much more asset like in that regard as we go through 2016. FivePoint of course has been self-sufficient using its own capital for quite some time. The answer to the question is we’ve been moving away from capital heavily and towards capital light in all of our ancillary businesses and of course on the home building side we’ve talked about tapering back on land acquisition and land development, the land component of the business going less long -- not going short just yet, but less long over time. As Bruce highlighted the numbers, in terms of land acquisition we’re down a little bit year-over-year in terms of land acquisition. Really the more interesting thing is as we're growing our business, our land spend is fairly static right now which means as a percentage it's going down, we're really focused on a cash flow model which of course as we go forward we think is going to necessitate a question about how we start to think about returning capital, we will start by reducing our debt and that will start as we go into the future and then we will start thinking about capital return to shareholders.
Stuart Miller: I think just as right now, I wouldn't give a specific metric on that, we’ll kind of wait and see, but remember that our leverage because of our substantial earnings has been drifting down and we will continue to drift down even if the debt level remain static. Nevertheless, we think that during the maturing of the home building market, we're going bring that debt level down before we start returning capital, but we will start returning capital as well.
Bruce Gross: The only thing I'd add to that is the other bucket of activity that will temper some of the margin that we've had in the past, is we're bringing out some of our mothballed community in order to generate some cash at our inventory and those have margins that are lower than the company average.
Bruce Gross: Is it, I'm not sure that I would go there, I'm not sure how much the margins in Houston are actually going to come down, but it's likely that they’ll be more at least more flattish I would say.
Bruce Gross: So for the year Steve, we spent less on land acquisitions. Last year was a $1.410 billion this is $1.384, land development costs are slightly up last year it was just under $1.1 billion this year it’s $1.150.
Bruce Gross: We did, we've said the tax rate for ’16 would be about 34% and the community count would grow in a range approximately 8% to 10%.
Bruce Gross: We did not include any of the carried interest in the guidance, unless there is cash that's received, that's what determines the booking and profitability.
