Stuart Miller: So I think it starts with the fact that affordability is stretched, but we are definitely seeing a little bit more credit card debt and personal debt from the customer showing up in their applications. We have seen some delinquencies in some of that debt. Bruce, maybe you’d like to comment a little on that.
Stuart Miller: I'm going to this [ph]. Okay. Good. So I'm not going to talk about this as a reincarnation of Quarterra because it isn't. With the prior spend, we were focused number one on a tax-free spend. And number two, it was basically our multifamily, single-family for rent assets that we were splitting into a different kind of operation. This is specifically taxable spend, straight down the fairway land that is basically under production that is regular operating land, it is not excess or ancillary property or anything like that, it should be cash flowing immediately, and it is just a straightforward spin of a land program that dovetails extremely well with what we already have in place relative to other land banking programs. This enables us to build yet another vertical that will be complementary to the others that we have, but it gives us a broader range of feeders that enable us to fortify the durability of our land-light strategy. And that's been our focus is how do we make sure and ensure that the market conditions we have today are market conditions that we can depend on in the future? Yes, we have land developers. Yes, we have land sellers that the auction land from, but we also have the added benefit of land banking structures, and we're creating another unique land banking structure with a permanent capital vehicle attribute that enables us to create that durability, that confidence that as we go forward, just like with lumber, just like with appliances, land becomes more of a commodity that we take down just in time.
Stuart Miller: Well, I think it's widely known that relative to our first fund of multifamily where we do have some investment that is currently under discussion as to how it will – it has come to the end of its fund life, and we're considering either a sale or some kind of extension program or something. Those assets will, over time, burn off. The new focus on multifamily is to be building in a more distinctly private equity-based program where we become much more of a production engine for more affordable product. The products that we were building historically and probably kind of fallen out of favor given interest rate changes. And yet affordable rental product is very desirable and something that we can produce much more comfortably within the Lennar homebuilding divisions. And so it will be much more of a production merchant build kind of program spending regularly just like the rest of our product.
Stuart Miller: Look, we've been unapologetic about the patients. As we've migrated to a land-light strategy, we wanted to be patient about recognizing that we are developing new sources of land relationships. We want to make sure that as the market ebbs and flows, that what we depended on did we [ph] evaporate. And then all of a sudden, we needed to have capital to be able to grow, to be able to produce. I think we've gained a tremendous amount of confidence in the structures that we’ve built. We're continuing to gain that confidence. We're looking to build more of those structures in order to have that durability baked in. So that we're much – we’re very comfortable holding a stronger balance sheet to just make sure that as we go forward, we continue to grow forward and have the capacity to do that. I think as we've gained confidence, the need for holding that cash becomes less and less important. I think that our $5 billion share repurchase authorization is an indicator that we're leaning more into returning capital to shareholders along with our dividend. And it's all in stepping stones. We're not afraid to go slower rather than to go fast. But the fact of the matter is we don't have something else out there that we're looking at that we're anticipating using cash for. It is simply safety stock, so to speak, to make sure that the plumbing system we put in place is durable for the future. And we'll continue to make sure that we're positioned for the future. And as we get that confidence, you can expect that we'll be buying back more stock. And that's where the allocation of capital is going to go. It's not going to go to something else that's unanticipated right now.
Stuart Miller: So, Mike, I recognize your thirst for more detail, and we'll give you more detail as we refine our program. And I wouldn't be thinking about it through the lens of Forestar. We're probably not going to go in that direction. But we recognize that you would like to know more, and we'll give you greater detail as we refine the program.
Stuart Miller: So as we've detailed, our focus and programming has been really carefully crafted by design to focus on using our production programs to bring down costs and to use our machine to focus on right pricing, whether it's price increases as the market gives them or whether it's the very carefully crafted use of incentives. So the first thing is post reconciliations together with copper price, we feel comfortable that we're going to be able to migrate in that direction. The second part of it is leverage. As we go through the year we're generally producing and delivering more homes. So there are some embedded leverage in that and so there are a lot of moving parts that make up our view of where our margin is likely to go. Of course, market conditions can change. They can change to the positive and to the negative. And we've been very clear that that margin is somewhat of a springboard for maintaining the volume that we expect to maintain. So there will be elements of the economic environment that factor into it as well. Can I detail specifically what the relationships are in those numbers? I don't think so right now but it's a combination of all of those pieces that will drive our margins to where we expect them to be for the year. We do have some visibility in some of the sales that have come through, and we continue to have confidence that we're going to be able to get to that number – to those numbers by the end of the year.
Stuart Miller: So then as it relates to your second question we've been very focused on building multiple sources of capital for our optioning and land banking programs. Actually building a permanent capital vehicle rather than being completely reliant on private equity capital constantly coming into a program, we felt was a greater good and a big benefit. So when you ask a question why go in a different direction when some of the tried and true direction so far are viable as well? They are viable, and we continue to lean into those programs. This is an and rather than an or, this to us, a building, the durability, that confidence that the capital will be there even as the market ebbs and flows going forward. And so that’s why we’re choosing to build this way rather than just drive as we have by putting – taking land from balance sheet, building machine [ph] and all of that, this is a cleaner way to build a permanent capital vehicle that’s doable for the future.
Stuart Miller: No. I think that, generally speaking, I think we’re migrating to a more orderly buyback program. We’ve been conservative in our buyback program. As I’ve noted, to make sure that the systems that we put in place are durable for our future. So that conservatism should be confused. As we look ahead, we don’t have a thought process around the different use of cash. In fact, we’re growing into the cash flow model that we’ve created. And as we find that it is more durable, sustainable and we test kind of the edges, we can kind of expect that the cash we’re generating is basically going to go right back into stock buyback.
Stuart Miller: Probably not very much. I think that the assets, as they’re configured or as we’re thinking about it, should be cash flowing pretty readily. And therefore, the stream will actually spend cash and bring in the cash and redeploy and should work well on some.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Well, that wraps it up for this quarter. I thank everybody for joining us out of the quarter that we put forth. We look forward to reporting more progress as we go forward. Thanks for your time, and we’ll get to next quarter.
Jon Jaffe: I think you covered it. As we said, we continue to refine our ability to focus on the right price per home, which we feel confident will allow become even better at those communities and markets where we can pull back our incentives even more, and we'll continue to find that. And I think that informs our confidence in what we see for the rest of the year.
Jon Jaffe: And I think as we said earlier, some interest rates stay relatively flat with where they are. We think we can continue to improve our operational view of how to increase margins in that same interest rate environment.
Jon Jaffe: Yes. Relative to this first question, the land goes into our land banking relationships; it goes into it with a takedown schedule that not just what Stuart just described. So there are no guardrails that limit our ability to execute on the planned volume.
Diane Bessette: Mike, the other thing I would add, because you might have been alluding to it, is that this will be structured. So there won't be any consolidation on our balance sheet. It would be true – a true spin of land that's in a separate entity. So we wouldn't have any of those complexities of consolidation.
Diane Bessette: Yes, Jon, I think what I would add is, as you know, previously, we prioritized debt repayment over that. But after we make this April payment, we’ll only have $2 billion of notes outstanding and it’s one in 2025, one in 2026 and I think the other is in 2027. So we don’t have that priority to focus on anymore. So I think Stuart’s point is an important one that stock buyback really does become the priority, because I think, we’ve done a nice job of deleveraging the balance sheet from a debt standpoint.
Diane Bessette: Yes. John, I think that we can walk through it more in detail, but I think that if you look at the second quarter of last year, it’s very comparable. So you can see the leverage pickup, particularly in field expenses. Just in order of magnitude, you kind of get a lot of pickup just from that perspective. So that’s certainly helpful. And I don’t know if there’s anything more to say on that. I think we’ve talked about controlling incentives showing the right homes, but part of the credibility should be just the operating leverage that we’re going to get in addition to the other things that we spoke about.
