Rick Beckwitt: Yes, this is Rick Beckwitt. We've carefully mapped out construction schedules associated with anything that was sold with the tax credit in mind. And across the board, we have maybe one or two, or a handful of things that are at risk. And I believe that all those will close within the deadline.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, it's Rick. We typically don't like to give any color on the quarter that we're about to enter into. But we know that there's a lot of focus on June and what's going on. I can tell you, on a seasonal basis, it's the slower quarter on just the annual year. We have seen a modest improvement over May. And right now, we're running, let says, 20%, 25% off of the prior year. It's choppy. We don't have a lot of data right now. We're back from the fact that we've a good stable backlog going into the quarter. As Stuart said in his remarks, we think that buyers will re-emerge. And it's just been a temporary slowdown in the market.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. Surprisingly, Florida's some of our stronger markets right now. I think we're benefiting from the fact that we put under contract a fair number of communities that were attractively purchased or contracted. So we're getting some good traction there. As Stuart said, Texas is somewhat soft. It went into the downturn on the tail end. Dallas is a pretty tough market. Houston is a little better. And you're seeing probably one of the strongest markets in Texas is San Antonio. The Carolinas are our next bag, Raleigh better than Charlotte. In the Mid-Atlantic, we're seeing continued strength stemming from the government spending in Maryland and Virginia. Jersey's pretty decent. And California is very, very community-specific and their communities are doing better. And the once better Mortursuria [ph] are dragging along. I think across the board, we have seen what I would call quality traffic. People understanding that affordability is at a level where it makes sense to buy a home and are just really trying to make a determination as to when they're going to pull the trigger. And that's the sense, really, across the nation right now.
Rick Beckwitt: Well from a corporate perspective, we have identified what we think appropriate absorption pace should be for every community that we've got. We've got it targeted by a week, by a month, by quarter. We threw our regional presidents, review traffic trends, sales absorptions, pricing trends. And we've set pace – we've identified where we want margins to be, and as you know it, the good cake with regards to absorption in March. So we are constantly tinkering with those push-pulls. Some of it's driven by what competition does out there. As one of the competitors drops prices or raises prices, it has an impact on what we do as well. But we are really across the nation right now, very close to trends and traffic and sales. So it's something that we monitor from the mothership up here that a lot of the day-to-day decisions are made by the guys running the divisions.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, it is fluid like that. As Stuart said in his opening remarks, we are very focused on improving margins at the expense of doing volumes. We've got the SG&A down to a point where if we produced the good gross margin, we're going to make money.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, keep in mind that it's a seasonal business. And we don't just flat line what our expectations for sales are across the year. We know that as you head into June and July, people are vacationing. It gets a little hot. And people don't necessarily want to be shopping for homes all the time. That being said, we are pretty much on track with what our expectations are and what we budgeted.
Rick Beckwitt: So we knew that there would be a falloff in activity when tax credit expires. And we are pretty much in line with where we thought we would be based on that demand going into the pre-May period.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, as I said earlier, Houston and Dallas were late to go into the decline. Some of it is absorption pace. A fair amount of it is community count. I'm just looking up some hard numbers for you. On a community count basis, we're somewhere in the 5% to 10% range down on a year-over-year basis. So that's clearly having an impact. And some of that is also skewed by the timing when those come on. So it's the combination of the two.
Rick Beckwitt: Just one clarification on the west, on a community count basis, we're down about 15% to 20% in that area.
Rick Beckwitt: Just on the land side, to give you a little bit more color, as we've said over the last several quarters, we were relatively aggressive early on in contracting for some new deals on an option and also a cash basis. If you look sequentially, I think last quarter, we announced that we contracted for about 5,000 plus or minus new homes during the quarter. This quarter, we're about half of that. And that's somewhat driven by the fact that pricing is up a little bit. And we haven't been willing to chase the pricing up. We're only doing deals that since allowed a strong, respectable margin and IRR. If some of the deals that some other folks were chasing at higher price points come back to where we think they should be appropriately priced, I think you'll see a little bit more activity going forward.
Rick Beckwitt: Let me just add to that and say that the new communities that we've gone out and purchased have been really targeted to micro-markets that we think are underserved, but really well-positioned. So I think it's important to keep in mind that when we see national numbers, those national numbers might be cutting an opposite way from a specific community. We think that our newer communities have been really targeted to the areas that are most likely will be able to sustain themselves even as the market might pull-back a little bit. So we expect to open all of the new communities in sequence as we're able to get them open.
Stuart Miller: We have a lot of discussion about this with our division people. And we really drove down on their view given what has been a moderating traffic pattern and demand in May, and even flowing into June. And the perspective is that there might be some movement on incentives just to keep the market moving forward, but that it would be fair – it would be pretty limited. I think you properly highlighted that we do have new communities that has started to come on line and contribute a little bit more to our margins. And we would expect – I don't want to give a projection, but we would expect pretty good stabilized and even an improving margin picture as we go forward.
Stuart Miller: I think you (inaudible) that there was a sizeable pull forward of demand in April in order to accommodate the 8,000 tax credit and its termination. But as we've gone through May and as we're coming in to June, we're feeling that demand is starting to make a modest recovery. The sense from the field – there's no certainty in this. But the sense from the field is that as we go forward, it's really going to be low interest rates and the affordable pricing of homes are going to – that will enable the free markets to takeover and stabilize.
Stuart Miller: Sure, Mike. Community count ended at about 426 this quarter. It was up about 40 from last quarter. So we are seeing, with the land purchases that we've made, we're continuing to open new communities. And we would expect to open new communities throughout the year. And that number will grow and will be somewhat dependent on which deals we go forward with. But we would expect that number to grow throughout the year.
Stuart Miller: A year ago it ended at 435 at the end of the second quarter. But keep in mind, during the second quarter last year, it was declining. So we had reduced that number by 20 or 25 during the quarter last year.
Stuart Miller: We haven't laid out a target. But in the current quarter, the land development spend was somewhere in the mid $30 million range for the quarter.
Stuart Miller: But with that said, let's recognize that the – the ability to hold margin and to measure the response to a slower market is enhanced by the fact that as it relates to new homes, there's not all that much inventory on the ground in most markets. And even the foreclosures and most of the markets in which we're actually operating are fairly light. We really spend a lot of time with our division presidents on these past couple of days. Our perspective is, is we've had a lot of foreclosure inventory, it might be an opportunity to purchase that inventory and make money on that. The fact is that there's not that much of it in the communities in which we're operating. We're really unable to hold price and to get pretty close to our volume expectations. As Rick noted a little earlier, we are able to hold margin as we're maybe forced to bring prices down a little bit because, generally, the construction costs are going down at the same time as volume goes down. So we've really been able to maintain our volume pretty close to our targets and also hold margins.
Stuart Miller: Will the builders have a seat at the table? That's a question I'm just not sure how that will present itself. It certainly seems that there will be, at some point, a lot of attention paid for the GSCs. I think that everybody's going to recognize that the builders, and frankly, the housing participants – housing market participants in general, are going to want to see a program, whether it's GSC-focused or private sector-focused, but it keeps available capital – that keeps capital available to the housing markets. How that's going to present itself, I think that – I think everybody's going to have some kind of voice. But it's going to be a complicated task to figure out where we go from here. There's no question that at some point, the government's going to have to pull back from supporting the capital markets as it relates to housing. But it behooves everybody. And I think everybody recognizes how important it is to do it in a very orderly fashion. The free market will, at some point, take over. But doing anything too suddenly could derail the entire recovery. And I think everybody is acutely aware of that.
Stuart Miller: I think we feel pretty strongly, Dan, that we've positioned the company for the – for market conditions that are where they are, and even for some further tightening. I think that we are operating at – as tight as SG&A level as we could operate. I think we're pretty well-positioned for the market as it moves forward to be able to maintain that profitability. We've got a really excellent machine that's working very, very well. Of course, a significant downturn in the market could change that. And I don't want to mislead anybody. But we have a – we've spent a lot of time with our divisional people thinking about market conditions, potential size of pull-backs, potential stability, where we think things are going to go. The general sense is that we're going to be able to maintain levels of profitability as we go forward. And we're really committed to that.
Stuart Miller: Well frankly, Dan, I think that the entire market knew that there'd be a slowdown in demand as we came off of the tax credit. I think it was widely talked about and expected. It's just that the reality of it just doesn't feel good. And I think we're getting a reaction to the way that it feels right now. I think from our vantage point, we clearly thought that there'd be a slowdown and expected that volume levels will be down. So the answer to your question is, yes, we are where we expected to be. And I think it'll find its way back from here.
Stuart Miller: We have feathered in – started to feather in a couple of communities this quarter from off both lands. More of it is coming from new opportunities though.
Stuart Miller: We run cash flows on our communities each quarter. And it's based on the current environment that exists. So we adjust that every quarter as we look at that. So it does take into account the real time activity that we've been seeing.
Stuart Miller: Well, we have two competing reservoirs fighting for capital right now. And we like that position. We're looking at every land deal and stressing it, and expecting that if we're going to put money into a deal, it's going to have a solid return. And it's competing for capital against the opportunities presented in the Rialto segment. The Rialto segment, we know, if we're going to win a bid, it's going to produce outsized returns. And we want to be investing some – we want to be investing a significant amount of capital in that business as opportunities present themselves. The answer to your question is it's a real balancing act to the extent that we have limited dollars. We're going to be investing those dollars where we can get the most sound return. Let's remember that homebuilding today is a cash generator, by and large, with every home sold and delivered. We are generating cash to support the acquisitions of new home sites because part of the sale of the home is the land underneath it. So there will be capital available just from the operations of the homebuilding segment to support the purchase of new land to the extent that we can find additional land that supports outsized returns we'll be investing in that as well. But we are allocating a lot of capital to our Rialto component right now because we see significant outsized returns coming from those investments.
Stuart Miller: Well, on the things that we put under contract or bought, I think the only thing that might be impacted by that is the pace of starts associated with that community. With regard to opening a community, we want to get the models open. There's some seasonality associated with that depending on the market. And as in the normal flow of business we gear starts to build traffic. So I don't think it would impact the opening of the community. It might just impact what the inventory levels would be.
Stuart Miller: I think in the month of May, it was pretty sparse from the traffic standpoint. And all of the – I guess the – to say at the low hang and crew, it was plucked off of the tree. What we have seen in June, we have seen increased quality of traffic. And that's a really good thing for us and for the industry. It is market specific. But as you'd expect when price points go down and affordability increases, you got some people looking that really can't buy the home without getting money from some other folks to help pay for it. So we're seeing a lot of that.
Stuart Miller: I think this is a good place to conclude because, look, as we look ahead and as we all monitor the market conditions that are here, it's – as I've noted in the past and I note again today, this isn't the Iraqi and sloppy bottom and stabilization process. I think that it is natural that as we go from stimulus to free market conditions taking over responsibility for that stabilization process, it gets uncomfortable. The handoff is not easy or a comfortable transition. And I think that's where we are right now. I think that there are reasons to be concerned about market conditions. But there are also reasons to see our way through, to free markets taking over and finding stability. Consumer confidence is better. The economy is – has been stabilizing. Interest rates are low. And home prices are down. And we're looking forward to seeing this market stabilize as we go forward. And with that, I'll say thank you everybody for joining us. And we look forward to talking to you about our second quarter in just a few months.
Bruce Gross: Well, what we would do there, Josh, is we would adjust our expected cash flow. So to the extent of receiving more than expected, you would adjust those expected cash flows and you would increase the revenue recognition in the current quarter.
Bruce Gross: Well again, as you look at the revenue recognition, it's based on expected cash flows, okay? So when you look at the revenue, there was $34 million, I think, was the number of revenue. And as Jeff mentioned, we brought in approximately $60 million of cash flow before expenses in Rialto. Net of the expenses, Rialto brought in close to $40 million during the quarter.Adam Rudiger – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Bruce Gross: Yes, your question on breakeven, Stephen, it's not a static environment. So I would say is if you go back in time, we were profitable as a company at much lower volumes. So it's really a function of what's driving lower volumes and our ability to react and either modify our product accordingly. And dependent on how much it drops down, make the appropriate SG&A adjustment as required. So it's more a function of why. But we've been profitable at much lower levels throughout our history, so we have the ability to adjust accordingly.
