Bruce E. Gross: So Bob, looking forward, as we think about gross margins, there are several opportunities still for gross margins to grow. We think we have the opportunity for margins to exceed our past peak, which was around the 26% to 27% range if everything goes according to plan. And that's based on the following: it's based on average sales prices continuing to grow as there's still room and affordability; sales incentives still have room to go down from the current 6% level over time to what's more normal at 3%; we have more of our new communities that would come online that have a higher gross margin than the company average. Currently 61% of our deliveries, as I mentioned, were coming from new communities, so that should be helpful as well. And then as absorption increases and gets back to normalized levels, we have the ability to amortize fixed costs over more deliveries. So if everything happens according to plan, there is room for upward mobility in the margins over time. We think the next quarter, however, will probably be somewhere close to the level that you saw in the third quarter that we just reported.
Bruce E. Gross: Let me answer the first question, Mike. With respect to the joint venture profit, we didn't sell additional homesites than the 726. There was some profit relating to the 726 homesites that were booked in this quarter. We still believe that the next group of homesites at El Toro are about, call it, sometime in 2014. So we didn't elect to sell additional homesites at this point. And then, relative to additional earnings in Rialto, because the debt's defeased, there's nothing there. So that doesn't pair up well relative to the debt being defeased. So as far as earnings go going forward, there'd be no change.
Bruce E. Gross: Yes, sure. So what we did here with some of the major banks is that FICO scores have been announced that they've been reduced into the low 600 range. And then, additionally, in several states, the down payment requirement has come down to as low as 5%, and that is something that we believe is being implemented over the next month. So you're starting to see some benefit there. And in addition to that, you're also seeing that there's more mortgage insurance that's being used. In this quarter, over 1/3 of our conventional buyers had down payments less than 20%. And down payment is the biggest issue for our buyers typically. So we think that's very helpful for what's already changed and what's coming down the pike over the next month or so from the banks. So as refinance volume, as you mentioned, continues to trail off, that's a big component of bank earnings as we all know, and you're seeing the layoffs out there. And so, the tendency would be we would expect for a continuing easing with some of the overlays that they've had in place. So we look at that as real positive going forward.
Bruce E. Gross: We haven't laid that out at this point, Ken. That's -- we're intending to give an update into 2014 on our next conference call, which we're expecting to be about the 3rd week of December.
Bruce E. Gross: No, no, I agree. I think you said it well. We've always said that normalized cancellation rate is around 20%. And when there was a buildup of inventory and we needed to monetize inventory in the downturn, it got up to much higher levels. But we would like to see the can rate be at a healthy level, closer to that 20% range, give or take a little bit.
Bruce E. Gross: Okay. So as input prices are changing, again, we've been offsetting them with our price increases and with sales incentives coming down. And keeping in mind that our direct costs are 40% to 45% of the sales price, so they would have to go up twice as fast as any net benefit between the sales price improvement or the sales incentives coming down. So that's the main item that we see offsetting these costs as we go forward.
Richard Beckwitt: Hey, Bob, this is Rick. Just one other thing I'd point out is, as we have typically discussed in the past, we're more focused on our operating margin than by -- than the gross margin. We're very focused on leveraging the overhead, the infrastructure of the company. We will, within any quarter, adjust pricing and pace to maximize the underlying value of the assets. So gross margins will move up and down, but the real thing you should focus on is the operating margin line.
Richard Beckwitt: And just a final thought on that, Steve. I think this is at the top of the mind of the market right now. What we're hearing from customers in the field, clearly there's a little bit of sticker shock relative to interest rates moving. At the same time, the prices have been moving up. We saw across the country, in the Case-Shiller report this morning, that prices are up in a healthy way. And so, as interest rates have moved, people have had to confront the fact that the price that they were looking at a few weeks ago might be different than the price -- or the monthly payment might be different than today. But by and large, they still have to measure their decision on where they're going to live against rental rates. And they still have to -- and they still have the opportunity to look at reasonably low interest rates that are going to hold them in good stead for years to come. The attitude of the consumer in the field still seems to be positively oriented towards finding a way to purchase and making it through the mortgage maze right now and finding their way into homeownership.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, Steve, this is Rick. The land market has been going through a state of evolution, as we've discussed in the past because there are more ready-to-go, finished homesites out there that have been priced up. That's not to say that you can invest in communities that produce a good return and a decent gross margin. But clearly, not the margins that we've seen in current deliveries. And as a result of that, as Stuart mentioned, most of our land acquisition activity or contracting activity -- and I want to really focus on that -- things that we've been putting under contract are things that we'll probably be closing on in 2015, 2016, 2017. We benefit from the fact that we were early in, aggressive and you can see that reflected in the gross margins.
Richard Beckwitt: Hey, Ivy, it's Rick. In any market, good, bad, modest, we have used incentives. The industry has used incentives whether it's closing costs, landscape packages, additional spiffs in the home. It's just part of the normal course of business. Those percentages of incentives change depending on the state of the inventory, the development status in the community, and it's just part of the normal course of business in the industry and in our company. What we identified is that we are -- we have started to use a little bit more. And by a little bit, we're talking maybe 1 point, 1.5 points on selected inventory out there in order to get some activity. And it may be 3 or 4 homes in that community, but not necessarily anything beyond that. It's a price leader. It gets activity out to the job.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes. Steve, as you look at the operation of the business, the incentives for the consumer haven't really moved the needle per se. It's really a way for us to generate activity from the brokerage community, and it's a traffic generator. When people come out to the communities, they still find sentimental value. And whether there is an additional 1%, 0.5%, 2%, it's not what is impacting the investment decision.
Richard Beckwitt: And, Steve, I guess, the final point is, strategically, assuming that there is a new level of development -- third-party development activity coming on stream 2 years, 3 years out, it really plays strategically with how we've invested our capital because we have the ability to supplement our core purchases with incremental immediate delivery opportunities as the market unfolds and starts to continue to grow. And we think that it's consistent with what our overall strategy has been from the get-go.
Richard Beckwitt: The other thing I'd like to add to that, Michael, is as we purchase communities and underwrite communities with various absorption paces depending on the type of asset that we're buying, and they range from sort of higher end, more affluent type of opportunities where maybe we're looking at an absorption pace of 1.5% to 2% because the operating margins on those closings are so significant, and it justifies the investment of capital. Then there are some communities that we're projecting 4, 5, 6, 7 because it's more of a volume-oriented opportunity. And what skews some of the pace that you see quarter-to-quarter is the mix of deliveries that we're closing from the communities that we have across the country.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, I can tell you that we're exceeding underwriting with regards to pace for the most part. That on a historical basis, absorptions have been higher at various points of cycles and we run the business to maximize the operating margin in the individual communities.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, on the inventory side, I think we've consistently said over time that we have a spec program where we try to maintain 1 to 2 per community across the country in every community. We have some that are starting construction, some of which is presold, some of which is a speculative unsold home. And what we do is, on each community -- at each community, we measure pace and price to figure out what our start program would be. And we haven't really adjusted that program in the market over the last several quarters, pretty consistent with what we've been doing.
Stuart A. Miller: Bob, it's our view that the recovery -- it just continues forward. I think that the first move in both sales pace and pricing has been stronger than people anticipated, in large part because it's a reversion as opposed to just a straight-line recovery. When I say reversion, we had a very, very unusual downturn. It was much more severe than we've seen historically, and I think there's been somewhat of a snap back. The fact that the rate of growth in sales and sales price will and should moderate does not derail the recovery. We think that the recovery will be more orderly and slower in nature. But we think that over the next 3 to 5 years, we're likely to be in a steady recovery mode.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes. As has been the case with our company for a very long time, there is nothing that we don't look at and consider. We look at M&A the same way that we look at organic growth. It's all about competing capital, and we measure the returns on capital that we can generate from a company acquisition against comparably deployed capital in a well constructed organic program. And wherever the best returns for our company are going to lie, that's where we act. So there is nothing off the table as it relates to Lennar. We are focused on and have reviewed every M&A transaction that's out there, and we are looking at just about every organic opportunity to purchase new land positions. It's all about returns on the invested capital.
Stuart A. Miller: Let me just back up for 1 second, and you talked about the spike in pricing as opposed to pace and the like. But let's now remember that a large part of this recovery has been defined by very, very limited inventory both in existing homes and in new homes and, frankly, in apartments. And so, it's not surprising to see the recovery reflected more in pricing than in pace because you simply can't get the pace where inventories are low and land is very constrained. And that's what we're seeing out in the field. And then, additionally, you look at the smaller builder component of the overall industry, the smaller builders have not been able to come back in the sizable way that they have in prior recoveries. So as I articulated before, I think that price -- the initial movement in price is somewhat of a spike and a reversion to where pricing might have been in a normalized downturn. We'll see more moderate reflection in price as we go forward. And as the market goes through minor gyrations and corrections on the way to a broader recovery, we think that we'll have to use incentives on a select basis. But the limitation of inventory is going to be definitional to where the market goes and how we price going forward.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes. Look, I think over the past just few weeks, you've started to see some of the banks in the context of a declining refi market -- you've seen some of the banks start to talk about the adjustment of some of their overlays as it relates to mortgage approvals. I think that everyone, from the banking world to the political world, is acutely aware of some of the impediments to the first-time homebuyer market finding its way back into this housing recovery. And I think that solid work and thinking is being brought to bear in the market. It doesn't mean we're seeing broad swings of first-time homebuyers being able to find mortgage approval. But I think, as we look ahead, we're likely to see that open up, open up first at the margins and then revert to normal levels of underwriting standards, which should enable first-time buyers to get back into the market and open up the market in general.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, I think -- look, we have a diversified offering, a diversified program and have over decades now. We have a sizable first-time buyer component. We'll continue to focus on that part of the market as opportunity opens up. And we'll remain focused on gross margins as well. I guess the question is, does that mean that as you average in first-time buyers, does average sales price start to decline somewhat as a matter of averaging and I guess we'll have to wait and see how big a component it is. But remember, we are bottom-line return-on-capital-focused. And so, where opportunity presents itself, we'll be focusing on our operating margin first and foremost.
Stuart A. Miller: Just let me add as a third thought here. In the context of sticker shock, everybody wants a deal, everybody wants to feel that they've lost a little bit and they're getting a little bit back. So it's just an ignition point right now to just keep the market kind of attentive in the context of a time when pricing moved on people.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay. You're clearly noting that we've remained an aggressive purchaser of land. As we've noted, this started a number of years ago. We were early to the land purchasing program, and we've maintained that early position -- the properties that we're closing on in large dollar amounts today, the properties that we've contracted for at a much earlier stage. We remain focused on the land side of the business. The land market is constrained, and we would rather be buying early rather than late. We have a 3- to 5-year time horizon on this recovery. We've articulated that, and that defines and informs a good portion of our strategy. To your question about how long will the land market remain constrained, of course, I can't answer that definitively, but it's been -- our view has been formed by the fact that like the smaller homebuilders, the land developer business has had difficulty gaining access to capital except through opportunity-type funds where the cost of capital is rather steep. And so, this acts as its own constraint to the expansion of the supply of land inventory in the marketplace. So at least, for the foreseeable future, until capital markets find a way and with non-opportunistic capital to open up to land developers, we think that land continues to remain constrained and, therefore, constrain inventories overall.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes. Jade, if you look at our backlog average sales price, it always runs a little bit higher than what we actually deliver because the larger homes sit in backlog a little bit longer. So we would expect there to be a slight increase in the average sales price going into the fourth quarter.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes. Well, look, I think that we have created a terrific optionality in our subsidiary operations. And clearly, that's one point of access to capital that we have in our arsenal. Rialto is really well situated today, having defeased the FDIC debt, with a very strong balance sheet. It's positioned as a stand-alone enterprise that is separately reported. We have all of the levers available to us.
Stuart A. Miller: Leveraged equity -- we've really maintained maximum flexibility in terms of -- by segmenting the business. And as we've grown the business in an unlevered way, we've just afforded ourselves maximum flexibility to go in a number of different directions.
Stuart A. Miller: As I noted in my remarks, we have brought on an exceptional team in that space. It is -- they've been working hard getting positioned. While we haven't projected profitability, we think that we're well positioned for profitability in 2014.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, listen, absorption rates are a cyclical phenomenon. I think that if you look at our absorption rate for this quarter, it was somewhere around 3.2%. If you look at last quarter, the spring selling season, we were closer to 4%. And sales pace moves around a little bit, as you go through the seasonality of the year. So I think we're comfortable with where our sales pace has been, and we feel that, again, the market continues to be pretty solid.
Stuart A. Miller: I would just add that we manage our pace also to match our construction pace. And again, we've mentioned a few times about our low level of spec homes. We really don't want to sell at a faster pace than we're constructing homes. And that, of course, is somewhat controlled by our community count and the land supply that we've spoken about.
Stuart A. Miller: Bruce, why don't you go ahead? I think as it relates to the banks, the banks have made their own announcements.
Stuart A. Miller: But I think you've actually seen JPMorgan and Wells make announcements that their underwriting standards are starting to moderate, especially as that refi business has bled off.
Stuart A. Miller: The incentives have been pretty widespread -- I mean, across the country and have been in select communities, where they might have been needed as a re-spark.
Stuart A. Miller: But additionally, we are primarily focused on our operating margin. And as our volumes continue to improve and as our efficiency continues to improve, we think that the net bottom line is also improving even as sales price starts to slow a little bit. All right. So we'll end it there. We would like to thank everybody for joining us for our third quarter update and look forward to reporting the fourth quarter. As Bruce said earlier, it will be the 3rd week of December, and we look forward to telling you more about the progress of the market and our company. Thank you.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: As we manage through what is apparently more of a normal season, as Bruce highlighted, we're focused on our unsold inventory, which is about one home per community. And we'll manage the levers of price and pace to make sure those homes are delivered, they're sold and they close, and that will create some fluctuations from community to community. But as I look at our backlog and look at the end of third quarter sequentially compared to the second quarter, I feel very comfortable that we are managing our average sales price in a level or upward trend and the same with our gross margin. So I think we managed through this somewhat bumpier time because our inventory is under control -- we're not under pressure to incentivize any greater than the market needs to keep that pace.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: I think you can see, by the fact that we have very little standing inventory, that we have used those selective incentives very carefully and very effectively. And they are a lever that each of our divisions exercises community by community, home by home to make sure we're accomplishing that goal. But I think we feel very comfortable that we're -- we have the right amount to move the inventory that we want to make sure we move. So as we get to month end and quarter end, we're in a very similar position that we're in now.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Let me just add one more thought to Stuart's comment is that compared to the last cycle, the environmental, in an entitlement situation, the conditions are much stricter than they were last cycle. So that's going to add to the capital situation land developers face, and I think continue to have a slightly more constrained land environment as we move forward.
