Stuart Miller: So, that's a bundle of questions in one question, Steve. We see you. So, as noted, we're fairly limited in what we can talk about. Just for clarification, it's being spun with no debt. We do have land assets on our books, and have continued to, as we have evolved our thinking and structuring of the spun entity, as I noted, we had stood up a [straw-man] (ph) with a $4 billion number. As we refined our thinking, we've just included more of the assets that we have. Giving more detail than that would be outside of the boundaries. What I noted about Fred is that he has been leading the effort to build the filings that were filed with the SEC. And we haven't gone beyond that to talk about the population of the spun asset. That is something that we'll discuss at some future date. It was more to highlight that we have a dedicated team that is very focused on the execution of the program that we are putting forth, and there will be more detail as we report in future.
Stuart Miller: I think that's a good takeaway. And I think that in many ways, this is structural and durable for the future. So, a lot of what we've been doing on the one hand has been muted by the fact that market conditions have moved around quite a bit, as I noted, interest rates moving up through this last quarter tested edges. But on the other hand, the cost savings and the way that we are, number one, configuring production in the field, and number two, re-engineering our product lines to be much more consistent with core products that are repeatable from market to market and across individual markets is creating a durable efficiency that will be with us for years to come. So, yes, I think that this will be sticky and stay with us as we move forward.
Stuart Miller: There is a supply shortage. But on the other hand, the consumer out of necessity is looking for elements of incentives or discounts to be able to afford, to be able to access the housing stock that they need. I don't think that we can draw long-term conclusions about discounting from this moment in time. And I think it's very differentiated from the broader retail world in that we have a structural and chronic supply shortage. There will be a moment in time where affordability is less challenged. At that moment in time, the supply shortage will be a more dominant theme. And I think you'll more quickly see a snap back to where demand will come to market, outstrip the supply, and some of the discounting, a lot of the discounting will kind of snap back to normal levels. So, I think it would be overly aggressive to try to draw a conclusion just to the way the market will evolve in the future from today's current configuration.
Stuart Miller: Susan, let me just say one more thing. There's another element and that is appropriate capital for growth. So, it's something, it's another part of the equation. We remain growth minded, as we build structures for the future. So, that's another variable that goes into that question about how much cash do we retain. Just finishing up --
Stuart Miller: Yes. Thanks, Alan. You're right. We did detail that in the last quarterly call. I felt it was important to put out there at the time. Since that time, it has been much better documented. And so, I think it's fairly well known, but there has been some movement upward in consumer debt, the debt of some of our customers. It has not spiked, shrink spend. It has not changed materially to the negative. But there's no question that given inflation rates and the cost of living expenses, the consumer is definitely feeling a little bit more stressed and we are starting to see a little bit more credit challenge as customers come through, but that's consistent with what we were seeing last quarter. And of course that makes the interest rate movement all the more, it creates more sensitivity. So, as interest rates have started to subside a little bit, it will be interesting to see how that ripples with the current state of the consumer and we're looking forward to addressing market conditions as they present.
Stuart Miller: Yes. We probably didn't spend enough time on SG&A. I thought about that as I was writing my remarks. SG&A is not the tight programming that we've had historically, it's simply because we are working on so much and recalibrating the way that the business actually operates. And if you think about the fact that over the past few years, we've probably migrated about $20 billion of land to off balance sheet kind of programming in favor of adjusting time delivery system. And the development of that delivery system in and of itself is a reorganization of the entire platform and comes with some cost ebbs and flows that are flowing through SG&A. And in particular, as we now start building an additional subsidiary kind of program in that regard, meaning the some of a large part of the other land that we own and building this SpinCo, you can imagine that some of the ebbs and flows of SG&A will be altered from its normal course by some kind of anomalous additions that are flowing through. So, Diane, maybe you can give a little bit more color on that.
Stuart Miller: Yes. Look, I just got to add to this and say that, I think we can't really break it down and compartmentalize the costs that are flowing through. It's a little bit of a jumbled picture. So, if you look at the base operation in every part of our operation from construction costs and all the way through SG&A, we are getting more and more efficient. And as we go through these next quarters, there will be a little bit of cloudiness in some of that. But as we break through to the other side, we think we're building a much better efficiency model that is going to work much better in terms of capital deployment, capital positioning and capital allocation that will work through the long-term benefit of the company.
Stuart Miller: Good morning, Mike. Thanks for the question. So, this is an imperfect calculation. It is always imperfect to flow through production cost reductions. And so, giving more detail is a little bit complicated. Some of that and some of the higher margins will flow through our third quarter. Some of it will flow through the fourth quarter and some into the next year. It's hard to know exactly where those numbers will flow through. And so, there's not a lot more detail that we can give. It's just that directionally; we understand margin is in part driven by the price that we get for home. It's in part driven by the cost we pay for the building of that home. As we have been focusing on volume at a time where there is variability in the marketplace, we've been able to rethink not only our product lines and our core products, but also the cost structure that we work with our trade partners. And so, it's in part flowing through the revenue side, in part flowing through the cost side of the equation and we're going to see how that evolves as we go through. And while all of that is happening, we are still continuing to sell homes in the current market conditions as it ebbs and flows. So, it's a little hard to put the pieces together, but those are the pieces that we see coming together as we give guidance and as we try to do the best we can to tell you what we see ahead. Of course, the part that is in backlog, we understand components of it, but we're not sure of which homes will close in the third and the fourth quarter and into the first. And as for the homes that we will sell over the next months, we're going to have to wait and see how the market evolves in a volatile market condition as we've been there. I don't know if that's helpful, but I wish I can give it to you in more granular form.
Stuart Miller: Well, let me start and maybe Diane will give us some additional color. But remember, as I said in my remarks, that when we started the quarter, the rates were at about six and three quarters. As we went through the quarter, it migrated up to about 7.3%. It wasn't really until right at the end of our quarter that interest rates kind of took a sudden turn in the opposite direction. So, that didn't really reflect itself through our quarter, certainly not in any of the deliveries in our quarter. So, what we have found is that the current market condition is pretty sensitive to interest rate movements. And there is a relationship and a very direct one between interest rates migrating higher and the need for higher incentives to offset some of those interest rates, it became a little more difficult as interest rates migrated to the 7.3% kind of range and there were higher incentives that went along with interest rates at that level. And I think that that's something that we can kind of expect is going to continue as rates trend up. There will be a little bit more incentive as rates trend down. It seems that some of the incentives come off. And we'll have to see if that continues to hold up, continues to be the consistent pattern. And order of magnitude, it's an everyday kind of assessment that moves around a little bit. I don't think I can peg for you that 25 basis points in interest rate translate into X number of incentive dollars spent in one area or another. It's very market-by-market, and the consumer base is very different in different markets. Diane, any --
Stuart Miller: Well, again, we are focused on being the greatest homebuilder that we can be and doing our part building a healthier housing market. The multi-family programming that we have in place is really quite adjacent to our core homebuilding business. We basically already build the same product, but the uncore product represents for a for-sale market. Building it for for-rent market is something that we can do at the division level because there is an adjacency to what we already build. And will build it in a third-party platform. So, we don't think that that will be impactful overall in term to ROI or ROA or any of those calculations. In terms of technology, technology is a small component of the overall. It's a very important component of how we are building our business. Every element of our business is being modified, reengineered, rethought in and around technology and the way that we actually -- in the way that we actually operate. From our machine, which we have talked about quite a bit, digital marketing, to dynamic pricing and everything in between that machine has been a game-changer. And the way it has been informed by the technology investments and engagements that we have worked through over these past years. The constant flow of technology, imagination, and innovation through our company is going to keep us modern and relevant as we continue to be a better version of ourselves. So, we will continue to be engaged with technology programming as we go forward. But many of the asset-heavy kinds of investments that has been part of our engagement in the past, those will be recalibrated out of the company and will be focused on things that are direct adjacencies to what we do. And that is to build affordable housing and fill the supply deficit that exists across the country.
Stuart Miller: So, thank you, Ken, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to continuing to deliver and provide you further information on our progress as we move forward and build the best version of our company as we go forward. So, thank you for joining. And, we will see you next time.
Diane Bessette: Yes, just the other thing is, as you know, the expense -- field expense, so that in and of itself, generally, if you look back last year, for example, from Q3 to Q4, we had about a 40 basis point benefit just from the field. So, that 40-50 basis points is pretty consistent lift that we get from Q3 to Q4 just from field expenses.
Diane Bessette: I'll jump in. I think with each quarter that goes by, we're getting closer to closer and sometimes we exceed. You know, if you look at this quarter, for example, in that area, let's just call it $950 million. And our capital allocation, when you combine the share purchases and the debt paydowns was in excess of that, right, at about $1.1 billion. So, it actually flows a little bit. Sometimes it's a little short, and sometimes it's a little over. But I think the important thing is that as we continue to really focus on being the manufacturer and have even flow really become even more prominent in our business and purchasing on a just-in-time basis, I think you're going to see those two much more consistently aligned.
Diane Bessette: Yes, the only other thing I'd say that's really just in support of that is if you look at the statistic that I mentioned, which is when you look at the deliveries this quarter, 60% of the deliveries had homes that were purchased on a finished basis. And so, as I think as we see that migrate higher, that does get us to a more consistent, predictable, and visible cash flow. And then, when we get to that point, I think we can really start to have a conversation about what's that balance because that consistency and visibility has now you know come into more focus.
Diane Bessette: Yes. I think that's right. I think you've seen the incredible progress and transformation of our balance sheet with regard to the year zone and the percent of land that we control. And so, therefore, there has been more expenses with those transactions to accomplish that greater base. So, I think that's a little more color that corresponds with what Stuart was mentioning. Also, I think additionally, just remember that, and I know everybody's experiencing this, but insurance costs have gone up. So, as we think about our insurance policies and our deductibles and things like that, there's a little bit of that, also incredibly focused on generating non-brokered leads. And so, sometimes depending on market conditions, that requires a little bit more digital marketing and advertising spend. So, those all came together. The one thing I would note though is that the increase was not related to higher broker spend. We've been really focused on keeping that at lower level. So, however the offset to that is perhaps a little bit more digital spend so that you are creating those non-brokered deals.
Diane Bessette: Yes. I think as I think about it, as we talk about the benefits that the operational benefits from maintaining production in ebb and flow. The same relates to this as we continue to maintain the levels of off balance sheet transactions to generate the cash flow and the returns that it has been. We will also become more efficient with managing those costs.
Diane Bessette: The first one, I think you alluded to is incentives and as you think about the continual increase for most, in interest rates for most of Q2, of course, that impacts the closings in Q3, and so, if we see some stability, and then we don't have a crystal ball on that, but if we see some stability with rates instead of the increase that we saw last quarter, that will also be helpful to margins. So, what we saw in Q3, of course, we delivered in Q4.
Diane Bessette: Yes, I think that's right. I think, and to answer your question like so, is we looked at the incentives given in March, April, and May. Each month, those incentives as a percent did increase, which is very consistent with what Stuart said. It really mirrored the direction of interest rates. So, as they've moderated, it would be our hope that the levels that we saw in May would also moderate.
Diane Bessette: So Q1, they were 3.9%. Q2, they were 9.4%. And then, of course, perhaps in seasonality, but I really, as we've been saying, I really think it's more a direct correlation, a more direct correlation to the interest rate environment. I think that perhaps what you're really referring to on a broader base, so as it's trying to punctuate that the gross margin on a go-forwarded basis should be more aligned with the changes that we've been talking about from an operational standpoint. So, the sustainability and the durability of the efficiencies and the cost benefits that we're seeing in margin should be maintained on a quarter-to-quarter basis with a little bit of seasonality mixed in, but you should see a very strong and sustainable gross margin as we become even more proficient with even soil. I think that's what you're probably trying to punctuate, so that sometimes there'll be some fluctuations in margin relative to the environment, but there's a lot of durability and sustainability in what you're seeing.
Diane Bessette: Yes, and Kenneth, obviously those are same for having material impact not only to ROI, but ROE. So, we are very focused on that. And just going on to comment on what percentage, I don't know it is of importance to us because the business is adjacent to our core business. But in our call Stuart mentioned that we were doing in a very capital efficient way using third-party capital. So, we feel that it's a complementary business being funded in a very capital efficient way notwithstanding that we are monetizing the frontline assets. And as Stuart mentioned, we are constantly looking at other assets. So, it's an enormous focus on the company and I think that's the improvement on a go-forward basis.
