Stuart Miller: Okay. So we have been pretty consistent Bob, in saying that we expect our gross margins to be drifting down. We highlighted that at the beginning of this year and as we move through last year as well. But we also focused attention on net operating margin primarily recognizing that as land that was bought at very low prices flow through our system, margins would be higher. As that land dissipated and we ended up with more shorter-term land, our margins would – our gross margins would drift down. But we felt that as the recovery matured, we would continue to focus on bringing down our growth rate, focusing on efficiencies in our SG&A as we have been articulating and really driving increased earnings through more efficient net operating margin. Let me turn to Rick and Jon and have them weigh in on that.
Stuart Miller: Right. So thanks Bob. Look, we have been very focused on that notion of reversion to pure play. And that’s a story that’s going to play out over the next couple of years. This construct doesn’t change overnight. We have highlighted very clearly that FivePoint is our starting point in all of that. FivePoint, we have seen a consolidation of our interest and unification under a corporate umbrella, where – which is being overseen by its CEO, Emile Haddad. And FivePoint is positioned to see it evolve into its own independent company managed by its own complement of executives and overseen by its own unique Board of Directors, which parenthetically myself, Rick, and Jon are part of. That’s an example of how we will continue to think about our ancillary businesses move them through the system. The second area is in the apartment area. You are already starting to see a migration through that merchant-build program and towards our build-to-core program, which in many ways is a very separate program. It again, like FivePoint has its own complement of management and that builds a core program as an opportunity for us to build a stream of earnings that is consistent, it’s fee generative, and enables us to realize on the great value that we are creating. Rialto continues to build to be able to be strategic in its alignment for the future, but we don’t have a current path for Rialto that we have articulated. But as Rialto’s asset management and RMF, Rialto Mortgage Finance businesses continue to grow, we think that there are tremendous opportunities for that company to combine to IPO to do a variety of things as we really start to focus on the core homebuilding business.
Stuart Miller: Okay. So that’s a great question. And I think it is on a lot of people’s minds. Our view has been that our gross margins will continue to drift downwards. I think if you look at the average of the industry, if you look at what’s normalized gross margin in the industry, you are probably looking at 21%, 22%. And over time, we will probably drift in that direction. The industry average might even be lower than that. But I would say a few things. We have a lot of guns in our arsenal. We have been very focused on operational efficiency. We are not focusing on stretching growth in an environment that just isn’t giving it easily. Land is expensive. Land is hard to come by. People are expensive and hard to come by. It’s hard to grow operations efficiently and effectively at an accelerated rate in a market where land and labor is really constrained. And so we have chosen to focus on operational efficiencies as a mechanism for driving profitability going forward. And we have been consistently articulating look at the net operating margin where we will find much more stability and the opportunity to drive profitability going forward from our core business. But with that said, we have also articulated other strategies. Look at our financial services group, we have been diversifying that group, not only is it growing alongside of our core homebuilding business, it’s growing outside of that homebuilding operation and we are finding additional earnings by leveraging that part of our business. Look at Rialto, look at our multifamily effort, look at our ancillaries and you start to see that there are real growth components that derive from a core homebuilding operation that’s operating well and these ancillary businesses that are operating cooperatively.
Stuart Miller: No, look, as I said, we have a lot of guns in our arsenal and our ancillary businesses are a very positive part of that construct, but we have continued to focus everyone’s attention on the core. And we think we can continue to drive the core forward. Yes, there are opportunities to either buyback stock or through acquisition to expand our platform and we hold both of those opportunities open to ourselves. We are generating the cash where we can go down either route and the opportunities out there to us given our current position are very strong.
Stuart Miller: Well, okay, so as it relates to Rialto – well, I am sorry, let me start with FivePoint. As it relates to FivePoint, which where you started might – FivePoint trajectory has been very consistent and very positive. The properties in FivePoint had been moving through their system and the consolidation of FivePoint’s ownership under one umbrella is a consistent theme. What hasn’t been consistent on market conditions, we had embarked on a program to launch an IPO, which under good market conditions would have gone off by now. So, the market is the market, we can’t do much to change that, but the underlying operations of FivePoint are spectacular. As it relates to LMC, our multifamily platform, I think that there is a very strong case to be made that, that business really is almost part of the core. It has been a part of our strategy for dealing with the first-time homebuyer segment, which has been forced or inclined to rent rather than to purchase because of market conditions or because of appetites. And in fact, that strategy has worked out quite well for us and might be a very compatible program under the core umbrella. So, we are not – we are certainly not targeting right now a spin-off or some other kind of program relative to that segment and we will have to see over time. As it relates to Rialto, Rialto was built with the understanding that it would be synergistic to our – to the growth of our core business and it was in fact through the downturn. We have grown Rialto into a business that looks an awful lot like the business that we have spun-off back in 1997 under the name Eleanor. And it continues to grow along those lines. Now, there has been choppiness in the capital markets. There are questions around the regulatory environment. We think that each of these things work to our benefit. And as we continue to grow the platform, we want to let these things resolved themselves before we designed and put forth an exit strategy, but ultimately, Rialto will standalone.
Stuart Miller: Yes. So that’s exactly the strategy Steve, is our land supply relative to our production should be moderating. Our cash flow should be accelerating and we should continue to be enhancing our balance sheet. And as I have articulated in my remarks, our balance sheet has been improving. We are starting to see that soft pivot reflect. We are buying less land relative to the amount of production that we are generating. And of course, that’s been accelerating by slowing the growth pace, we are increasing the cash flow. We have seen our balance sheet improve and it will continue to improve as we go into the fourth quarter. I think Bruce highlighted that we will be reducing our rather expensive debt in June of 2017. All of these are balance sheet enhancements. And they enable us to have an awful lot of options in terms of being able to access capital and deploy capital either in the form of returning capital to shareholders, as was asked earlier or in the form of finding unique opportunities to grow our business in strategic ways. And of course, you know that we look at all of those as real opportunities within the company. So it’s very much been a part of the strategy to get to exactly the place that we are at right now.
Stuart Miller: Yes. And look, that’s – it’s a great point that Rick makes. It’s a very important clarification. We are out there buying land and we are buying it. We are taking that core competence that we have got and we are buying strategically. As we move into and accelerate our position, relative to certain markets, relative to the first time homebuyer, we do it rather aggressively. Soft pivot is a way of thinking and it’s recognizing that we might buy a 5-year piece of land or a 7-year piece of land, but we might carve off half of it or a third of it in a land sale so that we are not holding it on our books. If you look at our land spend, we are spending significant dollars preparing for our future and ensuring that we are growing consistently. And we do it as well as better than anybody in the industry. So you can expect that we are still a land player and that there will be some additional land sales because of the way that we are thinking about the whole period. But we are still very active in the market.
Stuart Miller: I think that we are very disciplined in our approach and the accumulation of cash is not going to burn a hole in the bottom of our pocket. We are stuck to a strategy. Thus far, we are going to stick to it as we go forward unless we believe that there is a different strategy that is significantly better. And we haven’t come to that yet given the market conditions, given the maturity of the cycle, we feel very comfortable with the position that we are in and we are going to be able to drive consistent growth and be positioned for opportunity.
Stuart Miller: I would say that most of that is really owned by us now. On a net-net basis, that’s going to be – will basically be flat on an inventory level.
Stuart Miller: In dollars. When we are talking about that first-time buyer, if that’s what your question was about? I was a little confused.
Stuart Miller: Well, the markets that are more conducive to the softer pivot are ones that have a broader base of third-party developers. So, if you think about the Texas markets, parts of the Carolina, some of Florida, parts of California, where there is an emerging third-party development market, those are more conducive to having someone else by the land, produce it to you and being shorter term deals to the extent that we have to be the developer of course. We take on a longer term obligation associated with buying, developing and building.
Stuart Miller: At the end of the day, this is our specialty. It’s an area that is confused at this point. We think Jade that we are going to have – we have the capital and we are going to have the opportunity to invest a lot more capital at very attractive returns as risk retention sorts itself out.
Stuart Miller: Right. Think about that the for-sale footprint as kind of being the roadmap. We don’t deploy our for-sale personnel in the rental effort. So, it is separate management groups, but they do feed off of each other in terms of market intelligence and general market data. So, we benefit by being coexistent in those markets, but we are not interdependent. And those markets that we have chosen as being best in the country to deploy our for-sale business work just as well on the rental basis.
Stuart Miller: Alright. Thank you everyone for joining our third quarter update. Look forward to updating at year end. Have a nice day.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. This is Rick. The natural evolution of a soft pivot is that you are starting to take less risk in land. Associated with that risk profile is a margin presence. You are looking for near-term opportunities, quicker turns, so gross margin will naturally come down and IRRs will come up. And so, when we are going less long on some of these positions, it means that you are paying a little bit closer to retail than you were in buying wholesale. The other thing that we have been doing is we really been managing pace in price. A great example of that is notwithstanding the fact that the Houston market is definitely softer, given the turmoil in the energy market. But if you look at our performance there for the last quarter, sales were up by 14%, but our ASP was up by 4%. So in a tough market, we are really trying to maximize the value of the quality assets that we got there and not give the homes away. We certainly could have sold more homes, but we are just really managing it.
Rick Beckwitt: And it’s Rick, Bob. One sort of data point is if you look at Q4, we are guiding to an increase between $10 million and $15 million just for the multifamily growth. So I think you will start to see a more consistent level of big nominal profitability for quarter as we build through the merchant build program and get into that cash recurring fee generating core program. So that will become very visible.
Rick Beckwitt: And Ivy, this is Rick again. It’s really that balance of case and price again. If we wanted to grow volume at a much higher clip, we could certainly enter into contract for some additional communities that are at the normalized margins that the rest of the builders are building at. And we have chosen up through this point to keep an above industry margin even though it’s been drifting somewhat downward. And if you go back and you look at this business over multiple cycles, multiple time points, if you are somewhere around 20% growth you are doing a pretty good job. We have just chosen to be north of that and we will continue to be north of where that normalized curve is.
Rick Beckwitt: Let me just add one thing on the multifamily group is given that we have pivoted to a built-to-core program, we essentially had the business that is self-funded to build out about $4 billion to $4.5 billion of apartment communities on a development cost base. When that’s done, it will be a portfolio that’s cash producing that we as a company will have tremendous optionality as to what we do with it. If it makes sense keeping in size and that creates the most shareholder value, we will keep it inside if it makes sense to do something outside of that, but when it gets to that point where it’s constantly turning our cash, there is going to be a lot of different things that we can do.
Rick Beckwitt: Okay. One clarification, because I think as a company across the nation, we are going through soft pivot. But that does not mean that we won’t to take advantage of excellent Class A assets, well located, good values, good strategic fit even if there are longer runway. And it’s the overall totality of the blend of the long and the short that has consistently made us successful in differentiate us as a company.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, we are really spread across nationally amongst 22 to 25 metropolitan areas, some suburban, some mini urban, all transit-oriented and in markets that are really high growth, low vacancy. And I can – we can give you a list of or you can go to the website and see all of the places that we have got communities going and then that will give you a good sense of where we are looking.
Jon Jaffe: Hi Bob, it’s Jon. Just to add on, in addition to the impact we see from the land strategy, we continue to manage in that environment on each community price and pace balance. If you look at for example, California and Florida, this past quarter, we averaged over one sale per week. It’s a really healthy pace and we are doing that in an environment where there isn’t the same kind of pricing power there was a year ago, so all that – that will drive our net operating margin to maintain a very healthy rate while we see that compression on our gross margin.
Jon Jaffe: I think we are seeing in all of our markets even the ones that you wouldn’t necessarily associate with first time buyers ability through higher density our product strategies to increase our exposure to that market as that market improves. So I think you will see a ramp up, it’s not only in the natural place like Texas, but you will see in the California markets, in Nevada and Florida as well.
Jon Jaffe: It’s Jon. On land sales Steve, those are as always with our company opportunistic. Our soft pivot strategy is much more about the acquisition side than the disposition. And we will look at opportunities where we map a longer land position and how we care that down to better fit our soft pivot strategy. But the core principle there is how we approach shorter term acquisitions. With respect to incentives, as Bruce highlighted in his comments, that really was driven for a company by what’s going on in Houston. As you look across our marketplace as I would say incentives maintain a very stable level. We don’t see sort of the norm being increase incentives at all.
