Jon Jaffe: So, that's a lot of questions, Steve. So, let me start by saying we do expect that our first quarter margin, we think, is going to be a low point. I think it derives in large part from a very general notion, and that is we've gotten out ahead of the migration downward in pricing. We've done it by price reduction and by incentive structure, as noted. And we took a very strong first move in that regard in order to keep the machine, the volume moving in the right direction. With that in mind, we started the reconciliation process with land. Remember, our land position is much shorter term than it's been in past. And therefore, we have flexibility. And so, we think that we'll be able to reconcile some land pricing. And as far as our trade partners are concerned, I think I was clear, we've been working with trade partners, both on labor and material. Some of those materials like lumber are already filtering through, just at the very early stages filtering through some of the price reductions that will build as we go through the year. But we are working hand in hand with our partners. And given our volume and pickup in market share, there's a lot of labor, a lot of other people out there that are looking to do business with us. We think we'll be able to bring our pricing down. And additionally, we've been hard at work, reconciling efficiencies in the homes that we built, changing product where appropriate and making sure that we are best positioned at sales prices, at interest rates that are higher to be able to access the market and refine our margin as we go through the year. You asked a question as what our assumption is relative to interest rates. We've kept a flexibility in our numbers. We recognize that the Fed is focused on unemployment numbers and wage numbers and are likely to continue raising interest rates. But the tenure has had a mind of its own, and mortgage rates have been trending down. I noted the flexibility, the shock absorber nature of our program, our dynamic pricing program that we have in place. All of it is almost agnostic to interest rates. We're going to keep moving through the year, adjusting our pricing and the affordability for our customers in order to do what we can to maintain volume. So, we don't have a forward view on interest rates that defines how our program is working, we're going to be adaptable to the interest rate as it evolves through the year. All indications though are that we're probably not going to see much more spiking and more moderating relative to interest rates. But that's a toss-up question.
Jon Jaffe: I just want to clarify, Steve, on what I said about construction costs. As I noted, we're currently working closely with our trade and adjusting contracted pricing. That's what I was referencing in terms of will start flowing through in the second half of the second quarter. The biggest needle mover is lumber, which moved down throughout the year, and we will see a benefit of that throughout the entire second quarter.
Jon Jaffe: No, starting now and through quarter and even on some open commitments on homes already started. It's just that we'll see the first benefits of those renegotiated prices with trade starting to happen in the latter part of the second quarter, and we will see the full -- the benefit throughout the full quarter of lumber reductions that started happening in the summer of '22.
Jon Jaffe: I would just add and remind you that our strategy has been and remains matching sales to our start pace, and we have a very steady start pace that will inform our sales pace as we move forward. That ties directly into the dynamic pricing model that as a tool our operators use to do exactly that.
Jon Jaffe: The other thing that tool does, you hear us throughout our strategies, talk about start pace and sales pace. This tool connects all of the dynamics and metrics Diane just referenced to that pace, so we can adjust in real time to make sure that we're not ever getting behind the pace that we want to be at.
Jon Jaffe: Look, we're clearly in the early innings because as the homebuilding industry is completing the fourth quarter of the year, you have for all builders really the largest production quarter, so labor has been -- has remained very busy while the market has slowed down prior to the fourth quarter. And as Stuart noted and I noted, it's -- that's why you typically always see a lag between sales prices moving down and then construction costs moving down. So, we're clearly in the early innings of that. We feel like we've got tremendous traction. And as I noted earlier, I think we'll see significant movement as we move through our first quarter, into our second quarter in terms of reductions. And that will happen primarily because starts have dramatically slowed within the industry. We've kept our start level at a consistent pace. And so as that labor frees up, that brings the cost of labor down. But also as the starts come down, that creates more availability of materials for the manufacturing production. So, material prices come down as well. That also tends to lag a little bit more behind labor because it's got a longer production cycle where labor is more immediate.
Jon Jaffe: Just to emphasize Rick's point, Michael, if you think about mortgage rate buydowns is really being a very effective tool in making sales in this environment. To the extent that rates come in, the cost of that buy down becomes less expensive and you could see probably potentially the biggest benefit from that if that come in.
Rick Beckwitt: I guess the only thing I think I would add to that is very thorough -- is that -- our gross margin is impacted by the volume of closings that we have at every quarter. And Q1 is most likely going to be the lower volume quarter. And as we close more homes, as Diane said in her description, the level field overhead that gets absorbed is spread over more closing, so that has a positive impact on margins.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, and I think that basically, if you think about what we're doing strategically, really building the pipeline between our land bankers, our land bank programming and the execution strategy embedded in our volume-based programming. And that's just going to continue to build confidence. I think that you'll see our owned home site count continued to moderate and be right sized relative to the business to be able to adequately provide for either stable delivery levels or growth levels as we choose. But that confidence that we're building and that pipeline I think is really value-add for the future.
Rick Beckwitt: So, looking at our sales pace for last quarter as well as our go-forward sales pace, we're going to keep -- as Stuart said, we're going to keep the machine going and feel that from an overhead and operational standpoint we get greater leverage by keeping that sales active. We know it's above where we were in 2019 from a pace standpoint and our focus is to keep and maintain that pace as we move forward into 2023.
Rick Beckwitt: And you really can't underestimate the leverage that we get in working with our trade partners as things slow down across the board. People are looking for work. If we're going to be the ones out there to do -- starting homes, we're going to get cost concessions, bringing cost concessions from our trade partners, from our land partners, and we're just going to continue, as Jon said, value engineer and re-specify product in order to make it more affordable, so we can have more higher margins.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, as we said in the commentary, we're constantly evaluating what's going on with other competitors, what their inventory position is, what their pricing is, are they generating sales? And this is a very fluid conversation that Jon and I have with the regional presidents and the division presidents. We are all over this. And to the extent someone make a pricing adjustment and if we need to move something, we're going to move it. We want to stay ahead of it and hopefully have them follow what we do. And there's not anything that we're really not familiar with that's going on out there.
Rick Beckwitt: And I think that the drop to mic or the proof in the pudding is, and Stuart mentioned that we've only got 900 completed homes in the Company right now. And in many ways, I would tell Jon, I’d like some more. Jon said he'd like less. We have our even flow and machine going and homes are being produced as we match them to sales, we've got the perfect amount of inventory.
Rick Beckwitt: So from a price ASP standpoint, we're not assuming any appreciation in the market. That's what our underwriting is at. That's what we see out there. To the extent that there's price appreciation or we're able to increase our ASP, what we do with incentives and there's a benefit in the financing market, that's just incremental upside to what we view will happen in 2023.
Rick Beckwitt: That's correct. So, we're assuming no price appreciation, no incremental price reductions. We think that the incentives that we've been offering are good, solid incentives and base prices in order to attract the volume. I think you can see that in the numbers that we've been generating. The margin upside throughout the year as we noted Q1 is going to be the low point. It’s really going to come from several things. One, Jon went through the cost side, Jon went through the cycle time, Stuart talked about land and we're going to continue to value engineer product to the extent that we need to.
Diane Bessette: Yes. I mean, Steve, the way I look at it, I think that it's a positive direction that our owned -- home site count has been going down. The desire is to always protect the balance sheet and reduce risk. So, the growth really comes from controlling as much as we can and keeping our owned at a much lower level. But the owned home sites really should be primarily finished home sites where we're going to put a shovel on the ground pretty quickly. So, I'm not bothered by the reduction of owned. The goal is to keep that as low as possible and keep growing the controlled percentage.
Diane Bessette: Yes. I think that's right, Ken. I mean, as you've heard us say consistently, we're very focused on keeping volume up, capturing our market share. We're enthusiastic about resolving some of the supply chain issues. You heard Stuart mention that we think embedded in our balance sheet might be about $1.5 billion. So, whether that's the exact right number or not is we can debate. But directionally, the point is there's a lot of cash sitting on our balance sheet. And so, as we unwind all of that, that would lead me to believe that you'll see lower inventory level and low home and construction -- construction.
Diane Bessette: Yes. I was going to say, Matt, if you think about what you're looking for an impairment, it's where you're finding negative net margins. And so if you look at where our gross margins are, it's not a surprise that our impairment split between backlog and active communities. On the active communities side, it was 8 communities, and we have 1,200. So, there's always going to be some communities that have negative net margins. But given where we are as a company on average, I don't think that the concern for net margin should be as great as some people are articulating. There's always going to be some backlog adjustments. There's always going to be some communities that are below the norm, but I don't think we're anywhere near the widespread impairments that people are voicing concern over.
Diane Bessette: It's really an incredible tool, Truman, and we really should spend -- and I'm happy to do that, I'm really happy to spend some time. It's much more involved than you would imagine. It's a home-by-home assessment, each home, each community, each market, and the tool looks -- of what we've sold that exact plan for over time. And it also looks at the market competition for that plan in that community in that market. So, it's a lot of detail, but the point is it truly gives us an unbelievable amount of real-time detailed information because that's really the only way that you can price. We talk about it at a very high level, but pricing really is at a planned community market level. And it allows us to be really flexible when pricing is going up as well as pricing is going down. We use the tool in all market conditions.
Stuart Miller: I think you can expect a lot of consistency. I probably haven't spent enough time talking about our dynamic pricing model, but it is really at the core of how we're running our business, and we're doing it on a day-by-day basis, focusing on how do we get the right pricing for the customer base for today's affordability to maintain that sales pace. I think you're going to continue to see us working hard in that direction. As I noted, it has the ancillary business of informing our land banking pipeline, but the dependability they expected is the dependability they'll get. And we're moving through our pipeline of higher-priced land that was priced or bought to yesterday's pricing, and we'll be bringing in land that is more appropriately priced to current market conditions. All of this kind of works synergistically to really inform us to keep that volume and that sales pace consistent.
Stuart Miller: Yes. So, I'm happy you asked that question. I know it's on the minds of many of our investors and people that follow the Company. We're not ashamed of having too much cash. In fact, in these -- in times like we've been in, it's a tremendous advantage and produces a lot of optionality. Looking backwards to this quarter, this was a tough reconciling quarter. Again, you have the clash of prices coming down in a very complicated supply chain that was in this repair, exacerbated by two hurricanes rolling through our primary markets. This was a very good quarter to focus on our balance sheet and cash generation. But here we sit in what we do with cash, we're likely to continue to generate cash with the program that's in place. Stock buybacks are clearly one of those avenues. We're constantly looking opportunistically at repurchasing stock. We did purchase some stock this quarter. But in the abundance of caution, we just decided to go slow before we go fast. Stock buybacks are on the table. But, also as we come around, we know -- and remember that in the body of my messages, we are going to sit with a production reduction, I think, it's going to be by a third, maybe more, a reduction in production of homes, both multifamily and single-family. We are not going to see the existing home market, putting a lot of supply in place because buyers are protecting low interest rates. And we're not going to have an inventory overhang. So, it is our belief that the duration of this correction is going to be somewhat smaller or more limited. And having additional capital enables us to be opportunistic in growing our business when those signals start to come our way as well. And you know us from the past. People have seen how we operate in the past. Lennar tends to be a first mover; we probably will be in this case as well. So, book to grow our business and to buy back stock and to pay down debt, all of these are viable uses of cash. We're fortunate to have the optionality to go slow first and then to accelerate and to pick and choose where the best returns are garnered.
Stuart Miller: Well, in your question, you basically embedded the entirety of our strategy because the reality is if you look backwards, we have been reducing our SG&A to extremely low levels so that as margins come down, we're still producing cash and we're producing profit and bottom line. But at the same time, it enables us in tougher time to continue turning our inventory, turning our land inventory, as I noted, our higher price purchased to yesterday's pricing land inventory. We will continue turning that. It is cash productive and we'll redeploy that into repriced land purchases for the future. All of this is symbiotic and works to drive cash flows, replenish inventory appropriately positioned while keeping the trains running on time and generating cash flow, improving the balance sheet and maintaining profitability. So, that is basically the game plan.
Stuart Miller: We mapped out exactly the strategy and said, this is what we're going to do, all the way down to the reduction in that inventory level, and this is exactly the game plan.
Stuart Miller: Well, let me just say that as I noted just a minute ago, we've been preparing for this for quite a long time. We have been focused on building efficiencies, sticky efficiencies into our SG&A, especially at the division level over the past years, quarter-by-quarter, basis points by basis points, we have been refining, reducing the cost of doing business. I think that if market conditions were to continue to deteriorate, we're going to continue to lean into the consistent program going forward. We have a lot of room to be able to make those adjustments. I think that there's been some concern about notions of impairment. There might be some modest impairments that flow through with further deterioration, but it's not going to be the significant kind of programming that you've seen in the past. I think we've got really terrific shock absorbers within our operating platform to be able to continue the program even as -- even if you look at a downside scenario, we'll continue to be building and volume focused through alterations of the market.
Stuart Miller: And it is real-time available to the local market as well as to the corporate office and everyone in between. And so that connected engagement really enables us to stay close to the market, close to the pricing and very interactive at all levels of the company.
Stuart Miller: And it dovetails -- all of this dovetails with our digital marketing focus. We have a robust digital marketing group with data science component that dovetails exactly with the dynamic pricing program. So, we're generating -- we're generating the customer base and building the pricing that is going to appeal and creating the intersection.
Stuart Miller: Yes. And I'm going to say as long as you brought it up, we have 900 homes in inventory. We would actually be better with more of that standing inventory because of today's customer is...
Stuart Miller: Yes, it’s premium. And I'd want to emphasize one more time there were no bulk sales at discounted rates to clear inventory. And you don’t always trust what you read. So, let's go from there.
Stuart Miller: So first of all, Alan, I'd say that we could look at some of the larger builders, and I'm sure that they'll adjust their start pace and no one has fleeted the switch in industry, a lot of very smart participants. But there are some practical realities relative to smaller builders across the country. Remember, the larger builders are that we make a proportion. And the capital markets are complicated right now. It's not just a question of strategy for some. It's a question of what can you actually get started and how are the capital markets supporting it. I think that it might be only 10% or 20% or 30%. I don't know what the percentage is going to be. My personal view is that it looks like many of the smaller builders are really pulled back, the complication of price reductions and what's been paid for land and stuff like that. The other side of it, which makes up about a third of production is multifamily. And the multifamily capital markets are very frozen up right now. I think that the number of new communities coming out of the ground for multifamily and even the single-family for rent buyers are kind of seized up because of capital markets considerations. So, let's not even throw in strategy just from a capital market standpoint, it feels to me, can't prove that, a very sizable portion of starts for next year are going to be under limitation. Now, if it ends up being only 10% instead of 25%, still, you're looking at a housing shortage. I know that there are many with different opinions on this. I believe there's been a production shortage, housing shortage across the country. If you talk to mayors and governors across the country, their single biggest concern is workforce housing supply and affordability. It is a drumbeat that is in almost every major city and every state. And we feel that there is a shortage that is going to be compounded by the fact that there will be some production and reduction out of this and whether 10% or 35%, it's still going to be short supply, and I think a more limited downturn.
Stuart Miller: So, we've seen a combination of increased traffic, greater buyer demand, traffic increase, both on -- in the community level and on our website, definitely fewer cams, [ph] which we noted. And all of that has just been stabilizing the environment, hasn’t quite led to higher pricing yet, but those are generally happened before you gain some sort of pricing power accounts.
Stuart Miller: And to the extent that prices curtail a bit more, some of the embedded cost savings are going to be offsets to that. But I think that we've gotten ahead of where prices have been going. And so, we're looking at kind of a level field right now.
Stuart Miller: So we rather not talk about community count right now because it's a very moving picture. You might expect since we’ve renegotiated, repositioned deals that community count could or should grow in the back half of '23. But I think right now, it's just too soon to give any guidance as to what those numbers would be.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Thank you, Mike, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. I know that we went on a little longer than normal, but these are complicated times. It's been a complicated year-end and we wanted to give a lot of detail. Look forward to reporting back in our first quarter. And if you have further questions, give us a call. Thank you, everyone.
