Stuart Miller: Well, listen, let me say generally, the answer is we're still seeing building strength in terms of people coming in, looking and having an in-earnest desire to be a purchaser. But given the economic turmoil, it's certainly kind of a rocky ground right now. But I think that the trend is generally in the upward direction. I think that market forces are working the way they're supposed to, in that these low prices and low interest rates are really piquing peoples' interest and getting them to think about the long-term cost of their living conditions. Rental rates going up is getting people thinking about the value of the 30-year fixed rate mortgage, particularly at today's interest rates. And we're clearly seeing people come in that are rethinking the home purchase opportunity. Let me just have Rick or Jon weight in on that. I apologize, we're not in the same room, so either one.
Stuart Miller: And just to your question, we are having active discussions with the others. And we feel pretty good that we'll be able to resolve this comfortably.
Stuart Miller: Right. Yes, and some of those expenses, as we've taken more real estate in, some of the expenses have continued to ramp up as you bring some of those assets on board and bring the assets up to snuff or you pay the property taxes or whatever the case might be. And it's also a mix, too, of which assets might have come in that month.
Stuart Miller: Yes, yes, we did. Yes, we are continuing to collect from the borrowers even after the real estate has been taken in.
Stuart Miller: I will tell you, Dan, it's hard to handicap. All I can tell you is that the discussions that are taking place are with piqued interest. There's a lot of attention being paid to housing thinkers and leaders. There's a lot of receptivity to some rethinking of government’s pullback from FHA, VA, Fannie and Freddie. Even with the pending reduction in loan limits, there are active discussions right now as to whether or not October 1 should come and go and see those loan limits reduced. And I can't handicap whether something will change before then or not. But it is interesting to watch the dialogue. People are getting concerned, particularly within the election cycle, that a continued slide in home prices and increase in foreclosure as we've been seeing will reflect badly, frankly, on both parties. And I think that there is an appetite to find a way to stabilize. There are some that believe that the private sector is the only answer and the right answer. But that is a growing minority, meaning it used to be the majority of people felt that way. I don't know how to handicap it, but my sense is that the government is going to find a way to loosen some of the lending standards that have gotten so oppressively difficult. And I think that the first answer in credit is going to come from the government. And then ultimately, we'll see some regulatory certainty creep in to enable a private solution to take shape. But I do feel that the government is going to come around to finding a way to get the lending markets working again.
Stuart Miller: Yes. That's a good question, David. Anytime you look at a group of loans, there are so many different elements that define the approvability of a loan, and isolating just the FICO store doesn't tell the whole story. But generally speaking, the answer is that there has been a tightening. It has been gradual and it has been continuing. And it's coming, frankly, both from FHA, VA and being distinct from Fannie and Freddie, and from the FHFA regulator, who oversees Fannie and Freddie as well. And then the banks have overlaid their own credit tightening. So the answer is there has been a tendency to continue to tighten and the rejection, which we've seen at about 20% of people who have a deposit, are ready and willing, have a good FICO score in the 650 range, just is really evidence that the market is really tough, that the lending standards have really constrained demand and maybe gone too far.
Stuart Miller: Well, I think that as it relates to the legacy assets, most of the private lenders have marked their assets and -- at least on the residential side. And that's less of a contributing factor. I think that the dominant factors are the putback risk of the lawsuits, the risk retention rules and the Dodd-Frank rules that are not yet clarified. The lenders are dealing with a complicated landscape that is also in part defined by the FDIC regulator coming in and looking at their book of business, and being either critical of what falls in or what falls out to their capital requirements. So it's a whole -- it's a group of tentacles of problems that are kind of dragging the traditional lenders away from any kind of aggressive role in the lending environment. And I know that there’s a general sense that, hey, it's good not be an aggressive lender, it's good to be risk adverse and stuff like that. But the question is, are we going to have a lending market where people can get loans for homes, or are we going to pullback so dramatically that we limit demand and the market can't correct itself? There's a balance there. And the private market isn't ready to make that first step. It's probably going to have to come from the government.
Stuart Miller: Well, we -- it's a possible avenue. We've talked about it, and we've articulated some positions with people in the government who are thinking about this avenue. It's, again, something that as more color and definition comes out as to what the opportunity looks like, we will certainly be considering whether we deploy Rialto assets in that direction. In terms of whether it's a good idea or a bad idea for the economy, we're a supporter of this and many other initiatives that are focused on bringing supply and demand in balance. So with the legacy portfolios of Fannie, Freddie, FHA, VA and the backlog of homes that they own, it certainly is a good way to drive some income to the government. So we'll just have to see what happens and see how we can participate.
Stuart Miller: Yes, and let me just say, Josh, I'm happy that you corrected that vocabulary misstep. This is anything but burning cash. We're really pretty enthusiastic about the deployment of capital to grow the future of our business. We think that we're investing our capital right now in primarily the Homebuilding business. Rialto is self-sustaining at this point. And we think that the opportunities that we're investing in are -- we know that they're contributing to current profitability, but we're perhaps most enthusiastic about what these investments mean for the future. And we've been very creative in the way that we both access and the way we've structured these investments. We think they're going to hold us in good stead in the years to come.
Stuart Miller: Yes. Again, that's over the first 18 months. But to a large degree, it's very early in the cycle. So yes, we do have a lot more assets to work through. But we're feeling very good early on in terms of where we are with the portfolio. And additionally, I'd say that there's very little in the way of low hanging fruit in these portfolios. It's distress is distressed because it is distressed. And I think that across the board, you're going to see a pretty steady resolution pattern. Some of the first resolutions have been some of the most difficult. So I think you can expect to see some consistency.
Stuart Miller: Yes, I think that as with anything in today's world, there can be some choppiness. But by and large, our program of resolution is a program of process. And it's a process that is carefully laid out. It takes time, but ultimately leads in a carefully constructed direction. I think that process will work on -- across the portfolio.
Stuart Miller: Yes, let me just add to that. Look, I think Diane does an incredible job of keeping us focused 3, 4, 5 quarters ahead of where we are. Our cash management program is really carefully orchestrated. And we're constantly looking at how we're operating our businesses in terms of cash coming in, cash going out. As we've noted, Rialto, which has been a question mark for a lot of people to how many dollars we'd invest and everything. It's really become self-sustaining, the Rialto operating or opportunity fund has really become the primary investment reservoir for Rialto. And that affords us a great opportunity to be a participant in the market, but still holding our cash position steady for the overall company. On the Homebuilding side, given our cycle time and our focus on operational excellence, we're really bringing in a lot of cash from the sale of homes from the underlying land relative to those sales and profitability and redeploying that capital. And while we are deploying excess capital into the Homebuilding side, it's on a very carefully constructed basis.
Stuart Miller: Okay, that wraps it up for us. Want to thank everybody for joining us. Just in summary, we're really very comfortable with the positioning of all 3 of our segments right now. Current profitability, operating leverage as the market starts to come back a little bit. And when that'll be, that's up for grabs. So thank you for joining us, and we look forward to reporting next quarter.
Richard Beckwitt: A little bit -- this is Rick. As we got to the August, the month of August in the quarter, we saw a little bit of a slowdown on a year-over-year basis because of the volatility in the markets. But that's just in conversion. But traffic has been strong and continues to be pretty upbeat.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, this is Rick. As Bruce said, we're getting tremendously strong margins in the new areas. A lot of these communities were -- have been around for a while and new communities could be something that's been open for, let's say, 18 months. Depending on the size of the community, that community could have been closed out because some of these deals came in through the TOUSA deal. But generally speaking, the underwriting standards that we've had for the new communities are in the 20%-plus gross margin area; high, high IRRs, and they perform extremely well. As the markets have stabilized, it's allowed us to bring into production some of the older assets, and those are starting to get some traction as well.
Richard Beckwitt: This is Rick. I don't think we're avoiding markets. We may be steering away from various price points because of the difficulty of the borrower to get financed at certain levels.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, this is Rick. We're constantly adjusting the pace of sales with the ability to increase pricing in the communities that we're selling homes in. On a longer-term basis, we get more upside by pushing pricing up and pushing volume, because it allows us to increase margins and does wonderful things for some of our older communities, with regard to increasing appraisals. Each one of the communities has their own business model. And as such, we may be doing one thing in one community on a volume basis and another thing in another community based on sales price.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes. If you look at it, we're not seeing any kind of dramatic change. All of these things were underwritten. If you look at the volume of activity that we did over the last 12, 18, 24 months, I think you'll see if you look at the cash flow going out and land acquisitions that we sort of stepped away from the markets when it got a little frothy and then moved back in when they cooled back down and took advantage of people stepping away because of their aggressive tactics during those time periods. But across the board, regardless of the vintage 24 months ago, 18 months, last 3 months, that 200 basis point spread is pretty standard.
B. E. Gross: So you will see, when we file our Q, you'll see that our liability has come down from about $9.9 million to about $6.8 million or so, so just over $3 million for one of those 3 majors. And we're talking to the others as well. And we'll keep you posted on that. But that cash did go out during the third quarter.
B. E. Gross: Well, let's put it -- we have a confidentiality settlement agreement. So let's leave it at, it's one of the 3 majors that were out there. But again, we've really vetted our reserve that we have out there. We think that we reserved adequately and whether we settle on a global basis or not, we're still very comfortable with the remaining just under $7 million that we had reserved for these putbacks.
B. E. Gross: Yes, the Rialto gains were driven primarily by the category of -- in REO, there's gains upon foreclosures, Steve, there's collections from some of the borrowers. There's some sale of REO. And those are net of REO expenses.
B. E. Gross: Sure. The range that we've put out there previously, 19% to 21%, when you strip out the -- and I would call it a nonrecurring benefit of 120 basis points relating to those closeout communities. We ended up at the high end of the range. But I think it's fair to say that 19% to 21% is still the range that we look towards, same as we said last quarter. As far as the percentage of new communities that are contributing to our deliveries, it's in the high 30s, it's about 39% of our deliveries are coming from the new communities. We expect that, that percentage continuing to gradually increase each quarter, so expect that number to continue to grow. And we're seeing about 200-plus basis points gross margin above the company average from those newer communities.
B. E. Gross: Yes. So almost all of that, Josh, was related to 2 things: acquisitions of new communities, again, these are well-located communities that we're excited about; and then other half is the purchase of some of the banknotes that I mentioned a little earlier that again are secured by what we would call A+ locations. So we think it's appropriate as we're very efficient with managing our cash. Yet Rialto that's recycling cash, most of their investments are coming from third-party capital. This quarter, the only investment we made in Rialto was related to our contribution to the fund. On the Homebuilding side, our cycle time is efficient. Our Everything's Included program, we're recycling capital there as well. So really, the change in cash is really focused on new opportunities that we're excited about.
B. E. Gross: As we were saying a minute ago, Nishu, we think given our efficiency that it's appropriate to invest some of that capital in some of these great opportunities that we're seeing. So we think there's a range of probably $300 million to $500 million of cash that we'd want to keep on the balance sheet in any one quarter, and of course, that's dependent on things like maturing debt and the like. But we've done a nice job of pushing out debt maturities and we'll continue to do that. So with that assumption, we think somewhere in the $300 million to $500 million range is probably about the right level.
B. E. Gross: Well, in terms of which months in the quarter, basically, June and August were the 2 large down months. Actually, August was down more than June was. The month of July was relatively flat. In terms of comments about this quarter, I think it's a little bit too early at this stage of the game to kind of give you any kind of guidance as to where we are in terms of marks this quarter so far.
B. E. Gross: Actually, I don't have that percentage handy. I think August was down somewhere in the 5% to 5.5% range, something like that.
B. E. Gross: Yes, it's more based on indices than anything else, because there really have been very -- relatively few trades, particularly of the securities that we own under PPIP. So it's really been more based upon how the rest of the RMBS and CMBS market have traded and how fixed income in general has traded and not so much a lot of data points on specific bonds.
B. E. Gross: Right, and cash flows have remained consistent in terms of how we underwrote versus what we're looking at today.
B. E. Gross: Sure. Starting with the home sites owned and controlled, there were about 107,000 owned and controlled, of which 91,000 were owned. And the impairments from a homebuilding perspective, homebuilding communities was about $9.7 million.
