Diane Bessette: Thank you, Stuart, and good morning to everyone. So I'd like to spend just a few minutes reviewing the highlights from our first quarter. So for many decades, we have operated with a balance sheet first philosophy and a strong focus on liquidity. And given today's uncertain environments, this is a very good place to start. As noted in our release, we ended the quarter with $785 million of cash on the balance sheet and $2.1 billion of additional availability under our revolving credit facility.  We reduced our year supply of inventory owned to 4.0 as a result of our continued focus on cash flow generation. At quarter-end, our stockholders’ equity increased to 16 billion and our homebuilding debt to total capital ratio was 33.6%, down from 38.5% in the prior year. As we look at the balance of the year, we have a very manageable level of debt maturity with only $300 million due in May, and only $300 million due in November. So with those balance sheet highlights, let me now briefly review our operating performance, starting with homebuilding. New orders increased 18% from the prior year and deliveries increased 17% from the same period. We ended the quarter with 1,258 active communities. Our first quarter gross margin was 20.5%, up 40 basis points from the prior year and our SG&A was 9.2%, which is the lowest first quarter SG&A percent we have ever achieved. These core results are evidence that we are managing our homebuilding business extremely well. And our financial services team also executed at high levels. Mortgage operating earnings increased to $41 million from $15 million in the prior year to continue with our technology focus, which will be valuable as we manage forward. Title operating earnings were $10 million, net of non-controlling interest compared to $5 million in the prior year. LMF Commercial, formerly our Rialto Mortgage Finance business, produced operating earnings of $7 million compared to about breakeven in the prior year. And just to spend a minute on our tax rate, the tax rate for the quarter was 7.5% as a result of our tax team’s tremendous effort to obtain the benefits from the new energy efficient home credit extension passed by Congress in December 2019. So in summary, our first quarter results demonstrate that we have a high quality management team that focuses on strategy and execution, which results in exceeding expectations. And so to come back to where I started, today, we find ourselves in turbulent waters and we will do what we always do. We will manage our cash inflows and cash outflows with great focus to ensure we maintain our strong liquidity position and preserve the strength of our balance sheet. And so with those brief comments, let me turn it over to the operator so that we can respond to your questions.
Diane Bessette: I think about it again higher level, I mean, if you think about where our gross margins are, let's say, that's about 21% and the impairment process considers selling and marketing expenses. So it's around 6%. So you're already with a 15% net margin as your starting point. So that's reasonably healthy, higher than the net margin that we had around that 2006 timeframe, give or take. So there's no crystal ball, it's very early. But I do think that that higher bar is very helpful to us.
Diane Bessette: And I think, Buck, the only other thing that I would add is, if it wasn't clear. Land development is in the same category, those dollars are equally large. And so we had looked at every single community every single dollar be spent in that community with the same level of rigor.
Diane Bessette: Directionally, that's right. Those are the components and that's where the bar is right now, so that's the starting point, because we’re only considering the selling and marketing, not the division G&A. It's always the costs that are directly associated with the land, so that's directionally correct.
Diane Bessette: Yes, I was going to punctuate that as well. That's right. So even if you got there, the amount of land that you're applying that too is far less, so your numbers will be lower.
Diane Bessette: No, John, that really hasn't been their direction. I think our real focus is just generating cash. That's the better answer. So as you've heard us say throughout this call, it's really managing the cash flows. And it is not our desire or goal to draw down on our lines as has been the talk in today's market.
Stuart Miller: So first, I want to say, Ivy, we know that that was a compound question so that counts as the question and the follow up [Multiple Speakers]. Well, that's an important and serious question. First as it relates to impairment, I've emphasized in my opening comments that this time it is different. This is not a financially, or financial sector driven slow down, this is not derived from inventory build up, it doesn’t derived from overproduction mortgages or excesses, it is a true Black Swan. It comes from a very different part of the world. So we're going to have to wait to see how this resolves and moves forward. But the impairment question is really relates to what kinds of duration we have and to what extent we see real impact to the overall and broad economy or to what extent we see snapbacks. You have to remember that when you start to look at impairing assets, there's a built in kind of shock absorber, or buffer between a reduction in the market and impairment and that is our gross margin. As you know, our gross margin has been robust and remained strong. You're also looking at inventory levels across the industry that have been defined by short supply and production deficit. And so it's going to be some time before we were called on to raise the question of impairment but with that said, it's possible. But the other counterbalancing thought is to keep in mind that we started a number of years ago, a soft pivot to lighter and shorter duration land position. And those shorter duration land positions will certainly not suffer the kind of impairments that we've seen in prior cycles. Our balance sheet is in excellent stead with shorter land position, strong margin and a short supply of products in the market for a population that has a great affection for having a home that's defined by safety and security for the family. So I think it's premature to start thinking in terms of balance sheet impairments and asset impairment. But I think as we look forward and think that there could be that question, I think it's going to be muted relative to anything we’ve seen in the past. So that's number one…
Stuart Miller: You probably have to see 50% or greater reduction in gross margin to start even thinking about impairment. So really as long as we are generally positive and generally cash flow positive, and Diane gave rather magnificent impairment primer as we went through the last downturn. So, Diane, perhaps you'd like to talk…
Stuart Miller: So the second part of your question was a shutdown for a month, two month period, and we in no way discount the possibilities as we look around the corner right now. So let me say that we've been very quick to react. And as I noted in the opening remarks, we absolutely have our fingers on all the levers relative to cash going out. If we are shutdown and cash stops coming in, we will immediately be regulating as well the other side of that equation and hope I've highlighted well, but we are focusing on a people first, people safety approach. And that means that while we would regulate the outflow of capital relative to land acquisition, land development and new starts, the very last thing that we would be considering will be laying-off or thinking about reducing our labor force. We are dedicated to supporting our people. We've made this very clear through the organization. And so we think that's our most valuable asset right now. But I think that we can balance the inflows and outflows of capital by managing carefully land, land development and production and maintain our organization in a constructive and healthy way.
Stuart Miller: So, I hate at this time to be talking about unintended benefits. But the answer is, we have a focused team approach right now on looking at our digital and technology oriented initiatives and counting them together. We basically have three focused strands that are customer facing. One of them is lead production through digital contracting, the entire process of generating lead, scoring a lead, attributing leads, engaging our customers in a digital format through internet, new home consultants and bringing a digital representation of our home. The entire process of engaging our customers on a digital platform is something that we are accelerating. We of course, as you know and I've spoken about in prior earnings calls, it has been a focal point of the company. This is a time where we're leaning into that. And of course, the change management that might have been frictional in the past is less frictional today, because it's just an opportunity to accommodate the market as it exists today. So the answer is a defined, yes. The second strand is in the closing process. We've been focused, we've mentioned before, a one tap solution, all the way from the contract through to the closing from mortgage application to mortgage approval, title, insurance, appraisal, all of the components we've been working on digital platforms versus been tirelessly working soup to nuts on that, the progress that we've been making. This just even focuses our attention even more on getting to that digital platform. And even in the interim, the innovation around a digital closing or a drive by closing, which is an innovation on the fly of engaging the notarization process and the papers that need to be signed right from the comfort of someone's car, not having to come into the office is an accommodation to the market that exists today. And Bruce and our financial services group have been working on that, and then of course relative to warranty. We are working on a more robust zero-defect closing, necessitating much less warranty engagement, which is not desired today. Touch points are not desired and engaging our relationship with some of our digital partners to rethink our warranty program. But these strands in our digital platform have given us a head start and are enabling us to think differently about how we manage our business through a very quickly changing environment.
Stuart Miller: Let me add to that, Rick and say, because what we've talked about is, this is a legitimate circuit breaker. Right now, the market has shifted rather abruptly. I think we all recognize that. This is a circuit breaker that enables the world, the market and ourselves, to recalibrate just a little bit to take a breath and that's how we're talking to our land partners and that's how we view them. They might be selling and we might be adverse at the negotiating table. But right now, it's all about how are we going to migrate forward. The economy is taking pause and so to do the land deals have to take a pause, and we're working with most of them, it won't be all of them but most of them. To put a pause in place and enable the market to reset and that's the way to think about it right now. But it materially alters the outflow of capital as we prepare for a stabilized balance sheet and foundation to navigate forward.
Stuart Miller: So let me say, Mike, one of the things we don't ever do is, have coordinated efforts relative to pricing or any of the operational side. We compete head-to-head and we’re competitors. But I do want to say in that light that I am a proud partner with our competitors in the jump to action across the industry, to think about how we can participate in fortifying supplies, both surgical masks, as you know, you've been painting and other parts of our business, as well as eye protection to help our health services. So while I have to say most emphatically that we're not having the discussions around pricing or holding the line, I'm not even sure that it would be appropriate to do that. We are definitely coordinated with our competitors as partners in serving our community and serving the greater good at homebuilders really care.
Stuart Miller: Let me say that that our competitive field is a group of very smart, capable, professional home builders. They're going to each and we're going to each, make decisions day by day running our businesses quite independently. And we're all seeing the same data points in the market. I think that intelligent decisions will be made across the industry.
Stuart Miller: So as it relates to land, you'll remember that our base strategy has been, had been, continues to be, migrating to a higher percentage of option, lower percentage of owned land. We had been migrating to a materially smaller spend relative to land and our cash flows were starting to demonstrate that. Of course, we're continuing along those lines. And so before these change in circumstance, we were on path to a materially lighter land position and expect to continue that trajectory. As it relates to SG&A, as I said, its people first right now, so let's not even think about the people side of the business, because we're here to support our people and they've been out there supporting us. But on the SG&A side, there are marketing costs and other costs that of course we are managing and monitoring. You've been watching our SG&A migrate downward anyway as an organic part of our business model that will be something that we continue to focus on. I basically say to you to focus on the fact that this was a management team that has its fingers and hands on all levers. And as markets defined themselves, we will be defining both the spend, liquidity and SG&A, and managing in concert with market conditions.
Stuart Miller: The landscape is still defining itself and it's too early to tell. We have a general sense that that is more the case. Jon, maybe you'd like to weigh in on that.
Stuart Miller: But let me just also say because Diane raises points to me the other day, and that is. Even as you think of impairments and getting to that place, the duration of land that we have sitting on our books is so much less than we ever saw before. The biggest impacts are to your later dated land. And, as you go through the impairment model, that's where the big impact is. So even if you've got to that point, the impact would be significantly less.
Stuart Miller: So let me say that in the last downturn, if you dissect the way that we approach the financial down turn, what we think of is end of ’05, ’06, ’07, 0’8, ‘09 those years, we adjusted first our home prices very quickly as we saw the market start to deteriorate. And we started selling homes at lower prices and looking at price discovery that was our starting point. And of course, the market continued to migrate downwards for an extended period of time, which at a later date translated into land impairments, because the pricing was coming down so quickly. In the current environment, we're not thinking about it this way. To-date, we have a shortage of supply of homes on the market, a shortage of supply of dwelling a production deficit that is still being made up since that downturn, it still hasn't been made up. There's still a need for dwelling. If you go to the discourse at local communities across the country, before the current issues arrived, the discourse was about lack of affordable housing, a shortage of affordable housing and the concerns that were being raised at local levels were how do we get more? We were not in an oversupplied situation. In today's environment, we're looking at a very different program. Right now, we're looking at an economic pause. There's going to be the beginning. There's a beginning. There's going to be an end to this. How we will recover from there is going to be a question. But with that said, I don't think that -- we don't feel that price and financial instigators are going to be at the heart of this. It's going to be more a recalibration. This is not an environment where we're going to build into it and build up inventory and sell at price discovery. What we've already highlighted is we're staying very close to the market. We're looking at on and off switches to see what's available, what we can do, and it's going to be very market-by-market case-by-case specific. And that's why I highlight the value of that the hands-on management team that's meeting every day, market-by-market to look at what's happening to define our way forward. It's very, very different landscape. I don't think we can go backwards in history, either to the last downturn or any of the prior ones. We've not seen one that looks like that. So there really isn't specific history to draw from. We're going to have to create this playbook as we go and I think that we're uniquely positioned to be able to do that.
Stuart Miller: As it relates to stock repurchase, we're clearly pausing stock repurchase as we look ahead in today's environment, because there is enough uncertainty where nothing is on autopilot. Nothing in our company is on autopilot. Everything that happens in this company is being considered on a day-by-day basis. As it relates to our debt pay down, the $300 million coming due and then the next $300 million, it is our expectation right now that we will repay those outstanding bonds. And one of the things I would highlight is that we are in the enviable position with an already recast balance sheet and already strong liquidity where we have the ability to meet those opportunities to pay down that debt, which has been our primary focus for some time and to meet that quite comfortably. So that is our thinking right now. That's the way that we're approaching the market. Not stock buybacks. Yes, pay down the debt. And manage the business and liquidity on a day-by-day basis. Everything is being manually engaged, nothing on autopilot.
Stuart Miller: So I think that, look again, we look day-by-day and consider the world as it unfolds, we are in the enviable position of a strong balance sheet and strong liquidity. With that said, we don't want to be caught off guard. But as we look at the national environment and what the government is doing right now, it seems that the government is very, very focused on getting ahead of focusing on liquidity in order to support businesses and support individuals as we migrate through the soft spot. So our [inaudible] reaction right now is not to and we don't have to pull down on those lines.
Stuart Miller: I think if I could ask the government for one action, it would be to demonstrate leadership and putting safety, security and health, health and hygiene first and foremost across our landscape, and it's probably a great place to conclude. Across our landscape, we were faced with a tragedy and we ran to the fire and we focused on what's the landscape, what's really happening and how do we address it? How do we put people and safety first and foremost, how do we focus on health and hygiene and how do we operate in a socially connected environment in a way that is pro social and that keeps us all safe. I think that leadership in these circumstances is critically important. It's the tone of our voice. It's the way that we confront and deal with the issues of the day. And I think that our work with our now Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Pascal Goldschmidt, has helped us navigate the circumstances, operate our business, and I think very much keep our people safe while we operate in an appropriate way. I guess I would ask of the government that it shows the same leadership. Just saying, focus on if you're sick, stay home. If you're together, stay six feet apart and let's don't shake hands, let's not even elbow bump. Let's focus on promoting safety, while we navigate the waters of finding a cure and ultimately a vaccine. And so that's what I think would help the homebuilding world and perhaps the rest of the economy heal appropriately. And I would ask for just good, strong, smart, focused leadership. So with that, let's end it there. And let me say thanks for joining us for our first quarter conference call. And we’ll look forward to keeping you apprised of the progress inside our company as we figure out how the landscape is changing and as we run our business and do the best that we can in changing times. Thank you for joining.
Jon Jaffe: What we're seeing is exactly what you described is price is not the issue right now. PITI is actually in most of our markets less than monthly rents, but very attractive for those that are out there shopping for a new home. So we're going to have to really react as we see things change on a daily basis. And what we're already seeing is it's different market by market, and even within that, I think you'll see fluctuations. So we're going to adjust as we go.
Jon Jaffe: There's just three or four small municipalities at this point that are impacted a couple small ones in Philadelphia area, Newark and Gilroy out here in California. But for the most part, even when there's been shelter in place ordinances construction has been viewed as essential and business continues.
Jon Jaffe: It's somewhat of a marquee landscape right now, each city is acting independently. We found that there is actually, as you noted in your question, a coordinated effort through the building industry associations working with each municipalities to get clarity. All I can tell you is what we found to-date is when we have the opportunity to have that audience and have the discussion, the cities are clarifying that the construction can continue reporting offices for title, transfers can continue. But there's no coordinated effort between municipalities at this point, this is all on a one off basis. So we're just going to have to monitor.
Jon Jaffe: So, let me just add on in real time. Nevada put out an order that there was confusion about just this morning, they clarified that construction is exempt. So construction will continue in Nevada, which affects Las Vegas and Reno, obviously, but that's just a good example how one off of the building industry goes and meets with the offices in this case with the governor's office, because this was a statewide order and we ended up with, just for the time being, the resolution that construction will continue in Nevada.
Rick Beckwitt: And I don't think you can underestimate Stuart's comment about the safety of having your own home. We're seeing that much of the customers coming in they want a place where they can stay. And that combined with the low rate environments and limited inventory that's continuing to drive the opportunity set.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, I'll tell you, we are very focused on cash going out the door. We started the process immediately when this whole situation came up. And it's really a weekly focus on each land transaction, wire going out and of course, my approval, Jon's approval Stuart's approval. And so we've taken a look at the timeline of all of our deals, all of our deposits and we've engaged in dialog with the close relationships that we've got going out several, several months. And at some point, this will come to a pass. We're not walking away from these opportunities, we're really as Stuart said, looking to postpone the closing and we're working hand in hand with the development community.
Rick Beckwitt: No, that's just spot on. I think that what's happening is you're seeing an increasing use of some of the newer technologies utilized by the municipalities and doing inspections and doing appraisals and keeping their businesses open. They're very focused on not shutting down housing but we're going to have to see how this morphs over the next several that weeks… 
