Rick Beckwitt: Sure, Steve, it’s Rick. I would say that across the board in all product types we are getting pricing leverage. It varies by market and by community, but pretty much across the board we’ve seen pricing power. We don’t know how much longer we’ll be able nudge prices up, and consistently as we’ve done in the past balancing pace and price, but we are seeing pricing power.  And some markets are much stronger, California and Northern California we are seeing great strength. We’ve seen good strength in the central part of the United States. Sales prices were actually up in Houston as well. So we are pretty confident that that’s going to continue. 
Rick Beckwitt: Steve some of the steps that we are doing is contractually. When we were buying at pennies on the dollar several years back, we were prepared to take on balance sheet and close because we got such significant discount to market. Today rather than closing, right now, we are contracting to close a couple of years down and moving the land through the process. So we are benefiting from wholesale pricing today, but don’t necessarily need to come out of pocket for cash until later. 
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah I think that actually goes for the Multifamily segment as well. The demand for rental properties today is off the chart. So we are seeing rent growth and lease-ups much faster than what we’ve under written, which is one of the reasons I would differ to the sales for two of the properties in the next couple of quarters.  As we look forward in to 2016 and beyond, we’ve got about 26 properties that have the ability to be sold and monetized during the next couple of years. That doesn’t even bring in to the question, the several billions dollars of pipeline that will be started over the next couple of years.  We couldn’t be prouder of the team in what we’ve done there and we are going to have to really see what size that thing can get to and what the best options are for our shareholders. 
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah, it’s Rick. I will tell you generally Texas is a strong market. Starting in Dallas the markets on fire, we’ve got excellent positions throughout the market and we are benefiting from the strong economy that’s in Dallas, and that’s really at our price point. We have a big entry level position there and we are benefiting from that. We’ve got move-up product and we are all over the price points. Austin and San Antonio are good solid markets, and we are well positioned there.  Houston which is in everyone’s focus, its’ about the same market as it was last quarter. If you look at our gross margins, our gross margins actually increased sequentially quarter-to-quarter. Sales were off about 9% this quarter, but we couldn’t sold more homes. We decided to focus on price as oppose to pace and we are going to continue to do that as the market evolves.  The entry level market in Houston is strong and getting stronger. When you get to the higher price points in Houston it gets a little bit softer, but that’s not all of the Houston market, it depends where you are. Closer to the oil corridor it’s a little softer. We are seeing huge traffic in the market at those price points. The people are cautious because they don’t know whether they will be laid off or not. 
Rick Beckwitt: So on the homebuilding side; we did see the Ryland and Stan-Pac combination. Think positively at that. With regard to though and our views on consolidation, acquisition, it’s a tough go for us, because we are I think probably the best land acquisition machine out there.  And when you are buying companies today, you are buying land assets, and we had found that we are able to buy those assets through negotiations with sellers at a cheaper price than acquiring the company and paying the goodwill associated with the company.  We have continued to look at smaller acquisitions and you can and we’ll continue to do so. But with regards to the larger public companies don’t seem to pencil out for us today.
Stuart Miller: Steve, this is Stuart, a lot of people are asking about the first time homebuyer, and as Rick noted it’s really across the board that we are seeing improvement across markets. That includes the first time homebuyer. We are starting to see the first time homebuyer come back to the market place, but from basically a very flat level of virtually non-existent first time homebuyer to some beginnings of improvement.  It feels a lot better, it feels like the first time buyer is coming back but they are not jumping into the market, still constrained by the mortgage market. So we’ll have to kind of sit, watch and wait till the next quarters to see how that first time buyer market continues to evolve.  As Rick Noted, you are seeing some pricing power and the first time buyer is probably the most sensitive group to price increases and interest rate fluctuation. So I think it’s going to be a push and pull program for some time to come, as pricing power continue to be pretty strong. 
Stuart Miller: And then going back to the other expenses on the Joint venture line Steve, we did have some start-up expenses with the shipyard community, as we are just at the very beginning of that, and that was the bulk of the offset and that’s something that you are just seeing at the beginning of that community as deliveries start to kick in later this year, we don’t expect that to continue. 
Stuart Miller: Steve, I highlighted at the beginning of this year, as we came in to this year that 2015 would be a significant statement year for the ancillary businesses, and in each one of them we are seeing significant moves towards maturity. I think at FivePoint, you are starting to see Hunters Point come online. I think Bruce highlighted we’ll see deliveries as we get through the back half of this year. We’ve seen a number of deals start to mature. As we’ve highlighted in prior quarters, and FivePoint is I think a group that most people have gone out and visited and been impressed with that progress. I think as it relates to our apartment communities, the fact that we are postponing two sales of apartments that we had expected to have this year is a distinct positive.  We have partners that are seeing the improvement in rental rates beyond our underwritten expectations and they’d like to hold on just a little bit longer. So we are going to benefit from rental income but not from the sales of those as we had anticipated. But we are going to see a recurring program of showing apartment communities as we go into 2016, and to sustain profitability there.  And then of course Rialto, I think the exciting part of Rialto is the successful investment of the first two funds along with the mezzanine fund at very attractive return levels that really marks a reputation in the asset management business that is going to lead right in to Fund III. We are not going to begin - we’ve begun our raise for Fund III, and we’ll start to see that to come to fruition in the back part of this year. Each of these programs is getting to a level of maturity, to a point where we can start to see not only monetization on the books of the company, but also strategic positioning for these companies for the future.  I can’t speak specifically about that, but I think that as I said at the beginning of the year, you’ll start to see those plans mature towards the back half of this year and in to 2016.
Stuart Miller: Yeah, we’ve spent a lot of time Steve on this soft pivot. A lot of it derives from lessons learned through the last downturn. As the management team and the corporate office and all the way through to the field, we’ve been very focused on shortening what we call, snout and tail, the beginning and ending part of each property that we’re purchasing.  And while we still see some tremendous opportunities to purchase strategic land parcels in the market, we were first to the market, we have a strategic advantage in that regard. The Fremont purchase that was highlighted by Bruce is a good example of that.  We’ve been very focused on bringing down the duration of land that we are bringing on our books unless we find a really unique opportunity as with the Fremont property. As we go through ’15, we are continuing our soft pivot as we’ve defined it. We are continuing to agitate around that, and we feel that in our primary homebuilding business, as we go in to 2016, we fully expect to be cash flow positive even while we grow, and that is in large part derived from the soft pivot.  We expect as we go forward, we are going to see a very strong program evolve, that is driven by shorter land positions and a strong drive to push efficiencies through the system. 
Stuart Miller: Well you got to realize that we are looking at averages over a companywide foot print. So the Fremont is an example of a much longer duration property, but I think a very, very exciting purchase. And if you look across the platform our average duration of land is probably coming down by about a year, year and a half on the purchase side, as we sit right now today and as we look forward we think we will drive that duration down even further. 
Stuart Miller: Good, let me take that first Bob and then Rick will follow-up. But I think we’ve said pretty consistently, we think we are in the early stages of this recovery. This has been a slow, steady recovery that’s been defined by pretty shallow levels of production. And those shallow levels of production are creating short supply for a growing demand and we think that as we look ahead, this recovery remains fairly shallow sloped, but consistent for a number of years to come.  So we feel that we are still in the early innings of this recovery, and have been guiding our company and strategy accordingly. 
Stuart Miller: At the end of the day just last comment on that. At the end of the day, as we’ve noted the first time home buyers just starting to come back in to the market place. They are going to start to come back and that’s going to have that upward ripple effect of affecting first time move-ups, second time move-up.  It really has an upward cascade in the market place, as the first time home buyers starts to come back to the market. This is going to be a slow process because of the mortgage market. Again this market has got a lot of legs. 
Stuart Miller: But with all that said, the weather in Houston was interesting this quarter. It was a little rainy, some people heard on the news, and the rains absolutely shut down the market for a number of days during the quarter. There were days where our offices were actually shut down because there was not electricity and the floods were significant. That impacted as Bruce highlighted some of our early stage construction, later construction of course was dried in and we were able to complete those homes.  So as we look ahead and as Bruce highlighted, that will affect some of our conversion ratio in the next couple of quarters. But really pretty marginal impact in a fairly strong market. 
Stuart Miller: We highlighted early on with our apartment program that our initial phase would be to define the business through a merchant build type program and that’s what you are seeing us move through right now is a focused merchant build program to establish a platform, to define it in the mind of investor, for people to understand what we were doing and how effective we can be. We are still going through that initial phase right now, but we’ve highlighted that there would be an evolution of this business as we go forward and as have achieved maturity. You are really asking the question that, how will this business mature as a business, what will its prospects be, how will we define a build and hold strategy.  And that’s really a question to be answered over the next quarters. I think that we are continuing to identify that merchant build program, but we’ve highlighted that through the course of this year. As this business achieves maturity, we think we’ll be able to bring clarity to how the future will be evolve for the business for this platform. And you can expect that over the next quarters, we will be able to bring that definition to you.  As it stands right now, I think that we are starting to identify some elements of certainty as to profitability in the early stage, and over the next quarters we’ll give better definition. With all of that said, I think that what you are seeing is a very credible program, in a well-timed addressing of the market condition as they exist, and we are extremely well positioned to bring that definition to this platform. So you will see that over the next couple of quarters. 
Stuart Miller: Yeah, so we’ve been very clear that our core business remains our homebuilding and financial services associated businesses. And those will continue to be at the core, the ancillary are opportunities for the future. I think that as we think about our business, our homebuilding business is strong, it has been strong, it’s assumed a leadership position in the homebuilding world, and I think that Jon and Rick has done an incredible job of building a platform that’s continuing to grow and to become more efficient as we go forward.  I think that the relationship in earnings, as we look ahead, I don’t know that I can identify exactly what the proportions will be. I think that one of the concerns about the ancillary businesses is that they can tend to be somewhat lumpy in the way that their earnings are presented, and they are not easily modeled.  And because of that I am not easily able to model what the relationship in earnings will be as we go forward. But as homebuilding continues to grow, we think that the ancillaries are going to grow also, and we can’t really lay out exactly what those proportions will be. 
Stuart Miller: Well, we’ve talked about this in prior calls, so we do expect to be cash generator as we mature the business and those numbers should get bigger over time. We think that the opportunity to deleverage, to return cash to shareholders and to invest further in the platform that we’ve been growing are all equal consideration, and I think we’ll leave those considerations open for when the time comes.  But I think that you can expect that we have a balanced mindset and thinking about each of those opportunities and that’s how we’ll run the business.
Stuart Miller: But listen at the same time, there’s an attraction to being part of a larger homebuilder, some of the smaller homebuilders might find that access to capital or [forging] these opportunities, I think that we are going to continue to see consolidation in the industry. There are likely to be larger scale combinations and may be some smaller ones. I think that positions us particularly well. If you ask traditionally about Rialto, I think that one of the most exciting parts of Rialto is that it has become a formidable force in asset management in deploying capital.  And the management team infrastructures that Rialto has created is not immediately apparent, but it presents itself as a very attractive combination, M&A kind of platform for a lot of opportunities out there, and we continue to hold Rialto up as an opportunity that can be defined in a lot of ways, not the least of which is through M&A.
Stuart Miller: Listen I think that it’s one of the more interesting programs that we have inside the company and in fact this past quarter Jon, Rick and myself jointly went out to review the progress on that community. It’s an unusual engagement. You would think that it’s kind of easy and normal to just build a rental single family community. It’s actually a different and unique animal. So we are going through some evaluation of how it’s working out. The immediate review that we’ve seen out there is that it’s pretty exciting opportunity for our company. It requires some additional thoughts, some messaging of the floor plans, the management program. But in a world where single family rental is becoming a more dominant theme and the scattered single family acquirers have shown some metrics that are interesting but nonetheless, the management component is complicated. This single family rental community is really very exciting to us. We continue to look at it, continue to experiment with it, and we are probably going to launch another one or two as part of our valuation as we go forward.
Stuart Miller: Let me add to that and say that you might or might not know or the investor world might or might not know that Bruce has directly - has been kind of running the dual position of being Chief Financial Officer and running our Financial Services Group. We’ve always had our Financial Services Group run up through our Chief Financial Officer.  But it’s more significant today because this is a rough and tumble mortgage market that is defined by a regulatory environment that has a lot of laws of unintended consequences coming through. And the new legislation, the new regulations that will come in to affect in October will have some ripple effect.  We are all over this and Bruce has been heavily focused on thinking through the nuance changes that will come in to the market in anticipation of some minor disruptions. We’ve been fortifying our mortgage company; I think you have seen it in the results from the numbers. But behind the scenes in the operations of our mortgage business, we recognize that there is potential for disruption and we are trying to stay ahead of the curve.  So we are going to have to wait and see exactly how the implementation comes forward, but we think that we are doing a lot of anticipatory work to really mute any negative impact that can come through in the back half of the year. 
Stuart Miller: As I noted, there are a lot of unintended consequences embedded in some of this legislation or regulation I should say. I think in many of the instances the consequences are that larger players are benefitted and the larger player’s ability to adjust, to adapt and to spend the dollars to be ahead of some of the regulatory changes works to the benefit. We certainly think. And given the amount of focus that Bruce has put on our Financial Services Group, and preparation for the regulatory changes, I think it does advantage us and thus flat the playing field.  I think the smaller homebuilders have had difficulty getting up running and engaged in a capital constrained market that has favored larger builders. They’ve had more difficulty accessing land. I think given the fact that we have a large mortgage subsidiary that’s able to do a large portion of our business versus a smaller builder that might have to depend on outside lenders. I think it does additionally slant the table in the larger builders favor. 
Stuart Miller: Alright, let’s call it there, and look I hope that you are hearing our answers and our tone. We are enthusiastic about our business. Our core homebuilding business and Financial Services Group are well positioned to continue to post strong results as we go forward. We are enthusiastic about positioning the maturity of our ancillary businesses and look forward to continuing to update you on future quarters as to our progress and to our strategy going forward. Thank you for joining.
Jon Jaffe: Steve, it’s Jon Jaffe. We are - that’s Concord Naval Station and we are still one of the two finalist; that decision won’t be made probably until September by the City Council. 
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. I would just add that as you look at our geographic landscape, we are well positioned to markets that we want to be in. So we don’t have the need to make an acquisitions to enter new markets or for immediately relative to deliveries. So we are very particular about looking at these opportunities and as Rick said really don’t find that they price very well. 
Jon Jaffe: Hi, this is Jon. We saw a pretty steady activity at our communities throughout the progression of the quarter. Month-over-month they were relatively balanced, so we didn’t see any big swing as commented earlier, just a very healthy spring selling season with strong activity in Florida, California and the part of Pacific Northwest and then very good activity in the rest of our states.  Didn’t really see any impact from the mortgage adjustment in rates as we went through the month of May, and it’s typical we don’t comment on the current quarter activity.
Jon Jaffe: Susan this is Jon, I will just add to Stuart’s comment that the mortgage process today is very invasive, very frustrating for the homebuyer, and the close working relationship that you are hearing and Stuart and Bruce described between homebuilding operations and mortgage company ready to sell takes a much better customer experience.  We track this and we see this in our surveys of our customers, and I think it will result in better referral rates for us and achieving a higher level of capture of more markets as compared to our smaller competitors. 
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. There’s continued pressure, we see it more on the labor side, perhaps than the material side in today’s world especially as start between single family and Multifamily pickup. And so some areas from framing and drywall, masonry, you see pressure there.  So I think we will continue as an industry to seek pressure on that. So you will see some level price increase as we move forward, and we do love to take advantage of every opportunity whether it’s in lumber, we borrow different material to find moments and time to lock in some pricing to offset that.  So I think we’ll see that percentage increase sort of slowly moderate down, but I think you should expect to see some continued pressure as we move forward. 
Bruce Gross: So Bob we’ve talked about in our central region that this is at the front-end of construction, there was water in parts of Texas and Colorado that delayed some of the start. So, we will catch up but initially we did lower the backlog conversion ration a little bit going in to Q3. But in total, if you look at deliveries for the year, we did increase them by 500 compared to the prior guidance. 
Bruce Gross: For the full year, Mike I didn’t put a number out for the full year, but we’ll be close to breakeven possibly a slight of loss now that we’ve shifted two communities in to early 2016. But I think the key thing is that starting in Q4, we will now have a consistent program with this segment that will generate consistent profitability each quarter going forward.
Bruce Gross: Well as you Buck, we are capturing 82% right now of our home buying customers within our mortgage company. So as you look at that population we feel very comfortable that our team is going to be putting through the change, testing it, be ready and we are very comfortable that we’ll be in good shape.  The question is for the remaining percentage whether a smaller mortgage companies or others that have to sell a home, that’s just a question that we’ll have to wait and see if there is any impact there.  Internally of course we are focused on making sure that we are not as backend loaded in the last few days of a quarter or a month, and trying to be proactive to accelerate that so there is minimal disruption even if some of the other mortgage companies have some issues. 
Michael Rehaut: First question I had was just, may be if possible, a little more granularity on the Texas market. Aside from the floods you were able to put out similar results to last quarter, and just wanted to get a sense, just given that it still is a topic of interest among investors.  If you could give us a feel for, last quarter Houston was down 7, this quarter down 9. So a similar rate, if that was driven more by community count or sales pace. And then across the price points or demographic segments, which areas or parts of the market are stronger or weaker. 
Michael Rehaut: Appreciate that, and obviously your other regions are doing pretty strong right across the board. So the diversity certainly kicks in as well. Second question, Bruce you had mentioned some of the different line items of guidance and I believer Multifamily you described the strategic position for hold-on.  I might have missed it but, could you update what the outlook now is for the Multifamily earnings for the full year, if you could just share that. 
Michael Rehaut: I appreciate that and of course understand the strategy there. But with that last statement though, there’s been talk around whether you would hold on to these apartments and more, just trying work up a lease-up and cash flow type of dynamic or continue to sell them out. You just mentioned that with Q4 with the sale of two building in Q4 now expected that would be the start of a more consistent cash flow generator.  So is there any shift there because I think over the last quarter or two, I think some of us have been hearing the possibility of maybe not selling as much as you were to expect or had initially expected in terms of actually selling the buildings but more holding on from a cash flow standpoint. Just want to know if there’s any, how you guys are thinking about that today.
