Richard Beckwitt: So Ivy, I'll start of and then I'll flip it over to Stuart and Jon. This is Rick. We're really geared up as a production-oriented builder right now. And given the tight labor-end market, we feel it's extremely important to keep our production pace up, we have the land that's in queue and our intent is to build and deliver more than 50,000 homes this year, even if it's at the expense of some margin. We know that it's important to generate cash flow. It's important for us to leverage our G&A and I think that's the best operating model that we can have in this environment and if builders pull back with the market softness, we're going to increase our share.
Richard Beckwitt: And the ancillary benefit will be, as we see in the land market when builders adjust their pace, there'll be incremental opportunities for us to step into some land positions that will be attractive at lower cost base. So we're continuing to move forward.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, I guess, the only thing I'd add to that, Ivy, is, as Jon said, once you get to the higher price points. The market is there. Buyers are being very particular, but it's a bit softer. With regard to specific markets, I know Houston always comes up with the volatility in the oil market. The market has gotten a little bit skittish above that sort of $350,000 price. Fortunately, we have a great position in lower-priced communities in that market and so we've been benefiting. An example of a real strong market that you wouldn't think of today is San Antonio. We've got a great position at the lower end of that market and that market is extremely strong right now.
Richard Beckwitt: Let me start with the land transactions and these programs. Yes, I'm giving a little bit more incremental information each quarter, Steve, because you keep asking. But I really do want to keep some of this close to the vest. What I do -- what I can share with you is that we have a profit participation in two of the programs, because we made a strategic investment in their operating companies. And through that investment, we'll share in development profits over and above the ability to purchase homesites that are at a below-market cost because of our investment to the extent that these entities sell land that we don't want to build on will participate in the full profit through our interest in the development entities. And another -- and so we've slightly structured different deals, but in essence, they all have the same type of flavor, where we can access land at below cost -- below market cost and also participate in the development profits at the entity level.
Richard Beckwitt: Ultimately, it should. In the beginning since we're coming out of the ground right now, you won't see a tremendous impact in 2019. But the long-term benefit of these relationships will be that we should be able to leverage more G&A -- that third party G&A at the same point in increasing our return on assets and that's really the model that Stuart laid out for us in our program. That's the whole concept of the land pivot.
Richard Beckwitt: So from an overall land strategy and we're continuing on our land acquisition program, we've expanded it through these relationships with some very strong third-party regional developers. We do opportunistically take advantage of market weakness when builders pullback from opportunities, it gives us an opportunity to swoop in, generally on something that could be shovel-ready at a price that's more competitive than it was under contract. This is something that's in the Lennar DNA going back 20 years and that's not to suggest that we're going to overpay for something or chase deals in order to get volume. We view things opportunistically and we run our business every day.
Richard Beckwitt: But in either case frankly, our operating model right now is to continue production and to solve for margin and so the thing at risk in the P&L will be where that margin goes to. And if we need to sacrifice margin in order to keep pace, in order to maximize net operating margin that's what we're going to do.
Richard Beckwitt: So what's difficult to project and look at is we're basing our pickup in traffic on a December month, which is a very seasonably slow month. What we have done with regard to first quarter expectations is take, basically, sales absorptions and sort of streamlined that was over the next three months in the quarter, which is resulting in a down year-over-year on a pro forma basis, but we don't feel it's appropriate to give guidance that picks up an activity that's above what we've seen in the field. So what we're trying to do is just be straight up with you as we did last quarter. And I think that's what you're seeing in the numbers.
Richard Beckwitt: Saw increased traffic, increased qualified traffic, increased folks willing to buy. But as you look at December versus other months, it's a seasonably low month of the year, so it's difficult to use that as a barometer for the rest of the balance of the year.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, so that's exactly what our program is. We started this soft visit going back several years ago. Coming out of the downturn, we were aggressive buyers of land and we were opportunistic. As we sit today, we're about -- last quarter we ended the year with 25% controlled through these additional relationships, we're up to about 31% controlled and I'm extremely optimistic that we'll get to north of 40% relatively shortly. And as we move forward and establish these relationships across the country, which I'm confident we'll be able to do, I think we'll be able to exceed what our original goal was. [Indiscernible] to get better returns and achieve all the benefits we identified.
Richard Beckwitt: So this is Rick. Our incentives for December, which is really just one month and I want to make sure that everybody understands, because as I have said in my commentary, it's too soon to tell where things are going to go. But the incentives for December were consistent with our quarter for the third quarter of last year -- of fiscal 2018. So we saw a market improvement in our sales incentives. That said, as we've discussed throughout the call, we're going to continue our program and price tomorrow and if the -- we have to incentivize more or less, we're going to move inventory.
Stuart Miller: I think, Jon highlighted it well in his comments and noted that we're going to continue producing and there could be some impact on margin if the market continues to be soft. But that'll hold us in good stead. If the market comes back, as we fully expect it will, we'll be profitable with strong cash flow and if profitability comes down a little bit, we'll still have strong cash flow and that's the strategy going forward.
Stuart Miller: It's Stuart, let me just contextualize this and say that from a strategy standpoint, understand that our overarching view is that the market has paused, that it has reacted to higher prices over years together with a rapid increase in interest rates and there's a little bit of sticker shock in the market suggesting. Production deficit and supply constraint in the market, we think is kind of a floor, this market is not likely to go down in an accelerated way. And additionally, we think that the basic economy is strong. Unemployment is low, wage growth is happening. There is general consumer confidence. And so as we look ahead and we think about purchasing land and we think about volume, while there might be some softness, squishing us in the market, our strategies really informed by of you that the market is generally healthy. It's going through an adjustment and so our land strategy continues to be consistent. As Rick and Jon highlight, opportunistic in nature, but we're moving forward with a fair degree of confidence that the market will self-correct.
Stuart Miller: It's really hard at this time of the year to get a reading from the market, because the season tends to impact what you're getting as a feedback loop. And so we're not extrapolating that forward, we're giving you a sense of what we're seeing.
Stuart Miller: We've been careful not to give too much guidance looking ahead, because there is uncertainty. As I highlighted in my remarks, there has been some pressure on pricing that's come from the market, which is downward relative to margin. There's also been pressure from other materials, labor and land pricing. These moving parts are going to continue to define themselves as we go through the first and second quarter of the year. That's why we didn't want to give too much guidance, because we are in an uncertain moment. Let's wait and see how they resolve themselves. Certainly, there's some tailwind coming from lumber. We know that and we'll see if it's enough to kind of help stabilize margins. It's good question, but we'll have to wait and see.
Stuart Miller: I think that's a good framing of exactly the topic. It's why as we sit here today, we aren't going too far -- getting too far ahead of ourselves and looking at where the marketer is. There are those moving parts and we certainly might have to use additional incentives if the market does not get -- does not start to accelerate as we go into the spring. But I want to go back again to my comments, Nishu and highlight that we're still dealing with production deficit. We're still dealing with a fundamentally strong economic foundation, low unemployment, wages going up, consumer confidence generally strong. There are factors -- macroeconomic factors that can adjust that and we don't underestimate that. But we still feel that the base for housing has a more limited downside and a significant upside as inventories are low, production has been low. We're certainly seeing that one of the great beneficiaries of a slower home sales environment is the rental market, meaning our rental program has been doing extremely well. And so it means that demand is out there. Need for dwellings are out there and we think that the market is going to continue to be relatively strong as we get into the selling season. Let's go with one more question.
Stuart Miller: Some good questions. You've heard us talk a little bit more about the technologies around Financial Services. All of these discussions have roots some years ago, meaning they don't start up last quarter and we'll report the next quarter. We're working on these things over years and we're starting to discuss them as they bear fruit and as they become relevant to the way that we're configuring our company. Just like we're focused on some of the fintech solutions that are now coming to fruition. We have been hard at work. Particularly, Jon has been hard at work at the tech solutions in and around the production side of our business as well as other components.  There are many ways where we can either partner or develop new technology that can enhance the way that we approach the production process. But they aren't mature enough yet for us to actually start laying them out and feeding them into the way that we guide you as to the configuration of our business sort of the way that will impact our business. But across our platform, many areas, not just construction, also in sales and other areas, we're working on technology solutions and best-of-breed partners that can help us both build the better mousetrap, reduce our overhead and enhance our customer experience. And I hope you're hearing that as we start to articulate this more and more going forward. It's all of those components. A better customer experience, a more efficient operation and using partnerships with best-of-breed leaders like States Title and Hippo to be able to leverage their prowess, their expertise and to build a better program for our customers and for the operations of our company. That's the program and yes, it is in the production part of our business as well.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Thank you, everyone. Appreciate your attention for our fourth quarter and year-end and look forward to keeping you updated as we go through 2019.
Jonathan Jaffe: I'd only add, Ivy, that if the market does remain slow, we'll have some offset to margin pressure from reduced cost as what is now a very constrained labor market will become more available through lower production levels in the industry.
Jonathan Jaffe: Ivy, it's Jon. I'll start and turn it over to Rick. No surprise as you've seen your fieldwork. We've seen more activity, better absorption pace at the lower price points and as you move into the mid kind of price points, we saw stability at the beginning of the quarter and then that sort of softened as it went through the quarter and at the higher price point, you saw the greatest weakness. Clearly, we saw the greatest differential in absorptions and the higher-price California coastal markets, so the Bay Area, Orange County, even to some degree the Inland Empire, which was pretty hot market saw the effect of what was happening in the coastal markets. Those same coastal markets also affect some market that benefit from them like Sacramento or Reno, which typically benefits from people move down the Bay Area, so there was a trickle-down effect to slow absorption pace in those markets. Seattle, which was really strong market saw some pullback as well. So those were the weaker markets. As you look at the east, it's actually pretty stable from an absorption standpoint. But the same patterns of more affordably priced product moving faster and more expensive products appropriately slowing down some.
Jonathan Jaffe: Stephen, I don't have in front of me the exact timing of that, but I would say that most of that is in place with national contracts and we'll see continued improvement as we put in place opportunities that were identified through our -- synergy workshops that took place throughout 2018, so it'll progress throughout the year. The target really is to be there by the end of the year and hopefully we'll be a little bit ahead of that. As far as what risk there is, given our strategy of maintaining our pace from a volume standpoint that should not be a risk to it. So I think it's really just, in our court to execute and I got a lot of confidence in our team, from our national purchasing team to our local division that will execute well on this front.
Jonathan Jaffe: Trey, this is Jon. I would add, first of all, we're positioned with the land we need for 2019. So we're really talking about as looking forward and to that extent, Rick described what we've gotten in some larger relationship transactions. We're really applying that same kind of thinking to the more local and smaller levels. So not a slowdown in pace, but more a change in shift to structuring deals so that as the market presents itself, we're positioned with more option structures than land owned.
Jonathan Jaffe: Hey, Steve, it's Jon. First, simple on the government shutdown, we've not seen any impact from that to the market in the DC area. Relative to California, as I mentioned earlier, we've seen, I think, the biggest delta in change in absorption pace. So as we saw towards the end of the fourth quarter, more incentives to sell homes that will be delivered going forward to those stimulate the market given the nature of that magnitude of change. And what we see more currently through December is sort of affirming better traffic, better quality traffic and affirming of the pricing opportunity because of more of willingness to buy from the traffic that we're seeing.
Jonathan Jaffe: No, I wouldn't say it's better, I'd say it's probably still lagging a little bit. So firmer than it was, but still as -- on a comparison basis, not as healthy yet as the rest of the country.
Jonathan Jaffe: But first, let me clarify that the combined labor materials about half of that, 50% as I said. The material portion of that lumber is about 30%. So as we see lumber recover in pricing and we got that locked in, you could translate that too on average between $3,000 to $3,500 per home lower cost going through our system. Now I think, at the same time, the reality is that the current environment, there is a constrained labor situation with upward pressure on labor cost. Given that we expect the market to stabilize, really don't see an improvement in that environment. So sort of see those as offsetting and so I wouldn't look at a full recovery margin just for lumber.
