Stuart Miller: So let me start, and I'll hand it over to Jon in a second and say that -- as I noted, Truman, we are not just picking up steam, but we're picking up confidence and a lot of that derives from the focus on starts. It's not that the supply chain is quickly getting resolved, it's that we are putting more homes in the ground. We recognize that cycle-time is extended and with additional homes under production that are farther along, we have a larger pool to draw from as we look at closings. So, we're picking up steam and picking up confidence and being able to, in the current environment, kind of, see some visibility to what we're able to deliver. And let me just say it is -- this is not an easy migration. It is taking a lot of focus, time and attention. And I just want to say that what we're finding is that size and scale matter quite a lot. That means the way that we engage with our building partners and that builder of choice kind of mentality that we brought to the table is critical and the day-to-day engagement directly with the participants in the supply chain is becoming more and more important. When you put those pieces together, you find -- we find that we're able to have greater visibility as to how our business is migrating forward. So Jon, maybe, you'd like to indulge on that.
Stuart Miller: And Rick, why don't you weigh in on market share and where we think the current supply chain programming brings us on ability to capture even greater market share.
Stuart Miller: The short answer to that is no, there haven't been shifts in appetite or ability to option. And remember that we're focused on building a structured approach to that the option program and have been working through land structures to do that. I think, that we'll be able -- we are certainly migrating in that direction with a greater portion of our land asset option versus owned and I think it will continue in that direction.
Stuart Miller: So Mike, I tried to be very clear in my comments. I noted that our -- earlier this week, management call, we surveyed almost exactly that question across our geographic footprint. And the answer is where that sales were ranging anywhere from strong to very strong. And I think that, that's the -- that's been the consistent answer by our divisions and our regional presidents. So that's what we've been seeing. Now, with that said, I also try to daylight in my comments that there are definitely elements in the economy that give rise to questions, and I know that some will kind of look for any evidence of kind of a change in the environment. We haven't seen it yet, and yet, we're very cognizant of inflation and inflationary pressures. Interest rates and the upward movement that is -- I can never predict interest rates, but it's seemingly all but certainly moving up, and we recognize that there are potential cross currency here. But those very crosscurrents can be arguments both for sustainable strength in the market as well as fissure in the market. In the current environment, as I noted, wages are going up, but so too are housing costs, the inflationary pressures on rental rates. This is really important as we look at first-time buyers and people coming into our welcome home centers, they're seeing significant increases in their rental rates and looking for a defense mechanism as stability measure that they can inject in their finances to at least hold steady one component of their cost structure. They can't really do much for gas prices and food, but their housing cost, they can fix with a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage. So there are cross currents out there, we have not seen to date any change in the demand patterns except towards strength, and we're watching it very carefully as you are. And we're just giving you a straight shot as we can. Across the country, it's been pretty strong.
Stuart Miller: So, decidedly, Mike, we haven't given enough detail for you to make those translations and we're not prepared to give that detail. In terms of the assets that are flowing from Lennar towards SpinCo, I think that it's still good math to think in terms of $5 billion to $6 billion. Some of it has already gone, migrated into assets under management that will ultimately be verticals of SpinCo. And -- but we don't have a clear translator for you at this point. But order of magnitude, from the assets that will actually be spun on the day of the spin to the assets that are being put into the SpinCo, it's in that order of magnitude. If you look at, for example -- if you look, for example, at the multifamily component. The multifamily component, year-over-year or from the end of the fourth quarter to the end of this quarter, we've gone from about $10 billion of assets under management to about $10.7 billion. I can't give you a percentage, but a sizable percentage of that increase in assets under management with actually, land and construction for multifamily that migrated into an asset -- an AUM asset management program. Relative to land, some of the land that will be in land strategies is coming from book. Some of it is coming from assets that we're purchasing that are never coming on to book. So there isn't a perfect translator. I still think that order of magnitude, we're looking in that $5 billion to $6 billion range of assets that will have migrated into that form of ownership, and you're seeing cash flow into Lennar reflective of some of that as we make the migration towards a spin-off day. In terms of the fee stream, we haven't laid out how those fee streams work, and we haven't built for the stream, yet the model of how those fees will work. But there will be that clarity as we get closer to a spin-off day.
Stuart Miller: Okay. So I'm going to ask Diane to lead with an answer on this one because she spends all of their time focusing and assessing over the -- and Rick to follow-up. So go ahead.
Stuart Miller: I'm not sure I'm following the question. It's spinning versus selling an optioning back? Help me out with that.
Stuart Miller: That is exactly what's happening is, look, we basically, in all of these areas, stood up asset management verticals. And ultimately, they will be pulled together as SpinCo. Those verticals are -- they are currently using third-party capital to acquire assets and assets that in some instances, we have on our book. In some instances, we are buying from third-parties are going into those asset management verticals currently.  As the assets started on our book, that is generating cash for Lennar and being redeployed into the business as stock buyback, debt retirement or whatever the strategy is. But the SpinCo process is already in progress right now and the migration of assets to the asset management verticals is happening both for Lennar multifamily, for SFR and for land strategies. And as we pull that together, I think it will be clearer that some of the assets are coming from our book and generating cash to the core and some of them are just avoiding cash that would otherwise be spent. On the side of each of those verticals and that is happening currently as we prepare for the actual spin-off.
Stuart Miller: Yes. And not only in the best interest of amount of time that has been taking to get SpinCo stood up, not to simply wait and then contribute and then reconfigure, we've just been doing it as we're going. Matt Zames as we've noted, has been working with us on this and has been an advocate for, let's not waste time. Let's get this going right now. If you know Matt, he's that kind of person. And so we have energized the program of converting assets into cash, turning cash into stock, buyback into debt retirement into increased inventory and increased certainty in deliveries and that's exactly what's been happening as we prepare to spend.
Stuart Miller: So I appreciate that, Alan. I don't think we've seen that yet, but earlier, the question was asked about picking up market share. This is kind of one of those markets where it kind of seems inevitable. Size and scale is working to our benefit in reconciling the supply chain. It's getting frustrating out there. We'll see what happens. We're not going to be engaging a lot of M&A as we grow our business at the large-scale side, but as we enter new markets, certainly on the table.
Stuart Miller: All right. Very good. Thank you, everyone, for joining today, and we look forward to reporting back with our second quarter. Have a nice day.
Jon Jaffe: Yes, I think you hit a lot of the key points, Stuart. Starting with size and scale, as you mentioned, really gives us a seat at the table and the prioritization. But Truman, as you can imagine, if you sit down with CEOs and key executives of manufacturers, distributors for 4 to 6 hours, really opening up the thought process, how do we have a different approach to the products we buy, to the way that they're distributed, to joining together manufacturers and distributors to think through from the origin of the supply chain, all the way to the installation of our home. You're going to come up with a lot of interesting thoughts and ideas. And we're in the process right now of really vetting those, we'll be beta testing them and are very confident that we already see opportunities for significant improvement. And as I mentioned, it's going to give us better cost control for both us and for our trade partners and give us much more clarity as to the delivery process. And it begins a lot with our technology and our ability to give forecasting information with real clarity to our vendors, which is critically important for them as they plan how to strategically supply us.
Jon Jaffe: And Mike, I would also add that, as we mentioned, we're very carefully controlling what we released for sale. There's clearly demand across all our markets, where if we released more homes that they would sell. And people are waiting for us to release more homes. And I’d also point out one data point, which I think just supports the current state of what we're seeing, is that our web sessions online are over 20% year-over-year and the conversion of those to leads is up almost 50%. I'm just indicating the significant interest that's out there in homeownership.
Jon Jaffe: And Steve, just to add some color to what Rick said. We are very focused on accelerated growth in Texas. So, let me refer into that community-driven mix, it's not a timing thing. It's strategic and it's going to be ongoing as compared to the growth rate in California. The California is still growing and has a higher ASP, but Texas is growing about twice as fast, strategically, for us at a lower ASP.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. So, there's no question we continue to gain market share on the private builders and many of the larger or mid-market public builders. This is going to continue to happen. A lot of this is driven by really access to land. Because when we have 20% to 40% market shares, the land market needs to work with us. So those land relationships are driving a lot of the gain. And then just the efficiency of our product, our Everything's Included program allows us to work much more efficiently with the supply chain and as a result of that, we're capturing more product.
Rick Beckwitt: And the only thing I'd add to that, Stuart, is sequentially, our cancellation rates actually went down. And what we're finding is that if something cancels, that home is gobbled up very quickly at a higher price than what it was put under contract. So the markets are strong and just continue to feel healthy.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah. Diane is exactly right. A lot of that was just timing. Some of it was driven -- a lot of it was driven by potential fear of tax rate changes, given some of the talk that was going on earlier in the election cycle. People wanted to avoid paying a higher tax and transacting in 2022. It's really just timing. We're very focused on bringing that down. And with regard to your question about pre-pandemic pricing and land opportunities, you're right, and I think that's why you're seeing our margins continue to improve. And the level of land embedded on a cost percentage to be very attractive. So we're really pleased with what our land teams have done.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, so we're not guiding for a $495,000 ASP for the 2022. A lot of this is just mix and timing of sale and which communities we've released product from. There's no question we are seeing a very healthy sales price. We'll continue to execute on a strategy of leasing sales and small releases to maximize that price. And there is tremendous pricing power out there. But given the overall mix of communities that we have for the balance of the year going in and the product that we've started, some of those are smaller homes that we just haven't released for sale yet, that are you going to blend that price.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, I would say that probably, less than 5% of the homes in the last quarter were sold to folks that either are institutional renters of product. We sold some homes to our upward America venture that we have with are other investors that Stuart talked about that has about $2 billion of committed funds for that vehicle. But it's a very small percentage, and most of what we're seeing out there are primary buyers.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. I think Stuart is exactly right. We're laser-focused on quality and professionalism, and that's exactly what the Breland opportunity brought to us. They're a great company. They are laser-focused on product that is simple to build. And one of the better parts of that opportunity was having the opportunity to create a land relationship on a go-forward basis with Louis Breland, who is an expert in finding land, entitling land, and it's just a continuation of our land strategies, business where we have that done, not on our balance sheet, but off balance sheet and controlling that pipeline. So it's very consistent with what our focus is.
Diane Bessette: Yeah. I guess I'd say, Steve, yeah, you're right. I mean, our -- look, as I said in my comments, land purchases are -- they fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. You often see a pickup in the first quarter because our land sellers are very motivated often to transact before the calendar year is over. But I wouldn't extrapolate that. It's just lumpy, and we're really focused on just making progress year-over-year. So you are right, a little heavier this quarter, but it's just lumpy and it fluctuates.
Diane Bessette: Yes, John, very, very small. Happy to have positioned ourselves into a new market, as Rick indicated, but it's very small. The Breland add only about 1% to our delivery count for the year. So, pleased to have a new market that's very small relative to total delivery.
Diane Bessette: Yes, that's right. Very little gross margin, as you can imagine, but again, not very impactful to total gross margin given the small volume.
Diane Bessette: And maybe, John, I'll just jump in because you and I have talked about this. I think -- remember, you're absolutely right, there was going to be a contribution of land. But as Stuart mentioned, as we refined the thinking and thought that having a land lighter balance sheet, a land-light balance sheet or asset-light balance sheet for SpinCo is the better way to go. That was the migration into assets under management for all of the components, not just the multifamily and the single-family rental, which were always going to be assets under management. So, you might remember that we made that transition in the best interest of SpinCo.
