Bruce Gross: Steve, let me take the first one and then I'll turn it over to Stuart. So the soft pivot strategy has also been noted in the land development line as well. In the third quarter of last year, we spent $307 million on land development, and this year's quarter, we've spent $286 million.
Bruce Gross: Yeah, this is Bruce. We continue to look for the right fit within our program. So there are opportunities to look at, some bolt-on acquisitions like we did last year with the Pinnacle deal. That's worked out very well. It's been integrated extremely well. And if we could find other opportunities like that, we'd be very interested. One thing to highlight is that when the refinance market is hot, the margins that we earn on both the purchase and the refi business is above normal type of margin. So we do expect that as refis maybe taper down a little bit, as we go through the latter part of this year, there might be a little bit of margin compression as well. But, again, our folks are looking at continuing to expand the retail presence. We don't have a full national footprint yet, but we're growing it. But we're going to make sure we do it with the right types of programs and the right people.
Bruce Gross: So, October 3rd is the date that TRID is implemented for new applications, and our team has been very focused with the software vendors and with training to make sure it goes as smooth as possible. We think we're in good shape because we're fortunate to have our homebuilding team, our mortgage associates, and our title associates, and our IT associates all working together. We don't control what happens outside of our mortgage company, which is about 20% of the business, but we are as well positioned as we could be. Keep in mind, often when you have some deliveries you might pick up at the very end of the quarter or year, that makes it tougher because of the three-day waiting period if any changes are made. But we're as well-positioned as we could possibly be at this point. Look, TRID is a combination of waiting period and process. And we've been training and operating under a TRID-like environment. So we expect that our operations are going to be well-positioned to handle volume and to have a good smooth year-end closing.
Bruce Gross: Let me take the question on the refi season. So, as you look at actual originations, originations were only 11% of total originations this quarter even though it was up 74% over the last year. But when we look at profitability, we have a high refinance market who end up earning better margins than you would in a normalized market because the purchase business is fighting for more deals. And everybody's busy and has enough activity, you tend to end up with better margins. So the true profitability from refi is a little bit hard to calculate because we're typically – we would typically make somewhere between $2,000 and $3,000 per lot loan. This quarter, we were over $3,300. So we would expect to be back and maybe at $2,500 to $3,000 range as the refinance market cools off a bit.
Bruce Gross: And I would just add to your first question there, we did have a higher percentage of deliveries coming from California this quarter where you have an average sales price. So our land costs also increased as well because, in California, the percentage of the home price relating to land is a little higher. So that 14% is a little bit more weighted higher this quarter because of the product mix.
Stuart Miller: Okay. And to the second question on cash flow, Steve, cash flow has been a central focus of our strategy since we started talking about our soft pivot. We've highlighted to you into the Street that we came out of the downturn with a very, very strong focus on land acquisition at the bottom of the market. Rick and John crafted a strategy that really positioned the company very well. We began off of that a soft pivot towards a shorter duration at the beginning and at the end, shorter tails for the land. And as the market has continued to mature and the competition for land assets has grown, we are very actively determined that we will not chase growth by pursuing tertiary location and low-margin land acquisition. And so we are focused on a combination of slower growth, more orderly growth, sustainable growth, and a focus on bottom-line cash flow and profitability.
Stuart Miller: So, one thing I don't want to do is start equating to the last cycle, because this recovery is very, very different in its composition. We highlighted that there are some interesting and somewhat unique limiting factors. I highlighted land. I highlighted labor and I highlighted mortgage availability. And while land had been constrained in prior cycles, the labor constraint today is a limiting factor that is somewhat different than we've seen in the past and mortgage availability is clearly a very different overlay in this cycle. So, our view and our thinking has been to remain very focused on market conditions as they exist not try to drive our strategy with kind of a – just a reflection on past cycles but instead to adapt to the current market conditions. And we've concluded at an operating level that we're going to pursue land acquisition and growth strategy at levels that the market enables. And each of the professionals in our respective markets across the country, are looking at land acquisition as opportunistic as a primary driver of future margins. And we're just not going to be holding to this simple growth game of hitting a growth metric. So the answer to your question is, that we don't have a specific metric that we're solving to, but we are working within the confines of the existing market condition to strike the balance between orderly, consistent growth, and strong gross margins and especially strong bottom line and cash flow.
Stuart Miller: Well, embedded in your question, I think, is exactly part of the problem. The slow and steady growth has not brought labor back to the housing market, and I think, overall, labor is constrained. So the ability of people to – we're not dealing with the same unemployment issue that we had at the beginning of the recovery, so there's not a large labor force to draw from. It's an increasingly complicated landscape in that we have a shortfall in production that is really revealing itself. You see it most prominently in the rental market right now. Occupancies are very tight, rental rates are moving upward, and we've already seen an acceleration in multifamily production. So the fact is that we're still under-producing normal rates of home production, and the labor market is already very, very tight across the country in all industries, but especially in the home market. So getting to a normalized production rate is going to be difficult, and it's why I say, I think that we have a slow and steady recovery. We're going to continue to attract labor back in. We're going to continue to see unemployment go down, I think, and some pressure on wages, which has a double-edged sword of bringing our costs up but bringing more people to the market to purchase. And over time, with limited supply and growing demand, it seems that there's been a – during this steady increase in the recovery, we're going to continue to see some pressure on pricing – on prices, loan prices as well.
Stuart Miller: Let me let Rick and Jon kind of weigh in on this primarily, but I'll just say that we are – you might have listened to the opening remarks and heard that it is a constrained environment for first time buyers to come in. That remains the case and I meant to say it exactly that way. With that said, our first time buyer product offering and that across the homebuilding industry is increasing, it's mostly out of necessity. People are coming in and finding a way over time to access the mortgage market. And it is altering the landscape somewhat as the first time market does start to come back in, but there's a very, very large pent-up demand both in rental and in for sale for buyers that need to come back in.
Stuart Miller: Yeah. So adding to that is the question my opinion of what risk retention does to the landscape because special servicing combined with B-piece purchasing as a significant part of enabling a [ph] risk (44:16) retention environment. The amount of capital required for that business is going to get bigger. I don't know that M&A is the direction or not the direction that we go, but it opens up a band of opportunity. And frankly, it's the five that's going to have to be absorbed. So, there's tremendous amount of business in that arena that is – that's going to divide – that's going to define the next wave of activity. We're very well positioned for it.
Stuart Miller: We are decidedly more positive relative to that sector, specifically the way that we are doing it, which is a kind of unified community of single-family homes. We think that single-family product is desirable, We think that the leverage, the management leverage associated with a community approach to single family is very attractive and provides management efficiencies. The single family scattered approach I think still has some elements of shortcoming, although the product is very desirable. And we expect to expand on that platform as we go forward, there are still some complications in terms of the financing of those kinds of communities. And really defining what the rental rates are for those communities. But our first experimentation is proving to be very successful. I would add parenthetically, that expanding that platform comes with all of the challenges of accessing the labor market and actually getting the homes built. So we're still in the experimentation phase. We think it's a really unique opportunity that rides right between our for-sale single-family operations and our multifamily rental operations. And we're uniquely qualified to be moving in this direction.
Stuart Miller: So, look, I think that the land market is constrained in lot of levels, not the least of which is the capital constraint. The traditional lending avenues have remained close to the land asset as a basis for opening doors to lending. And so as production is really being forced to expand to normalize, land is behind the eight ball, and the enabling factor – that is, the access to capital – is continuing to constrain the ability to entitle new property. So I think this is a long-term deficit that we're going to see limiting the ability to expand production and to – or to even normalize production, and we think that keeps pressure on home prices to go up and land prices as well. I think that what we've seen is probably a 14% kind of inflation factor for land on an annual basis right now. I don't know, looking ahead, what the right number is in terms of land prices going up, but we're uniquely positioned with a really strong land position to leverage off of. We're able to be more deliberate, careful in our approach to purchasing the next parcel. And as long as we don't try to accelerate growth but instead remain steady, I think that we're really advantaged in our ability to navigate this market. But with that said, in most land markets, you're seeing land prices accelerate because of that scarcity and limited access to capital. And maybe Rick and Jon would like to weigh in on specific region.
Stuart Miller: Given that the market continues the slow and steady recovery, I think we see more of the same with generally the ability on like products be able to increase prices as there isn't enough supply to match demand and to offset those labor costs and land costs. And as was stated, as we – see our mix trend to more of our lower priced product, that will have an overall effect of bringing down our ASP, not necessarily our margin, though.
Stuart Miller: I think we continue to find leverage particularly on the sales component of that as we focus on our online strategy and look to reduce costs there. And then with our – as Rick said, we're well positioned across the country, in the markets that we're in. So as we continue to add community count, I think we'll continue to see some G&A leverage there as well.
Stuart Miller: Well, on the spec for the entry level, we're pretty much build to order and most of our first-time buyer markets, we, as in any community, need some product there for immediate delivery homes. But our spec strategy doesn't really vary by that price point.
Stuart Miller: Well, as I noted in the remarks, the larger builders have been singularly advantaged in the current environment. It's a combination of – and especially in our Everything's included, being able to simplify our product offering is a big advantage for us. But additionally payment schedules, subs are looking for consistent workload with dependable payment schedules, and they have the ability to do a little bit of picking and choosing, and they're definitely aligning with larger, better capitalized builders. As we've navigated the shortage of labor, we have found that we're able to consistently run our operations and deliver without too much of a hiccup. Can that change over time? It certainly can, and there's no way to predict the future. But we're not anticipating that at this point. We feel very comfortable that we're able to leverage our position and keep production machines going at pace.
Stuart Miller: I think about this a lot. I think that you listen to some of the political rhetoric and you – sometimes you just want to go hide under your sheets and not come out, but I think practically speaking, the practical landscape is going to moderate. If you listen to some of the discussion this weekend, it sounds like we're gearing up to accept the whole new group of immigrants from the Middle East. And so there are a lot of offsets and questions embedded in all of this. I think labor shortage and the way that the country has been wired historically – common sense kind of tells me that this is going to even out and we're going to see kind of an orderly approach to immigration. And it won't be a singular kind of negative impact. But you go to extremes and you start to say we're going to support 11 million people, then we have to start to think about that. We'll have to see how it plays out, but I think that common sense says it finds equilibrium and we're going to be okay.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Very good. And listen, I want to thank everybody for joining us and look forward to reporting year-end at the end of our fourth quarter. Thank you.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, this is Rick, I'll talk about Houston. I would say that the Houston market is still overall a pretty decent market. Clearly with the decline in oil, the energy corridor there has been hit which is pretty much the far west side of the market. Now, if you look at that, it hasn't been across all price points. The lower price points, let's say, sub-$300,000, $350,000 are performing pretty well. It's just when you get up in that $350,000-plus, the price point sales has been impacted and have slowed. Those would be the big master plan communities that are on the west side of town. If you look in at Southwest, Northwest Houston, even at higher price points, those have slowed but they're still performing well. So it's price sensitive, geographically focused, but Houston is not one market, it's multiple markets. John, why don't you talk about some of the other [indiscernible].
Richard Beckwitt: Yeah. This is Rick. I think as we move into – in our fourth quarter and into 2016, we should be getting more predictable profitability from the group. One of the things that – something that we can't control is since we've got these investments and partnerships, a lot of times we can't control the sale decision. It's got to be a joint decision, and as a result of that, it may move from one quarter to the other. But as we look at it on an annual basis, we should be profitable from here on out.
Richard Beckwitt: Yeah. It really goes back to 18, 24 months ago when we first started getting questions about our product mix and how were we're going to attack the approach to first time buyer. We strategically gone after a well located easy access communities where people can get to traffic [indiscernible] and we've designed product accordingly that's smaller footprint, lower specification level, a little bit more cookie cutter product that's easier build and more towards the product.
Richard Beckwitt: Yeah. I'm not sure we talked about the individual markets in Texas, about them being softer or flat. Quite contrary, Dallas performed extremely well, have seen sales price increases. But more particularly in that market, we're balancing pace and price because we secure some really trophy assets and want to make sure that we're maximizing the margins in these communities. Austin for us is really just a transitional market from the standpoint of we're moving to recent communities and have a bunch of new communities that are about to open, so you'll see a little bit better performance in Austin. But outside of Easton, Texas markets are performing well. We're seeing big job growth, good wage increases across the board and the state has really positioned itself well to attract employment.
Richard Beckwitt: Yeah. On the acquisition side within the homebuilding space, we continue to see some private companies, some larger regional companies that are available for purchase. We're being very careful because, as Stuart said, we're very focused on the underlying asset values and want to make sure that if we're going to purchase something, if it's not taking us into a new geographic area, that we're purchasing something that's going to produce decent margins. We're fortunately very diversified as a company today, so there's very few geographic areas that would be new markets for us. So as a result of that, given the fact that we've got very strong land acquisition folks spread out across the country, the deal would have to pencil out for us to look at it. On the Rialto side...
Richard Beckwitt: As you would expect, Stephen, is you'll see more acceleration. For example, in Coastal California, some Coastal Florida, you see less acceleration in the center part of the country. Just as you would normally expect and you can follow sales price trends to sort of look forward to see what happened to land markets there.
Jonathan Jaffe: If you look at our different markets, California has seen the most acceleration and our sales pace, as well as growth in ASP. So, today [indiscernible] third quarter, California is representing up to 22% of our total revenues, it's up from 19% last year. With an average sales price of $507,000. Pacific Northwest is also seeing an acceleration in sales pace, as have parts of Florida seeing an acceleration. If you look at the rest of our markets, they are pretty much right around flattish year-over-year.
Jonathan Jaffe: This is Jonathan. In many of our markets, we are addressing this by increased density in our product offering of simple product in some cases attached, in some cases cluster or a higher density product that allows us to achieve a lower price point and make today's land environment work for us to address this first time buyer need.
Jonathan Jaffe: This is Jon. I'll talk to Phoenix and let Rick handle the Texas markets. Phoenix is solidifying, seeing more strength over the earlier parts of the year. As you look at year-over-year, it's up just a little bit because the third quarter last year was decent and really saw a slowdown in the fourth, first quarters. Second was a little bit better and third is noticeably better as well. So, I wouldn't say it's strong again but it feels like it's a solid market today on an improving trend.
Jonathan Jaffe: This is Jon again. I'll just add that you just have to be careful as you talk about any submarket because even within submarkets, there are areas and product types that perform stronger than others, and it's very much a community-by-community analysis.
Jonathan Jaffe: Yeah. The Texas market, you're not going to see as much because land comes on faster and there are some larger developers there. But all this context, Steve, I can go back to what Stuart said at the beginning is while pricing is going up across the board for most of the people out there. We're not really facing as much of a headwind. It gives us the opportunity to be more selective, more opportunistic because we were very aggressive going back to 2009.
Jonathan Jaffe: This is Jon. If you look at it, we've consistently run at a spec level about one to two per community depending on the time of the year and we track pretty well with that. So we don't see any increase or decrease in the way we're operating our day-to-day business.
