Rick Beckwitt: Thanks, Stuart. Let me quickly start by summarizing our results in the second quarter and then Jon and I will update you on the CalAtlantic integration. Net earnings for the quarter totaled $310 million, up 45% from 2017. Our core homebuilding operations really produced. New orders for the quarter totaled 14,440 homes, up 62% from the prior year, with the dollar value of approximately $6 billion, representing a 79% increase. We delivered 12,095 homes in the quarter, which was up 57% from 2017. Revenues in the quarter totaled $5.5 billion, representing a 67% increase. We ended the quarter with a solid sales backlog of 19,622 homes, with a dollar value of $8.6 billion, up 92% and 114% respectively from 2017. Our gross margin, excluding the backlog and construction in progress write-up, totaled 21.6%, which was the top of the range we guided to last quarter. Finally, our SG&A in the quarter was 8.7%. This marks an all-time second quarter low, significantly lower than our prior guidance and highlights the power of our increased geographic scale and our operating leverage. These results were achieved by a lot of hard work from our associates across the country driving our day-to-day business and focused on the CalAtlantic integration. I can’t think of our associates enough for everything they have accomplished. While these numbers demonstrate the success of our integration, let me give you some additional color on where we stand. Operationally, CalAtlantic is fully integrated into Lennar and we are operating as one company. This transition has proceeded smoothly and we are well ahead of schedule. More importantly, we are now realizing the true operating synergies stemming from our new local and national market scale. As I highlighted last quarter, our homebuilding operation has 5 regions and 38 divisions with operations in 49 markets. Prior to the merger, CalAtlantic had 4 regions and 27 divisions, with operations in 43 markets. Two of the CalAtlantic divisions were new markets to Lennar and continue today. The remaining 25 divisions have been combined with the Lennar divisions resulting in significant SG&A savings. Operationally, we have been able to maintain or increase our market share, reduce cycle time and increased absorption, while reducing headcount by approximately 33%. We also eliminated 5 corporate and regional offices, 21 homebuilding division offices, 18 design centers, 24 financial services branches and 1 financial services processing center. The transition from the CalAtlantic design center program to the Everything’s Included program has been impressive and is reducing cycle times and construction cost. Excluding the CalAtlantic closeout communities, 207 communities have been converted to Lennar products, 136 communities have continued with CalAtlantic products, but converted to an Everything’s Included products and the remaining 30 communities are continuing with an option-light CalAtlantic product. Our intense focus on product conversion is really showing its benefits and reduced cycle times. On average, we are saving approximately 30 to 40 days by converting the CalAtlantic product to Lennar product and approximately 25 to 30 days by converting the CalAtlantic design center products to an Everything’s Included product. Jon will highlight the significant cost savings and increased access to trades we are seeing from this conversion. Keep in mind that we are now the number one builder in 20 markets and a top three builder in 32 markets and that our market share in our number one markets range between 21% and 43%, with an average share of approximately 30%. This critical mass will continue to increase our operating leverage. We just are seeing the beginning of our leverage in the last quarter. This market share has significantly increased our access to land. Simply put, landowners and developers are finding that they both want and need us in their community. With this in mind, we have met with many leading developers and third-party capital sources to explore new mutually beneficial structures. On the technology side and the systems side, we are making good progress on our homebuilding system migration and we will be completing two more divisions this week. We are on track to be migrating 2 to 3 divisions each week for the next few months until completed. We have also completed the system migration for our financial services operation and now are currently writing all mortgages out of our Eagle mortgage operation. We are already seeing the benefits of this capture rate from the legacy CalAtlantic communities where we have increased capture rate from 60% to approximately 80% and we feel that there is increased opportunity over the entire platform given our larger scale. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Jon.
Rick Beckwitt: In many cases, we will get more cost savings from those. So, I really want to reiterate that most of the CalAtlantic product that we will be continuing to build in the future will be EI and there will be few communities that have a handful of communities that have a modified or lighter option program similar to what we do in Texas with village builders.
Rick Beckwitt: So, it’s Rick. On the land side, we have an intense focus right now. Jon and I are regional presidents, Stuart we have been all over the country meeting with these key developers to create some pretty interesting structures to increase our activity. What we found is the deals are coming to us right now, because when you have a 20% to 40% market share, you need to be included. And so where there were times in the past, where we had to hunt them down, the hunt is not happening right now. So based on that, what we are trying to do is increase the amount of option business that we can deal, which is a little bit lower margin business, but a higher IRR business and we are engaged in conversations across the country with these leading developers and capital sources to create something that’s special and it’s you will see an increase in our option business that will help our cash position and it’s going to take a little bit of time to do that, but as we move into 2019, you will see some dramatic change.
Rick Beckwitt: Alan, just as a point of reference, my good friend, Stuart, made my screensaver our debt maturity ladder and I am trying to figure out how to change it.
Rick Beckwitt: Stephen, I don’t want to going into a lot of detail, because there is a lot of conversations going on right now and with some developers, capital sources internally within our organization, but our stated objective is to do two things, number one is increase our returns and number two, become more efficient in how we utilize our cash. With that in mind, the natural end result would be to increase in some sort of programmatic structure, our just-in-time ability to close on land. So, those are the touch points that, Stuart, Jon and I are focused on and we are all over it to figure out and create something that gets us those objectives.
Rick Beckwitt: So, let me start, it’s Rick. We are still seeing good solid traffic in our communities. We are still seeing ability by our customers to qualify for homes across all price points. We have not seen a movement to a variable rate product on the mortgage side, which is generally the first sign that there is affordability issues, so while there is a lot of focus in the press on rates going up, we got to keep in mind, as Stuart said in his opening comments, that wage growth is real and it’s happening out there. Confidence is solid. So we put all those things together and look at the headlines we operate our business and the business is strong.
Rick Beckwitt: Look, I think that we are very stay straight with the Street on what our strategy is, we are not trying to send signals or anything else. We made a significant acquisition, strategic combination with CalAtlantic and our first order of business was integration and operations, our second order of business was cash flow and rightsizing our balance sheet. In sequence, we will we will continue to generate cash flow, I have highlighted that we are focused on orderly cash flow from operations, enhancing that cash flow cash flow by reverting to our core business, enhancing that cash flow through land strategy. And as we have excess, then we will articulate what the strategies are for the deployment of capital at that time. So we just want to be straight, we don’t want to send out signals and stuff like that. Our focus right now was on rightsizing the balance sheet and operating this business and I think we are at the top of our game.
Rick Beckwitt: So maybe I will answer that. We were about depending on how you look at 8% to 10% above the prior year pro forma number and the balance of the year based on the pro forma that we gave you in the schedule that we released when we did our last call. Q3 was projected to be up about 12% and Q4 was projected to be up about 7%. And as Stuart said notwithstanding the fact that we sold and delivered more homes in Q2, because we guided to a 3% number, we are maintaining our Q3 and Q4 guidance.
Rick Beckwitt: What I would like to do is I’d like to put a thought on this and come back to it at another time. What we are doing as a company right now is really evaluating what as I said earlier how we can increase returns and maximize cash flow. And so there is a lot of conversations going on that will evolve over the next year. And I would like to really address that when and if that happens.
Rick Beckwitt: So, we don’t really track that kind of information, because the pricing and the price increases happen at the local level on the division by division really community by community basis. But what I will say is you look at the Case-Shiller Index that came out this morning, it was up comfortably year-over-year April over April. I think it’s almost 7%. I think that pricing power, pricing pressure continues to exist as supply is really constrained and demand continues to come to market. I think Jon did a good job of highlighting that demand is strong and even advanced demand relative to the traffic that we are getting on our website is a real good indicator if the traffic continues to build against a really constrained supply.
Rick Beckwitt: But the thing that we are very focused on is when you are doing – when you are involved in construction of about 10,000 apartment homes a year. That gives us additional synergies with regard to cost and maturities. So, it’s core to a large degree and we need to just really focus on the evolution of that business.
Rick Beckwitt: Okay. So, for those who are still with us, I know we went over a little bit in time. We are really pleased with how things are progressing. We look forward to continued success. Just in conclusion, I will say once again, it all comes down to people. We thank the associates of the company, our trade partners, people across our platform, that’s what makes it happen and we look forward to reporting again in third quarter. See you then.
Jon Jaffe: I think seasonal is exactly the right way to describe it, Steve, this is Jon, across the platform. We are seeing the economic environment of strong job growth, good economy and very low inventory supporting demand as you see in your fieldwork. So, we are definitely seeing the seasonal change. We had a strong spring as evidenced by our second quarter results, but we are not seeing anything that causes us to think otherwise.
Jon Jaffe: We talk about the synergy numbers that is from what the marketplace is. So, for example, if lumber went up, but we say $1 a foot and we brought our framing and labor contracts down $0.50, our net might be up $0.50, our synergy is $0.50 if you follow that example. With respect to where we are seeing it, it’s really as I said given a lot of details that come out of ours workshops that deal with perhaps the way a type of lumber for a top plate or the way corner is put together or foundations the way we are working with our framers on some free-cutting of material, panelizing material and putting those panels together, it’s really working across the spectrum of all trades. So, it’s hard to say that it’s all here or there, because you also have geographic differences. So in some markets, we will find we have a bigger opportunity in one category and in another market it will be in a different category.
Jon Jaffe: As I said, Stephen, in my comments we look at an 1,800 square foot plan for a specific submarket for a specific customer type and we had a Lennar plan and a CalAtlantic plan, we look at which is the lower cost plan to produce that also will satisfy the needs of that market. So, it’s very much a, what’s the best plan, which one is the most cost efficient to build, which one has the best cycle plan.
Jon Jaffe: It’s Jon. As I said earlier, we are really seeing because of the economic conditions strength across the platforms, where you have entry level product and pricing, there is this very strong demand where you have a move-up product in 8 locations, there is very strong demand. I think maybe give you a couple of data points to sort of besides what we are seeing that underlies the demand and our view forward that, that demand is still strong is that we see most of our lead generation start on the internet and lennar.com. And in the second quarter, the traffic on lennar.com was up 50% year-over-year to $4.5 million and that turned into leads, which means people ask me for specific information about communities that was up 43% year-over-year to over 170,000 leads for the quarter. So, there is really good clarity that there is strength and demand across the entire platform. And of course you have higher velocity at a lower price point than a move-up product, but in the markets where we have the move-up products we are still seeing exceptional demand.
Stuart Miller: It goes back to some of my opening remarks, Steve. You are still looking at short supply and a growing demand. It’s very hard to put affordable product on the ground and there is short supply of that in the existing market as well. And I think cutting against some of the headwinds, you just have that production deficit in a growing demand from the millennials that are all coming of that age where they are forming families and demand patterns still seem strong, flies in the face of some of the noise that we hear in the press, but there is a lot of confidence and people are still coming out to buy homes.
Stuart Miller: I think in terms of size and scope the answer is yes. I think we leave optionality open to ourselves in terms of how cash will be deployed particularly as we look ahead numerous quarters. But I think that you can see from the numbers posted today, the cash generation is squarely in the middle of our scope. We are paying down debt at an accelerated rate. We are really pleased that we got through this quarter with the ability to pay down as much as we did without refinance and it sets up the rest of the year, which is even more cash generative. So as we go into next year, I think we will have excess cash and again we leave our options open, but we are going to have a very well crafted balance sheet.
Stuart Miller: Well, that’s a lot of questions. And first of all, Steve, I want to say thank you for hearing and listening to what we are talking about in technology, because it’s not easy for everybody to get their head around it and there are some of the elements of our initiatives that are more about our customer interface, others that are more oriented towards the product offering that we have, many have heard and asked about the Amazon relationship and home automation that we have included in and perhaps most importantly, our Wi-Fi certification that we include. So, our technology initiatives are very, very focused on identifying technologies that can alter our landscape. Altering our landscape can mean reducing our own internal SG&A or cost of building homes, some of those are going to be like Open Door. The Open Door technology has enabled us to bring our cost of customer acquisition down and has furthered our initiatives in those arenas. We are working on technologies in and around building construction. Those technologies will help in terms of construction technique and enable a more efficient delivery system and production system and reduce cycle time. We are also working with technologies around the inclusions in our home. Wi-Fi certification is really all about Wi-Fi distribution through the home from wall-to-wall floor-to-ceiling, no dead spots, no speed loss. That’s a big differentiator between the existing home and the new home. The new homes advantage is that we can be enabled for seamless Wi-Fi distribution. We know we can bring the internet to the home, but distributing it through the home is where everybody is running around with their phone looking for that hotspot that works best and we can heat map and engineer our homes to have seamless Wi-Fi distribution that it enables future technologies in an agnostic way. Right now, we are working with Amazon, but we want to be enabled for all platforms. At the end of the day, we believe that our technology initiatives which are not as you know about shiny objects and a lot of hype, they are about execution and building a better mousetrap, they will enable us to drive our costs down both at the SG&A level and at the production level and improve our product offerings to our customer, which will differentiate the new home market from the existing market and I think with our aptitude and drive towards technologies and their inclusions will separate Lennar from other homebuilders. We are very enthusiastic about this and I think the single most important differentiating component of Lennar versus other builders is our ability to disseminate. We have built lines of communication out to our divisions to disseminate new initiatives out to the field and get them adapted and adopted in orderly fashion so that we can reap the benefits of those new technologies and improve our margins, our customer interface, and our product offering.
Stuart Miller: So, Steve, hype would tell us to put out a number that’s exciting and market moving. The reality is that change happens in basis points and 10 basis point increments quarter by quarter and a piece at a time. We have internal targets, but to try to articulate them for the outside world. The road is bumpy and we are respectful. It’s all about execution. And I think directionally you will see improvement in terms of goal setting, I don’t think we want to get out over our skis.
Stuart Miller: We are just so proud of the multifamily programs that has been put together I think that we highlighted or Diane highlighted, $9.5 billion in production. We have a very attractive platform and a core strategy of reverting to core, whether that happens, we certainly have not engaged process at this point, because we still think there is some maturity to be had, but we are openly thinking about how that will evolve and expect after to mature over the next year or so.
