Stuart Miller: Sure. Let me -- before answering the question, I just want a second, Diane’s congratulations to the finance team with David Collins for the year. A lot of hard work goes into getting the year and quarter close. They're doing great job. But let me answer that Susan, the reality that we're seeing in the field as we have come to our year-end, and even as we go into December is the market remains strong. Traditional seasonality is coming back. But still relative to that seasonality, we're seeing basic strength in the marketplace. The constraining factor right now is the production cycle. And we have been decidedly focused on matching our sales pace with that production cycle, recognizing that we're going to maximize execution and bottom line by keeping those two pieces in parity. So, as we think about the upcoming selling season, it is feeling to us as we look at the market, as we look at week by week sales, traffic, demand, it is feeling to us that this is going to be a very, very strong selling season. It is going to be more of a traditional selling season, traditional selling season in that as we get to the end of February, March, we expect to see even more of a pickup. But make no mistake, it's strong out there right now. With that said, the production cycle, as I've noted, the cycle times have been extending through the quarters, we're cognizant of that. We recognize that it's a bit of, as Jon said, whack a mole out there. One day, it's garage doors, another day, it's windows or paint. And that kind of configuration is at least in our world, starting to feel like we're stabilizing it. I noted our purchasing team and the work that they have done around our builder of choice programs, where Everything's Included programs, working to really stabilize that purchasing side and logistics side of our business. And as we go forward, I think, you're going to see that parity that pairing of production cycles stabilizing and high demand in the marketplace, start to move things towards what I think is going to be more of an upside in 2022. And we'll just have to wait and see if it plays out that way. We've clearly conservatized some of our numbers to recognize the landscape that exists today. And we'll see how the market plays out as we go forward.
Stuart Miller: Okay. So look, I think, we've made it clear in the past, and I think our fourth quarter performance relative to share buyback made it even more clear. We're in a cash generation mode. We are clearly generating a lot of excess cash. And we're not shy about opportunistically jumping into the market and making strategic purchases, I think that you can expect that to continue as we go forward. We're laser focused on returns.  We're very focused on bringing our asset base down, as we amp up our bottom line returns. And I think that you've heard that as a strategic message, you're going to see it over and over again in execution. And I think that there's a balance, we're going to pay down debt, we're going to limber up the balance sheet. You can expect that we're going to pay down the debt that's coming due over the summer, what is it $575 million. We're going to pay that out of cash flow, but we're going to continue a stock buyback program as we focus on those bottom line returns.
Stuart Miller: So, we're going to take that in stride and let's play that out over time. I don't want to get out over my skis. Your first question relative to the SpinCo, we have been – look, you have to -- as we've configured SpinCo, we've gone back and forth on an asset-heavier, asset-lighter approach. We think that in terms of defining the company going forward a best program going forward as an asset-light approach to SpinCo. That means that many of the assets that we targeted at the outset, will end up either in AUM or we will liquidate an orderly course on the Lennar books.  It's still the same basic configuration of asset base. We've just been -- it's all been about turning assets into cash, and deploying the cash or deploying the assets, so that we lighten up our inventory and we end up with a spun ancillary business program that enables our pure play focus on homebuilding and financial services. So it's kind of a zero sum game. The asset base is still the same, it's just where the asset is going to fall, is going to fall balance sheet, AUM or liquidation, and all of its going to basically solve through the same equation.
Stuart Miller: Okay. So the answer to question one is, as I noted, we will continue to buy back stock on an opportunistic basis. I don't think there's any flaw in your thinking as to order of magnitude of cash flow, and how we're situated to be able to do that. I don't want to speak specifically about stock buybacks, I don't want to kind of lay out a roadmap, but we're going to do that opportunistically and we have significant cash flow as we look forward. As it relates to number two, the answer is yes, that's the answer that we gave. But basically laid out three buckets, it's either going to be balance sheet for SpinCo, AUM within SpinCo, or liquidation with cash flow enabling greater stock buyback, and that’s how we're focusing on it.
Stuart Miller: So Steve, let me just add to this and say, at the end of the day, the math would indicate just simple math would indicate that you're right. We've pushed some closings from 2021 into ‘22. We've increased starts through the year. And there should be higher closings and opportunities to sell kind of as we go forward. The choppiness of the supply chain really tells us to stay on the conservative side, until we see what the market actually does, and how things actually play out. So if you just sit down and look at the math, I understand your question, it's an excellent question. But if you look at the way the market is playing out, and how cycle times are moving, and the whack a mole kind of environment that we're in, we're just going to let it play out not get over our skis, as Rick says.
Stuart Miller: Let me just say and I'm sorry, Rick, for stepping on you. But let me just say that we are a little bit shy about projecting too much ASP growth. And I think that, it's going to be interesting also to see what happens with interest rates, which I don't know how to factor in either right now. I kind of like, what we're looking at and what we're projecting, I feel pretty good about our ability to accomplish and maybe exceed some of those metrics. Rick, I stepped on you, I apologize.
Stuart Miller: So you're right. I did daylight that the second-half of the year, we expect to see some stabilization in the supply chain. And what we basically daylighted is that it's self-imposed stabilization, meaning we've increased the number of starts in order to be able to accommodate the fact that the cycle time has expanded, deliveries are somewhat impaired. I think the supply chain disruptions, I can't predict what's going to actually happen in the field.  But what we've done is we've put buffers out there in increased starts, our builder of choice program working with our subcontractor base or our building partner base, to activate kind of safeguards and programming to enable a better delivery system and logistics system. And additionally, our Everything's Included program, really reducing the number of skews in our product offering is working to our benefit and helps with our builder of choice program to really create embedded buffers that I think are going to really position us well in the second-half of the year. So, your question is what kind of conservatism have we injected. I think that we're kind of expecting more of a steady state program through the year. We're certainly not getting over our skis and expecting that everything will stabilize, and rise to the level of perfection as we get to the second-half. I can't give you a number in that regard. But conceptually, we've taken a conservative approach to looking to the remainder of the year. But we think that the market is going to stabilize that at least on the supply chain side.
Stuart Miller: Well, look, I think that you have a number of crosscurrents in just the cost side of the equation. Yes, lumber is moderating and we're going to bypass the first quarter’s peak. But at the same time, you have pressures from labor and materials in other areas that are clearly offsets to the benefit that we'll get from the lumber reduction. So, the cost side of the equation is moving around. We'll still have to see where ASP goes. And you're correct, that when you start to normalize our field expense and lumber starts coming down, there's somewhat of a gap in some of our numbers. But we're going to have to see how that gaps filled by the other traditional areas where costs are going up. Don't underestimate what's happening in labor. In a constrained labor market, you got to pay more. And sometimes to get things done, you got to pay a lot more. Same thing on logistics. So that's what's happening in the field right now. You can't predict it. All we can do is lay out our expectations. And that's what we've done.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. So let's leave it there. Thank you, everyone for joining us. We look forward to reporting 2022 quarter by quarter. And we expect a very positive record breaking year from 2022. Thank you.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah. So on the community count, I think, as I said in my remarks, we're really well-positioned right now. Why we'll dip a little bit in Q1, it's really just a timing issue. It's tough to map some of these things out over a 12 or 24-month timeframe. But we will see solid growth in the back-half of this year starting in Q2. And based on our land pipeline, we're pretty comfortable that we'll see continued growth in ‘23. As I said, we increased our overall owned and controlled pipeline land position by 44%, year-over-year. That's a lot of work from our teams. And all of that really increase came from option contracts. So it's remarkable repositioning and change in direction of the ship, all during a time period where we're really driving growth. I'll let Jon talk about start pace, because I think we're pretty comfortable.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah, we could sell another 1,000 homes in the quarter if we wanted to without too much effort, it just doesn't make sense to do that. Jon and Stuart are exactly right. Does it make sense to get over skis, but we're good skiers, the market starts to improve a little bit. And the supply chain normalizes itself out, we'll close more homes. It's just the reality of the situation.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah. And I agree with exactly what Stuart said that there's a good feel in the market. As I walk through the markets, there's market strength in all product categories. We're seeing strength, it's all about getting the homes built, and reducing that cycle time. Sales price, we have good room in sales prices. Some of the ASP is a higher percentage of deliveries in the Texas markets, which are a little bit lower price markets. But we'll see how the year progresses.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, it's a combination of all those things. As we move out to some other markets that are a little bit further out those are generally the lower priced compared to sort of the more infill style. We are adjusting and building a smaller footprint in many of our markets. And, Jon and I constantly balance with the team pace and price. And you'll continue to see good ASP growth.
Rick Beckwitt: We feel very comfortable with what we've done, feeling incredibly comfortable and pleased with the relationships that we've established across the U.S. with just some incredible land folks, regional developers. And that's what's really propelling this, it's given us an opportunity to get involved with some larger communities that are battleship communities that will have multiple price points and products going at various points in time, that have the ability to feed on themselves. I just really couldn't be more pleased with where we are right now.
Jon Jaffe: Yeah, we're very comfortable that we'll be able to look at ‘22 as an increase since starts over ‘21. So that some of that typical seasonality with Q2 being our strongest start quarter. But I think as we look across our platform, we are well-positioned with our relationship with our trade partners to be able to manage a very healthy start pace, and to the extent that we do see more stabilization relative to the supply chain.  I think what you'll see is a tightening of the cycle time more than the increasing start pace. And we're already planning on maintain a very disciplined approach to our start pace. What we'll pull in is the cycle time from the extended periods that we're seeing now.
Jon Jaffe: I think you pretty much covered it. The peak pricing of lumber will hit us in Q1, and then we'll start benefiting from significantly lower prices. And, if you follow what's happening in lumber now, we'll probably see some uptick as we look at lumber purchases in the first, second, second quarters that will impact some the back-half of the year, but likely offset by what we spoke about in terms of very strong spring selling season, which should increase our ASP to offset that.
Jon Jaffe: So, I think Steve, we've just taken a straight shot look at what we know today about our cycle times and projected production. As I said in my response to the prior question, if we do see the stabilization, I think what you'll see is a reduction in our cycle time versus our material pickup in our start pace. And if that does happen, we should lead to a pickup in closings. Relative to sale, this sort of comment, as Rick commented, we see a very strong sales environment. So to the extent that we change our start pace, not a closing pace, but our start pace, we would adjust our sales pace to match that. But as I said, I don't see a lot of upside in terms of increasing start pace. So I would think our sales would remain pretty consistent with the way that we planned them.
Jon Jaffe: And Steve, answer to the first part of your question is yes, Q1 should be the peak lumber prices. And by the end of the quarter, we'll start to see them fall. But overall for the quarter, it'll be up from the fourth quarter.
Jon Jaffe: I think, also, as Rick mentioned earlier, I don't think it's a quarter-to-quarter mix as much as Rick and I and the divisions have been very focused on driving down the price curve as we deal with affordability. So we're consciously trying to produce product that is a smaller, more affordable, as well as a significant focus on picking up our market share in Texas, which does drive better ASP.
