Stuart Miller: Okay, good, Bob. I’m going to turn it over to Rick and to Jon to give a greater detail on the regions.
Stuart Miller: Sure, Steve. The $537 million was just the acquisition. The land development spend was $271 million, and that’s down about $20 million from last year’s first quarter.
Stuart Miller: So, look, we’ve focused on the broader concept of customer acquisition costs and that cost is about 10% of our SG&A. There is a large opportunity to reduce that cost. The first part of that is the migration from conventional to digital marketing. If you think about it, conventional marketing is going to a newspaper ad and basically shot gunning across the white population, a message that might or might not resonate with that population. Using an example, we think first time homebuyers as most likely to decide to purchase a home when they’re getting married or one they’re having children. In a digital platform, we can target our message to people who are looking for wedding dresses or purchasing cribs, that’s a more targeted focused audience and it costs a lot less to target that group. Digital marketing enables a greater penetration to the people that we want to hear our message, less scattered delivery of our message at a much, much lower cost. That’s been driving our marketing and advertising costs down and we’re at the front end of that. There are other benefits that will flow from that as we become more proficient at that form of marketing. And I think that our industry and our company are the front end of really redefining what that cost structure can look like.
Stuart Miller: So changing a group of divisions that operate fairly independently across the country is a little bit complicated. We have – the way that we have kind of focused on rolling out our thinking is, first, we proved concept in one division. We had one division teach a second division to see if the metrics still hold true. And then we basically have used a metric calculation and almost game within the company to create a competition to roll this out across the company. And we’ve seen this program really take hold across our company and start to create a great deal of enthusiasm around not only a focus on migrating from conventional to digital marketing, but really on looking at broader concepts around SG&A as well. So I think we’ve kind of laid what I would call transmission lines throughout the company to really foster change and roll it out across a broad spectrum.
Stuart Miller: Sure. We started talking about ourself pivot and land a couple of years ago. And we started a process think of the homebuilding business more like a cruise ship than a speedboat, there’s a lot of momentum in the direction that we’re headed. It’s hard to turn in short distances. The land acquisition program is that kind of a momentum program. We start negotiating land positions years in advance of actually closing them. Rick has already articulated that our land spend this quarter in large part derived from negotiations and contracts that were entered into two and three years ago. So as we look out towards future quarters, we’re going to see the work the redirection that was put in place two years earlier. So over the next quarters and over the next couple of years, we’ll see our land spend subside as a percentage of total revenues, and we’ll see the impact of that soft pivot. As I articulated, our land today as we focus on land acquisition is generally targeted towards two and three-year duration land purchases. That doesn’t mean where we find a unique opportunity that we won’t buy something larger, we most certainly will, because we’re opportunistic in that way. But it’s going to be priced in a certain way. Generally speaking, you’ll start to see that soft taper be incorporated in the numbers that were reported that’s not the case for this quarter.
Stuart Miller: We haven’t seen any impact from the multifamily side on the for sale side. But Mark there’s just not a lot of inventory to be had and that benefits us as well as the other builders in the market.
Stuart Miller: There’s no question that that there has been movement in a number of segments. Clearly, relative to the empty nesters rethinking their living conditions, there has been some movement in the direction of rental versus homeownership there as well. So we’ve seen that the rental option, the reduction in homeownership rate is something that is broader than just affordability, it reflects also appetites and desires that have evolved since the recession. And we think that some of those trends will continue.
Stuart Miller: I don’t want to get out over my skies and start wrapping timeframes around this. The rollout of a program like this and its adoption is something that gets incorporated, as culture allows change to happen. So we see this as an opportunity, but the 50 basis points is a starting point for us. We think there’s a lot more fuel in that tank around customer acquisition costs, which is a larger broader number in just marketing and advertising. And so I think what I would say at this point to stay tuned, we’ll give further reports on this as it develops. There are other areas of SG&A that we’re also targeting that we think technology, measurement, and focus can bring change in reduction to and I’d say, again, don’t want to get out over our skies that I want to make promises that we can’t live up to. So over the next quarters, we expect to be reporting more on that.
Stuart Miller: Well, Mike I think that the comment was – what I was trying to get across is, look you saw a shock to the financial system and clearly within the Lennar environment, the biggest shock – a shocking ripple through RMF and the capital markets approach through Rialto. But relative to our company, it was relatively minor in scope. Really homebuilding, if you look at it, step back from it, rode through some pretty tumultuous timing in the first quarter, pretty much unscathed. There might have been some pullback in some consumer confidence and we all that kind of on the edge of our seats waiting to see how the spring selling season might present itself. And I think there was a lot of question as questions about recession in the U.S. economy started to kind of gain steam among economists. So I think that what I was trying to express is that it was a shock to the system. There were some impacts to certain parts of our business though they were minor, the homebuilding side really rode through it intact and there was a little bit of anxiety in terms of anticipation about what might evolve and I still think that people are staying tune, because they don’t think that there’s a complete view that we’re out of the word. So we’re going to have to wait and see what that says and see how markets present themselves. I hope I communicated that all right.
Stuart Miller: That’s correct, Mike. We just had some minor shifts between the quarters, as I gave that detail, but otherwise everything else should be the same for the year.
Stuart Miller: And the capital markets ended up taking a lot of the participants out of the market. So there weren’t any buyers there.
Stuart Miller: Just to add some clarity was that we don’t see those same opportunity that Rick described and say Texas, Carolina and Florida, so with more traditional markets to say, Central Valley and Phoenix will be more like our company average 30%, 35% affordable, but in your other markets in the west as I went through them earlier, they really isn’t that opportunity, unless you go way out in tertiary markets and we’re just avoiding that and not chasing that business.
Stuart Miller: Yes, I think Nishu, that’s a good way to wrap up into – to bring it to an end, bring our call to an end. And in that regard, I think that we continue to see fairly strong demand. I think affordability is a looming question as prices have tended to go up. They tend to go up because the supply, we read about it, see it all the time both on existing homes and new homes just fairly tied and the demand as we emerging. It hasn’t emerged, but it’s still emerging and I think that there is a sizable pent-up demand. Your question about move our purchasers in the market were generally still seeing relative strength across the board from first-time buyers all the way through to move up. There are certain markets that are little bit different. The Houston market as we’ve noted has been softer with higher end, the California markets have remained robust. So it’s not a national picture anymore. We have to look at local markets more directly – but we’re still seeing strength. I think the thing to remember for everyone in the back of your mind is that you have to measure affordability against the alternative and the alternative is what is the rental market look like? What is the rental option and was rental rates moving up and more and more people are thinking to kind of stabilize their outflow of capital, our personal capital into their housing cost like purchasing as opposed to renting because on an annual basis, the rental rates are going up. So that that picture is one that continues to define the housing markets today, a production deficit supply is tight, demand is growing, rental rates are going up and the affordability picture is a bit of a question, but I think in the mix that it probably gives way to a strong consistent slowly growing housing market. And with that, I think we’re going to bring it to close and say thank you all for joining us and we look forward to continuing to report on our progress.
Jon Jaffe: Sure. Bob, as you know California is too big to refer to as one market. So as you look at the segments in Southern California, we’re seeing good strength in Orange County, San Diego, and LA, that’s not only supported by our activity, but when you look at our FivePoint master plan communities at the Great Park you’ve seen that same seasonality Rick described, but selling at almost four sales per month per community for the builders at the Great Park. At Valencia, we’re seeing over three sales per month per community. So it shows very good activity in those markets. Northern California, the Bay Area remains very strong, really defined by a shortage of both housing and particularly in Silicon Valley by a shortage of skilled labor in the tech and biotech world. So that continues to feel demand there. And then in Sacramento, we’ve seen a nice recovery where that’s become a strong market. Inland Empire, Central Valley, I described more stable, good markets, healthy, not as robust as Northern and Southern California. And then across the rest of the West, Colorado, Nevada, Arizona, all very stable markets. And then the Pacific Northwest, we can see continued good strength up there again defined by a very strong job demand and very short supply of housing.
Jon Jaffe: Hey, Steve, it’s Jon. For us we’re seeing over 5% of our net sales is coming from our Next Gen platform. We continue to roll it out across more and more of our markets. A good example of that is recently a bigger push in Texas, where we’re seeing a very good receptance of the product as we bring it to market there, continues to sell very strong in some of our markets where affordability is more of a pressure like Arizona, Inland Empire, Central Valley, we see tremendous demand in those markets, Florida, as an example sees very strong demand. So we’re very bullish on the product. Similar to Stuart’s comments, we continue to refine and learn as we go and make sure that we are tweaking that product to meet what we’re hearing back from consumer demand side.
Jon Jaffe: Yes, we’re not really seeing a recovery on the labor picture. I think that we look at it internally from Lennar perspective, or everything is included platform combined with our scale and market share in the markets that we’re in really allow us to manage that very effectively. Everything is included in particular is a very simple program in this environment. It benefits our trades, and it benefits us, particularly as we manage our job side readiness and being prepared for the environment. So that we can manage it on a daily basis by having a simple program. So we’ve seen a very steady environment for us in terms of cycle time, very little increase in cycle time year-over-year. But that doesn’t mean that the labor market is improving any.
Rick Beckwitt: And then if you look at the other big markets we had, Bob, Florida was clearly a – we’re seeing strength there, and the other markets in Texas were up pretty big deal. So in our largest areas, California, Florida, and Texas were doing extremely well.
Rick Beckwitt: So, Bob, this is Rick. I’ll take the margin side of that for the next couple of years. Clearly, we’re continuing to benefit from some of the land that we purchased in the last cycle, going back to 2009, and some of the land that we’re continuing to close, I was put under contract a couple of years back. As we move later in the cycle, it’s going to be more difficult to keep the margins up where they are now. But we are underwriting deals today north of 20% across the Board and we’re being relatively conservative with regard to pricing. So as we look at it, the company has historically done – produced a margin that’s north of 20%. And it’s the balance of fine finished home sites on a retail basis and doing some pivot and doing some land development, where you’ve got some wholesale purchasing.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, Steve, it’s Rick. As I said earlier on the markets, we closed on – probably half of the land that we acquired in the quarter was in Florida. Deals that we’ve been working on for really past a couple of years that just came to fruition now, really excited about the positioning that we acquired. And I think you’ll see as we move through the year, the land spend sot of taper down.
Rick Beckwitt: Okay, so let me just reiterate. In the markets of Texas, Carolina, Atlanta, Florida those areas, we’ve been targeting for the last year. So couple of years to increase our first-time presence by about 10% to 20%. Most of that focus going back a couple of years ago was in securing land positions that were more closer to where people wanted to live in the tertiary areas. And you can do that generally in the markets that we’ve talked about, because there’s still good employment, there’s good transit. As a result of that those positions are going to be higher IRR type of opportunities and lower gross margin opportunities, because you just don’t have the juice in those deals to really get a higher margin. They’re more retail oriented positions that’s not to suggest that we aren’t moving out into a little bit further commute oriented places, but you won’t see us going out – outside of what I would call core markets. Hopefully, that answers your question.
Bruce Gross: And one thing to consider is, we’re focused on two things. We’ve got a race car that’s on the racetrack that is moving through year-after-year, we’re buying land and we’re selling homes. And at the same time off the track, we are refining the engine and we’re tuning it up. What we can measure, we can change is a major focus off the track. We are looking at refining various component parts of our business, I’ve given one example, we have others in our pipeline. And we think that the opportunity to refine SG&A is more significant than what we’ve outlined, but we don’t want to set out pipe dreams that have not been proven yet. So we’re trying to give examples, as we undertake them. But we think that there can be a lot of refinement in SG&A, as we go forward. We’re pretty optimistic about where our net operating margins are going to hold steady.
Bruce Gross: So our balance sheet is getting stronger every quarter, we have profitability reflecting on equity or adding to equity. We have in December a convert that is converting that will be in addition to equity – I’m sorry to November, thanks Bruce. Our balance sheet continues to get stronger just by the operation of our business. In terms of cash flow, as noted in an answer to an earlier question, turning the tide on land acquisition and actually turning to that real cash flow program with a lower growth rate and a soft dividend our last strategy will take some quarters still ahead of us. But with our ancillary businesses at least neutral some of them cash flowing positive, apartment still being somewhat of the cash flow negative. We really think as we get into 2017, we have four to five balance sheet, we continue to recast our business with our soft-pivot. I think that we’re going to see the cash starts to come in. It’s most likely to start to reduce our debt dependence and that’s where our focus will be initially. And then ultimately with excess cash from operations, we will start to buy back stock. But that’s not going to happen in 2016.
Bruce Gross: Mike, this is Bruce. As you look at the cadence of the SG&A improvement, it’s really coming from two main areas. It’s the focus on digital marketing and it’s the operating leverage, because our additional deliveries are coming out of existing divisions other than the one division split that we mentioned. So as you think about that cadence, we’ll have more homebuilding revenue as you get later in the year, so there will be more leverage later in the year. So that’s the way to think about the cadence. The second part of this year is going to have a bigger improvement in SG&A and that’s driven by the increased volume.
Bruce Gross: Well, look, we are investing in technology. So there’s obviously some other costs involved with our focus. But for the most part, you’re looking at similar leverage that you saw in the first quarter and the second-half of the year, as you’re looking year-over-year. And that’s going to be driven by the volume increases. So there isn’t a lot of additional other costs to really think about.
