Jon Jaffe: Well, if you look at the last quarter Ivy, we probably brought around 29 communities during the quarter. Not all of them are open yet in traditional community count but those are basically the deals that we did as a company coast to coast. I think that it's going to depend on the quality of the deal; our underwriting standards are extremely tight today. As we've said in the past we don't incorporate any inflation or underwriting needs to the north of the 20% gross margin and 20% IRR and targeting about a 10% pre-tax. So every deal will be added. I think it will be safe to assume that we're probably going to add another 10% to 15% in '011.
Jon Jaffe: Hi Ivy. It's Jon. We're definitely seeing a difficulty in getting desired buyers qualified through the process. From what we see in the field level this is creating more of a pent up demand. It seems like there is interest in buyers but difficulty getting them actually approved in the closing table. I'd say.
Jon Jaffe: It's really; we're seeing plenty of demand Ivy. As standards have got tighter we're seeing some benefit from improving appraisals as we move across the country and I think you've asked enough of your questions. We can move on. Nice try.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. I think consistent with the prior answers. It's very submarket specific and we are finding opportunities in Houston and then in the West Markets, and particular communities to acquire new assets that meet our underwriting standards of 20% plus gross margin and 20% IRR. So it will be driven by those opportunities as they come up and expect probably about the same level activity but it will just depend on how those markets perform.
Jon Jaffe: This is preseason right now from the standpoint just typically where we sell a lot of homes. I think that December and January will maybe be a more tougher pricing environment, but as the year moves through with the increased traffic, pricing should get a little bit better. But notwithstanding that, we're priced in the marketplace in all of our communities to sell and we're building hundreds at cost structure.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. There's been a focus on several levels in the company that probably the biggest percentage goes to our national purchasing efforts which works hand in hand with our divisions, Carl so that's the combination of the efficient designs, working that at a national level on our item after item, item by item to bring costs down. So those two elements combined are probably the largest portion of it. And then market by market we've introduced really cost engineered efficient designs, as we said easy and quick to build. That probably accounts for I'd say maybe 25% of that cost savings and the majority of it being around the, that national purchasing with the actual design and working with the trades. Stuart Miller Carl, let me just add to that and say, look, a portion of our cost reductions and they've been substantial is the results of a tremendous amount of focus, particularly on Jon's part. It's attributable to working conditions, working the supply chain and the like but there's a sizable portion of these reductions that are structural in nature. We've disentangled the purchase of labor and materials across the board. We've got our hands around specific material costs and we're buying more directly. We have a national purchasing program that has spread consistency across the country for us. So we feel good about the cost reductions as it relates to current market conditions and driving gross margins in current market conditions. But we're perhaps even more optimistic about the permanent portion of those cost savings that will impact our margin positively, as market conditions, even as market conditions recover.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. I would just add to that that we continue to hear from our customers that they really appreciate the ease of the process of purchasing in Everything's Included home and the value associated with that. And as Stuart said we really have for this marketplace designed it so that the packages are affordable and available to every customer, type and desire.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. No we really didn't see it impact the traffic patterns. We didn't see what we sometimes have historically seen where rising rates might cause some people to get off the fence either. It seemed to be a continuation of the existing market conditions, part of that might be just because it occurred during the holiday season and the end of the year where things tend to be a little bit muted in terms of demand anyway but bottom line is we really didn't see an impact one way or the other.
Jon Jaffe: And it's also a way for us to enhance our returns because of the incentives that are built in to the fund in terms of the incentive fees.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. We're very excited about El Toro. It's a great land position in one of the most desirable markets in the country. And with this debt restructuring and partnership restructuring, we really stabilize the capitalization of the project for the next seven plus years, which will give us the ability to monetize the assets. So, as we said today we're really exited about that. Just submitted the next level of maps to the city for entitlement just yesterday. As a result of that restructuring and now we're moving forward.
Bruce Gross: Let me just add Ivy and say that as we look at the communities that we've brought on and the ones that are coming on, all of our new communities are in fact accreted to our gross margin. We're seeing some real positive impact from some of the communities that are being brought on, even though our existing communities are faring pretty well as well.
Bruce Gross: Well let me talk to the gross margin Jon. There was no benefit in the fourth quarter from Chinese Drywall. In the third quarter we had some benefit from recoveries but in this quarter we just reported there was no positive benefit relating to Chinese drywall and the Chinese drywall accruals that we made are adequate and there is opportunity for third party recoveries that we're still working on that could help future quarters but there was not anything in the fourth quarter. And then relative to spec sales compared to another quarter, there really wasn't a significant difference in this quarter compared to past quarters.
Bruce Gross: From a regional standpoint we have the composition of the things that we put under contract has varied quarter to quarter. And from our perspective we're investing the capital where the best opportunities are, not geographic mix, so that means we're doing a deal in Raleigh versus in Denver, that's what we're going to do.
Bruce Gross: Let me just clarify the numbers, Mike. We had estimated in the last quarter conference call that our sales incentives would increase $2,000 to $5,000 per home and the actual increase was $3,100. It was very much within our expectations during the quarter. Our success again in the quarter, as we indicated is the combination of deliveries from new communities with high margins, our focus on controlling costs and then on a year-over-year basis was the reduction in sales incentives with the prior year.
Bruce Gross: I think that within our environment, pricing is a daily function. We stay very, very close to the market at the division and regional level. Our pricing is very reflective of what's happening in the market at a given moment in time. To superimpose kind of a macro view as we look ahead to the spring and the spring selling season, would be getting way ahead of ourselves. It's going to be very micro market specific and while it might roll up to an overall trend, I'm not so sure that the trend will be reflective of anything important. It's micro market by micro market pricing everyday and every week, it's discussions between the sales group, the division president, and regional president. We're very focused on pricing and keeping it reflective of the existing market condition.
Stuart Miller: Listen I (inaudible) many times. I think it's hard to look past just the months that are ahead of us in the market like this and I think there' some mixed signals out there. We can, as we project and as we look forward we're not anticipating improvement but with that said we are seeing some indicators of some stabilization in the marketplace. That's not to suggest that it is stabilizing and will start to recover because I just don't know. But the indicators that we're seeing and we just had our division presidents meeting that we do on a quarterly basis and in almost every single market, the indicator from the field is that the MLS listings are down. The backlog of foreclosures as indicated by delinquency rates seems to be trending down and these would be good signs for future improvement or at least stabilization. As we're looking at our performance for 2011, we're not anticipating improvement in the marketplace. We think that we can remain profitable with solid gross margins. That doesn't mean they won't be somewhat challenged, if market conditions remain challenging. But we think that we're going to be able to maintain our current profitability through 2011 even at current levels and that's what we've designed our company position to be able to do, is to remain profitable in these conditions even with some negative bias and to really be able to leverage that overhead as we go forward. Let me just say parenthetically that as market positions continue to remain stagnant, this all goes in favor of our Rialto program and affords us even more opportunity to invest in distressed and leverage that operation. So we think that we have a balanced and intelligent program that's positioned for profitability even at current levels with a negative bias and we think any improvement in the marketplace really works well for us.
Stuart Miller: Yes as I've noted many times we are very sub market specific, Micro market and it's really a question of where we'd find a sub market that are outperforming the norm. That's where we're investing capital. It can be in California. It can be in Raleigh or Florida. It's more about the sub market.
Stuart Miller: Yes. Of the $84 million that we spent Carl on home sites, it was actually 2,500 home sites that we purchased and just a small number, a little less than 10% of that, the purchases came through relationships with Rialto.
Stuart Miller: Look, we've always felt that a solid Everything's Included program with a lot of concentration on including options and upgrades that are the primary focus of our customers is the best way to drive value and to keep overhead low. And that's what our Everything's Included program has done. I guess modifications that we've made to the program; it's kind of an interesting dynamic here. There's somewhat of a tug between Jon and Rick. Jon (inaudible) has done everything included and Rick some modification for today's current environment. We have created some spec level packages that enable our customers to kind of broadly change the spec level of their home in many of our communities. But by and large we have maintained a very low overhead structure in appealing to our customers on an Everything's Included basis while affording them the opportunity to alter the spec level of their home in a packaged format. It just keeps our program very efficient and simple to operate.
Stuart Miller: It doesn't change my expectations. As we've said all along, the auditors but I don't think one quarter because of low volume where we have positive operating margins will be a change to the trend that we are on to be able to reverse the BTA reserve.
Stuart Miller: And more importantly our production pace, our start pace is really geared towards the current traffic that we're seeing today. But to the extent that traffic picks up with our rebound of buyers to the market then we'll modestly increase our production pace. But it really shouldn't have that dramatic of an effect on pricing.
Stuart Miller: Steve, I think as we went into, as came out of the third quarter and went into the fourth, we recognized that we were going into the real soft spot of the year. And we could really see that the trend was negative and was somewhat mired in a combination of market trend and the seasonality that is overall generally negative. We're now coming out of the fourth quarter and into the first and I think that we're less pessimistic and I wouldn't paint an optimistic picture but I would say that the market condition is what it is. We're not going into the negative but instead to the positive side of seasonality and we'd like to wait and see how the market presents itself. We're certainly not anticipating moves upwards. We generally have a negative bias but we're not anticipating right now further erosion of gross margin or further incentive programs.
Stuart Miller: Steve, as far as land span. If you were just to look at the land that came out through (inaudible). It's been in the $500 to $600 million that's been coming out and we expect that to increase as we find opportunities next year. So we'll be north of that $500 to $600 million mark that came out of deliveries that year and depending on what gross rate we find and that's dependent on market conditions, that number or how we'll go from there but our balance sheet is liquid. We're focusing on a lot of interesting opportunities and if we could bring those to conclusion, then we'll grow beyond what's coming out of sales.
Stuart Miller: Yes, on the deferred, every quarter there's some items that aren't expected one way or the other. We didn't expect, if you add up all the charges, there was $27 million of impairments between Homebuilding, some right off of the deposits and the like. So as you look at the $13 million of land sale profit, there were some other charges that were right off of deposits and the like. I look at that whole group as something we don't project. So the deferred revenue for that one particular item doesn't recur and I would hope some of the charges that we took this quarter don't recur either.
Stuart Miller: Let me add. We've seen increased activity in terms of the availability of products in the marketplace and bids and negotiations to buy assets. We think that the timing of closing our funds is particularly opportune. The additional capital to be invested in a distressed market will be welcomed with a good deal flow. We're currently underwriting literally billions of dollars of additional asset purchases, which we've incorporated in a very disciplined program of underwriting and bidding and negotiating for prices that we're comfortable with. We're very comfortable that we'll be able to fill the bucket continuing going forward. As it relates to the CNBS market we've most certainly put our toe back in the water, relative to CNBS. It has been reported we have noted that we have bought a couple of unrated deals. This again is an area that we are very comfortable with and we've developed tremendous expertise through the 90's and 2000's building a business. It is directly related to the primary Rialto business. Right now the amount of money that we're committing to that business is very limited and it is again, invested dollars that will produce outside returns.
Stuart Miller: Well, we recognized that the capital would limited for an opportunity set that was very large and would continue, at least through the next year to present itself as an arena in which we'd want to invest and could produce exciting returns. So we felt that it was a good time for us to access the private capital markets to augment the dollars that Lennar would be investing. The dollars that we have invested to date, Lennar's dollars will remain as Lennar's investments. It is new investments that will be invested through the funds. As noted, Lennar is invested in the fund and we'll have the opportunity to co invest as we go forward. We think that the fund gives us the maximum in flexibility in terms of being able to invest in Lennar's capital and being able to deploy Lennar's and Rialto's machine to be able to continue to produce outsized returns.
Stuart Miller: Let me add to that and say that the El Toro restructuring, somewhat similar to the new (inaudible) restructuring. It really positions the company well to be invested in a strategic asset in a long-term excellent market. These restructurings have come with some pain. In 2010, Jon added five years to his age and the restructuring take a tremendous amount of time and energy. Welcome to (inaudible) it now done and complete we are positioned to be invested in and involved in a really important strategic asset in Southern California. And we're really enthusiastic about that. I think that similarly many of our joint ventures have been and continue to be restructured and will ultimately benefit the company going forward. Over the past five years we have taken a lot of pain on some of these ventures. As we come out of 2010 we are getting better and better positioned to reap some benefits from some of those deals as we go forward.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Well listen, thank you everyone for joining us for our 2010 update. The year has been a solid year of repositioning of the company. We're not only positioned for profitability as we look ahead but more importantly we are positioned for operating leverage as the market ultimately finds a bottom and begins to recover. Thank you for joining us.
