Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. As Stuart mentioned in his opening remarks, Rialto is beginning to hit its stride and demonstrate its earnings capacity. Before Bruce reviews the details behind Rialto's $8 million of operating earnings along with the results of the rest of the company, there are a few areas that might be helpful to touch on to give you a little bit more perspective on what's going on at Rialto.  With the backdrop of uncertainty in Europe, we've nonetheless continued to see what amounts to positive dynamics for the new deal flow in the markets in which we operate. U.S. banks are still under pressure to sell real estate assets, and the prospected foreign banks will also be shedding assets since added further downward pressure on the pricing of many opportunities especially where we believe we continue to have a competitive advantage. Therefore, the opportunity to purchase both real estate back loans and securities is as strong, if not stronger than ever. And we remain focused on evaluating. And if we can continue to price advantageously acquiring distressed portfolios, commercial mortgage-backed securities and other related assets through our current exclusive investment vehicle, the Rialto Real Estate Fund.  As Stuart mentioned, during the quarter the fund had its final closing of equity commitments, bringing the total to $700 million, including the $75 million commitment from us and from over 2 dozen different investor groups. The fund has now been able to acquire or tie up a total of 28 different negotiated transactions, and our pipeline of new potential investments remains strong. This has resulted in the investment of a little over $500 million of fund equity to acquire almost $1.5 billion of assets based on unpaid principal balance, for about $0.37 on the dollar. And now with about $200 million of equity remaining to be called, we're currently focusing on bringing out our next investment fund. We believe these in future vehicles will not only help to enhance the company's returns and add consistent cash flows back to corporate, but will also be important building blocks for us to develop a first-class Investment Management business.  Almost 75% of our fund investments so far have been distressed portfolios from regional and community banks, CMBS special servicers and non-bank financial institutions. The remaining investments are in new issue CMBS securities with strong current cash flows, where we have found risk-adjusted pricing dynamics unlike any we have seen since the early days of that business dating back to the mid-1990s.  Our focused Rialto team of 180 strong continues to push the resolution process forward, enhanced by the well-coordinated resources of the rest of the Lennar team. Being able to integrate the unique talents of a leading nationwide residential developer and homebuilder has been and continues to be a unique advantage for us. And in turn, as part of this active collaboration led by Eric Feder who oversees our bank relationships, the Homebuilding divisions have been able to continue to capture distressed opportunities from the same institutions we have been working with on the portfolios. As you have heard, this is providing a great mechanism to generate new communities for homebuilding at extremely attractive pricing.  Since we began investing in distressed assets, at the end of the first quarter of 2010 we have, as of now, collected gross over $550 million of cash, including over $120 million from the sales of real estate owned. Included as part of this, the FDIC transaction partnerships now hold over $320 million of cash on their balance sheets, including approximately $260 million earmarked to defease the $627 million of FDIC seller financing.  Market uncertainty has been responsible for keeping us from having one of our most profitable quarters yet as a result of the $7.6 million unrealized loss related to our share of the mark-to-market on our PPIP fund. And for the year these marks have aggregated $21.4 million. However, these marks as required by U.S. Treasury, we believe, reflect more of the general sentiment in the marketplace related to the potential need for European banks to liquidate fixed income assets. We have not changed our view of the resilient underlying cash flows that we used to underwrite and price our PPIP investments. In fact, our PPIP fund has been actively looking to acquire additional securities. And to date, exclusive of the marks, we've already recognized approximately $23 million in interest income and fees related to our $68 million investment in and management of the fund.  So these are just a few of the reasons we remain very excited about the continued progress of our Rialto franchise, our current position in the marketplace and the synergies with the rest of the Lennar team.  Thank you, and I'll turn it over to Bruce.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: Okay. The new orders in the quarter, we indicated about 44% were coming from the new communities. But we've seen most of that success, and I think Jon got into this a bit, coming from more of the new communities that we've been opening. But it's really been throughout the quarter, a success throughout the country. It hasn't been one market that we've experienced the success.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: Yes. I mean, that was the plan, Stephen. When we buy them, we really look to what the cash flows look like over the life. And clearly, if there's an opportunity over the life to sell them and to maximize value at some point between now and that maturity, we would do it. But that's really -- when we went into it that was how we looked at it. And by the way, with that said, it's why -- we're not big on recasting our numbers, but we think it's important to look at the Rialto earnings machine without the PPIP either contribution or detraction because it's a clearer picture of what's really happening in Rialto.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: Well, it depends on the volume that we're going to see. So you're talking about the SG&A line, it's really dependent on the volume, Bob, that we're going to accomplish and how many new communities that we're going to be opening up.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: Yes. We haven't given any numbers. You note the last 2 quarters, if you strip out the PPIP, we're around $15 million. But we haven't given any projections because the timing of some of the sales and collections from the borrowers doesn't necessarily come in where you could schedule it perfectly. So we'll have to wait and see. We haven't actually given a number out yet, Bob.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes. When we talk about data, data gets a little bit convoluted. What we specifically did, Ivy, is we went out and looked at the competitive landscape relative to communities in specific markets. And we actually put together a little presentation on it that we've shared in some of our presentations and we'll probably continue to. And we've looked at the fully loaded cost of homeownership as compared with the rental rates that are in a competitive radius of communities where we are actively selling. So this is real information from real markets where we're competing. Now if you were to broaden the thought -- the radius, if you were to expand the radius, you might find that the data doesn't hold up. But in a real competitive environment at a local level, we're finding that there are 2 things at work. Number one is a value proposition, where fully loaded cost of homeownership is at or lower, and generally lower than the competitive rental communities. And then perhaps more importantly, in the more desirable areas rental prices, which reprice every 12 months, have been trending upward, anywhere from 5% to 15% on selected markets, and it is a combination of the value proposition and the notion that the cost of living expenses are going to go up, are going up and are going to continue to go up that are driving people to say, I've got to lock this expense down or it can run away from me. It is reducing my personal disposable income when wages are not rising. And so it's driving more traffic to our sales centers.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay, yes. That's a good clarification, so we won't count it as your follow-up. But we actually decidedly did not include the mortgage interest deduction because of all of the discussion out there that it could be, might be vulnerable. We wanted to take a more pure look as a consumer might look at it. Any time there's a question mark, it might be discounted. Even without the mortgage interest deduction, the comparison is favorable in many communities across the country, ownership versus renting.
Stuart A. Miller: Well look, I think I want to be careful not to be guided by your question. But I think that the mortgage market under all circumstances right now is choppy, and the process for mortgage approval is somewhat limiting. There are many people who don't have the qualifications. Some of the -- many of the people that don't have the qualifications are burning off the needed years between a short sale or a bankruptcy or a foreclosure to get to the point where they're allowed to get back into the mortgage market. Some of them are regenerating a good credit score. Some of them are accumulating a down payment. The qualification side of the mortgage market is difficult, it's choppy and it is somewhat limited today, but we are living in a dynamic world where that's changing. At the same time, the process has become intensely cumbersome. The request for documentation seems to be never ending. And the process, together with the qualifications, are the result of an overcorrection. That overcorrection, in my opinion, is going to find a way to burn off, that is the overcorrection is going to find a way to burn off over time. But as with any pendulum swing, it takes some time for the pendulum to find its equilibrium, and I believe it will. So with demand coming to the market in an increased measure and with the mortgage qualification market and process being somewhat stringent and limiting, I think the 2 will work together, increased demand and mortgage market reaching equilibrium. And over time, we're going to see demand really start to peak up. Now whether that's in 2012 or whether it takes more time for the markets to settle and stuff, it's yet to be seen and I don't want to opine on that. But I think that over time, we're going to see demand push through the stringency of the mortgage market.
Stuart A. Miller: Well let me say this, Mike. We've given a range, and I think that that's where we're comfortable right now. There are moving parts, and we are rounding the corner to come into our first quarter. Our first quarter is always lighter volume. We have lower expectations for our first quarter, and we want to make sure that we keep everybody's perspective properly focused on the short-term and the longer-term year-end. So we are giving a range. We did throw out a couple of numbers, and I want to make sure that they're clear. 44% of our new orders came from new communities and 41% of our deliveries came from new communities. So you can see that we have a -- kind of a trend wise, new communities are increasing their representation in the flow or in the composition of our gross margin. But we recognize that our first quarter is likely to be a little bit lighter. So where will we be within that range? We're going to wait and see what the composition brings to us. But we do feel comfortable number one, with the range we put out there; and number 2, with the fact that we did bring the range up by about 50 bps.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, there have -- I think that there's been more than just the discussion of the government buy-to-rent program. There's also been part 2.0 that's been out there. The most important thing to think about is the fact that the government is recognizing that stability in the housing market is important, and it's important to refocus the attention on how we enable the housing market to recover. And I think that portends good things for housing in general. Certainly, redeploying some of the idle inventory to the rental market will be helpful. It will bring less supply on the for-sale market and will enable the for-sale market to absorb the overhang of foreclosures more rapidly. It will deploy those assets into much needed rental housing. And anything that the government can do to enable the borrowing -- the borrowers out there to decide not to strategically default will help the foreclosure market begin to resolve itself as well. So our thoughts are that together with fundamental demand coming back, anything that reduces the amount of supply of foreclosure homes on the market is going to be a benefit. And the government is certainly thinking and working in that direction.
Stuart A. Miller: Well look, incentives are a funny thing. On a more normalized level -- let me go back to really normalized market conditions, you're in the 5% to 10% range. And incentives are in part a composition of sale price. It's kind of a tricky thing to figure out where things actually lie. The fact is that the market is stabilizing, and the first place that we're going to see sales price regenerate itself is with the incentives. And certainly, that is stabilizing and coming down a little bit and contributing to our margins.
Stuart A. Miller: Well Stephen, I have a perspective that the market is stabilizing. It's going to take some recovery for the incentives to really back off. On the one hand, I think that I feel cautiously optimistic about what is happening with the market right now and into 2012, but I don't want to get ahead of this market. It's been choppy and rocky. And so I'd say we're going to wait and see. We're going to carefully manage our business and manage the process. I can tell you that Rick and Jon are looking at incentives and sales prices every single day with every division, and that is being managed week-by-week in the field. So to the extent that the market allows it, we're going to be right on it and make sure that incentives are coming down.
Stuart A. Miller: Well Stephen, it's important to look right now at -- we're at a -- an interesting point, if we look back at the year 2011, we're really flat with 2010. So there's really not any real operational leverage that has been liberated at this point. As I noted in my comments, our posture has been to navigate the toughest part of this market as it looks for a recovery and to remain marginally profitable as we stay patient. And so the operational leverage that we and other builders have talked about has not yet presented itself. The movement from 1 to 1.5 to 2 sales to 4 sales per community per month will present itself and present itself, I think, very decidedly when we start to see real recovery in the marketplace. And we're just not quite there yet. So looking back at 2011, we're kind of flat. As we start to see volumes jump up, those volumes should have an embedded operational leverage in them.
Stuart A. Miller: Seven. Okay. So you have a sizable group of people across the country that have gone through a short sale process or foreclosure that are starting to come around the corner and reenter the market. And even if they're not actually in the market or the time hasn't quite lapsed, they are preparing to look at getting back in the market. They are preparing their credit and their down payment because they don't want to be vulnerable to the 12-month repricing that you get in the rental world. And that is what we're seeing out there, and they are active participants.
Stuart A. Miller: And with that said, I don't want to diminish the fact that we are seeing -- and I think that we've highlighted for you that we're starting to see real strength in earnings from the Rialto machine. And we look forward to good performance as we go forward.
Stuart A. Miller: Well as I've noted, the foreclosure world, when looked at in a somewhat broader perspective, gets clouded by good markets, the best markets, good markets and not such good markets. And in the markets where we are targeting and where we are making our purchases, and I think Rick did a good job of highlighting our strategy that is decidedly away from areas where there are foreclosures to be had, our markets are generally focused on areas where the foreclosure and even the delinquency backlog had basically been absorbed because they are the more desirable areas to be purchasing. And so even where -- you might think that foreclosures have not yet been completely resolved. In order for a home to get to a foreclosure, it's got to either not be salable at a price that can be realized or properly pay off the mortgage, or at a price where a bank won't accept the short sale. In the more desirable areas, short sales are taking place to -- as an intervention method before you get to a foreclosure. So in those markets, you've seen a lot of clearing, and we think the overhang is not nearly as severe.  Okay. Well, we appreciate everybody's attention on our 2011 review. We look forward to giving you more color as we go forward into 2012. Thanks for your attention.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon. I would also add that seeing surveys, I don't know exactly the group survey, but in realty publications that consistently state that a very high percentage, around 70% of renters do look at homeownership in their future. And I would also just add anecdotally in select markets, I've heard from apartment owners the increasing number of the churn over going to homeownership versus other rentals.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: It varies slightly from market to market. But we are, I think in general, seeing traffic increase at a faster rate. But I said earlier that the biggest difference we're seeing is in a greater desire to make the buying decision as compared to prior periods in the year.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: A little more color. I think that the areas where we saw the greatest improvement in sales from new communities, as we mentioned, was Southeast Florida, but also in central Florida and the Raleigh area, as an example. In Dallas-Fort Worth and then Texas, we saw that pickup. And Orange County, California, in Colorado, markets like that we had dramatic increases and our activity in our new communities year-over-year.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Yes. As I mentioned, there have been impacts from certain materials or commodities. The most recent example of that, I think everyone is aware of, is drywall where there's been increases. We focus on both maintaining our cost on a material, focus item-by-item, but also on the process. And as I said, really managing the opportunities to find at a very detailed level the value and what's happening out in the field, what's happening within our cost codes item-by-item and really driving efficiencies in that regard. So it's a constant battle of managing the fluctuations in the material and commodity market with what we can do operationally to offset that and maintain a low-cost.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon. I would add, too, that the foreclosure environment is still out there and we compete against it. And how we position our product with incentives, without incentives, as we compete to show the new home has a value, is going to continue to sort of affect what you see in terms of incentive levels. So Stuart said you've got to be really careful and you analyze it between both sales price and incentives and how you're positioning value.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Just for clarity, this is Jon, that site and our social media effort focuses on renters who also didn't go through that distress but either made the active choice to rent for a period of time or just have credit issues that don't necessarily derive out of the short sale or foreclosure but just have to deal with their particular debt situation, or the situation just needing to save for down payments. So we're trying to communicate and reach out in an effective way to people who are interested in homeownership, and we help and guide them how to get there.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon. As Stuart said earlier, I think we're going to have to wait and see what the trend delivers to us and how sales volume materializes. If we do see increased absorptions, we would expect that trend to continue. But if we see a leveling off, then you'd expect flatness. And that really is a result of that level of activity.
Bruce E. Gross: As we announced in a press release on the Pacific Northwest, we brought in some additional communities in the Seattle area. So you'll see some community count growth as those start to build out through the year. Most of those opportunities were really land or option contracts that we got to get going in. The Seattle market's a little bit unique. They're smaller communities from an overall size standpoint, so their overall contributions as a whole will be somewhat less. But with regard to the overall year, you'll see it more in the back end half of the year and it's going to be skewed somewhat by what the opportunities are out there.
Bruce E. Gross: Steve, we're managing the business to a net price across the line or below the line. In a more normalized market, it's closing costs. We're not at that juncture right now. But as the market recovers, that's the direction that we're going to take it. It will take us a while to get there.
Bruce E. Gross: It's really been across the entire universe of the product line. We've seen increased traffic at the entry-level, first-time buyer. We've seen a pick up clearly in that mid-market, and some of our higher-end product has been performing pretty well. Stuart talked a little bit earlier about this value proposition change between the rental world and the for-sale world, and we've seen some evidence that is beyond the surveys. In our traditional marketing approaches, we do eBlaster emails targeted at the rental world with door flyers. And when we do that, we see traffic coming because people are understanding that the overall ownership equation versus the rental equation pencils out. So it's really across the price for a second.
Bruce E. Gross: As we said, we're really managing towards a net price depending on the product, the division, the market, the community. Each one of these -- each one of our homes are incentivized to sell in order to maximize margin. We gave a little bit of color with regard to what our go-forward margin expectations in there. To some degree, our price expectations on sales prices are reflected in that increased range.
Robert C. Wetenhall: Your ASPs are up $5,000 and your incentives are up only $200 year-over-year. This is obviously a very favorable trend, and I just wanted to see if you think this trend is expected to accelerate as you move into the spring selling season.
Robert C. Wetenhall: Got it. And if I could sneak one in, would it be reasonable to look for Rialto to, given the attractive backlog you have, to contribute somewhere north of $50 million next year? Is that a reasonable number to use? Trying to understand how much visibility you guys have into that.
Robert C. Wetenhall: But at the bare minimum, this -- the trends you're seeing now with Rialto, it looks like it's sustainable into next year.
