Richard Beckwitt - President: Hi, Bob. It's Rick, Rick Beckwitt. We're still continuing to balance price and pace specifically in a couple of markets where demand is really strong and we've got excellent land positions. As you look at the pricing increase year-over-year, a component of that was mix. We had a higher level of deliveries coming from California, some of it was just pure price increase so it's a balance.
Richard Beckwitt - President: Okay, this is Rick. First, let's talk about Houston because I know it's in everybody's thoughts right now. I'd tell you that across the board, we had good traffic in all price points. Definitely stronger traffic and absorption at the sub $350,000 price point; real, real strong between $200,000 and $300,000. As you got above the $400,000, $500,000 price point, it's slowing down. Traffic is still strong. The buyers there are just more cautious in pulling the trigger on the sales side. But we really think that the Houston market is a strong market. We decided not to chase prices down and focus more on gross margin in Houston. We're very positive on the Houston market. With regard to Southeast Florida, that really is just the timing of communities. If you look at the average sales price, it was up 9% year-over-year in the market that we chose to focus more on pricing power there as opposed to sales absorptions.
Richard Beckwitt - President: Mike, I go back to the scene that I have advanced pretty much quarter-after-quarter. And now for the past few years, and that is that we're operating in this kind of narrow channel of improvement that's defined by a production deficit across the country and constrained mortgage availability. So, you have demand pushing up, you've got constraint pushing down, and all of this is happening with inventories very, very tight across the country, both on the existing and the new home and the rental side of the equation. So the market condition generally has been choppy. It's been moving inside the channel, a little bit up, a little bit down and you're seeing some of that. And of course, as you go through the first quarter, you've seen some rather severe weather conditions in a number of parts of country that have really limited the ability of buyers to get out of their home and go look for a home if they're even inclined to. And you've not just seen that in the Northeast where it's been kind of most aggressively articulated. It's in Dallas. It's been in Atlanta. We've had weather conditions in a number of places across the country. So even in the context of some constraining weather conditions, the market is still presenting itself and early signs of the spring are showing themselves to be steady improvement in the marketplace continuing along that trajectory of an improving, recovering housing market constrained by the mortgage market, limited inventories and still primarily defined by a production deficit that has been growing over the years that is pushing where pent-up demand is pushing production upward. We think this is a terrific tailwind for the industry and as we look ahead to the spring selling season, we're going to be balancing price and pace as we have done in a very methodical way. I think most builders will be doing the same. And while the market might move up, might move down a little bit, we see steady improvement.
Richard Beckwitt - President: Some of it's going to be – it's really dependent on when we can get the big communities open. We went through some rather large, high productive communities last year, and we've got similar battleships opening this year throughout Southeast Florida. Unfortunately, right now there, we're getting the models open, getting the monuments, the entries opened, and it's going to be probably a couple of quarters until that pace picks back up. But as we move into 2016, you'll see a lot of activity coming from Southeast Florida. It will still be a really good year, high margins, just a little bit on the flat side for the year.
Richard Beckwitt - President: A lot of times when you have a bunch of builders in a market where there's a lot – there's headline oil everyday in the paper, some of the smaller, less capitalized builders get nervous with regard to what they do with inventory. We've taken the position that we've got great quality assets in the right locations, so there's no reason to adjust pricing just because other builders that maybe in tertiary areas are bringing their prices down. So we've just chosen to focus more on margin than on pace.
Richard Beckwitt - President: That smoke should clear out at some point. And actually, we view it long term – medium term as an advantage for us because we're starting to see some of the land parcels that were under contract by other folks come back to the market or people walking away from deals. And as Stuart had said in the past, a lot of times distress or perceived distress is where we really excel.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Well, as you would expect in our first quarter, we saw sequentially for the months order pace improve as you move from December, January into February. And then as we've been saying, it's really submarket by submarket "saw" the strongest absorption improvements in the coastal markets, particularly places like California, parts of Florida up into the Carolinas, which is what we expect as we've seen looking backwards in this recovery as the coastal market seem to be outperforming from an absorption standpoint.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Thanks, Stuart. We're very excited where FivePoint is positioned right now. Most of the activity is occurring at El Toro in Orange County. We reported sales have gone extremely well in the first phase which is virtually sold out now. We reported closing to builders of most of the villages in the second phase in our first quarter. The last two villages, we expect to close this quarter with the builders starting their models and production this quarter and a grand opening sometime mid-summer. We also just closed at the beginning of this quarter commercial transaction with Broadcom that we're very excited about bringing a commercial component on into El Toro. And we expect the next major section of El Toro to come to market at the end of the year, probably will fall into our first quarter for fiscal 2016. And activity continues to go very strongly up in San Francisco at Hunters Point, the shipyard. We're sold out of our first buildings there, first 88 homes and we'll be releasing our next homes in the coming couple months and continue to start more construction at that site, as well as we announced our large joint venture with Macerich to develop a large retail mall there, which has spurred a lot of interest from other commercial players in our activity there. And we did commence deconstruction of Candlestick Park this quarter and we'll have that completed by next quarter.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: ...there are really no difficulties in bringing those online. We've been making sure that we're on top of keeping entitlements in place, land ready to go. So as the market recovers, they're in existing divisions. We're able to, we've got product in our portfolio and able to methodically bring those online.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Consistent with the marketplace. Sometimes they're in B and C locations, sometimes a little bit better just depending on when they were acquired. We held on to mostly our better locations as we went through the liquidation of many of those assets in the downturn, particularly with our large transaction. So we're finding that they perform fairly consistently with other communities in those areas, and we're not experiencing any activity that are really in far outreaching areas. So I don't have any color on something that would be in a true tertiary market.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: From our vantage point, we're achieving success on one hand with manufacturers and then having headwinds on another side of the equation. The success has been with the drop in copper cost, steel cost that flow through the manufacturers. What's really been offsetting that is some new regulation that's occurred, particularly on the environmental front. So for example, the Department of Energy passed new regulation at the end of last year that require side-by-side refrigerator freezers to be 25% more efficient. So that requires them to use more the material in making the product. So we end up with an offset. We're really not seeing any cost savings, but we are seeing not the same increase what we would have seen just been their compliance with the new regulation. Seen the same thing with HVAC, windows, water heaters all subject to new regulation. So, we are – it's a daily focus for us. We work with the national manufacturers, with local suppliers, local trades to find every opportunity. Now, when you look at as a percentage of what we – of our build cost, copper, steel are not that bigger percentage. Lumber, which is a bigger percentage, we have seen that come down recently and do expect to see some benefit from that in our second, third and fourth quarters. But again, you have other cost such as concrete and drywall that continue to have some pressure on them.
Stuart A. Miller: Look, as you know, we started years ago focusing on the rental component of the market, recognizing that the mortgage constraint would play a big role in the way that the housing market would recover. Frankly, we didn't anticipate that the regulatory environment would constrain the mortgage market as much as it has. And as the market has presented, we've continued to grow a rather sizable apartment rental business. We've built a platform that, as Bruce articulated, is very large across our geography. And we're not only pleased with the $5.5 billion pipeline that we've put together, and we think that even to our underwriting we're seeing upside just based on low vacancies and high rental rates. The inability of the American family to access the mortgage market is really developing an appetite for single-family product, though it might have to be realized in a rental format. And so we are experimenting with that format as a hybrid between our for-sale and our multifamily apartment community program. And it has received a little bit of publicity, but we are building our first such community to see what the acceptance is in the marketplace. Whether it becomes part of a trend, whether it becomes part of a program going forward, we have yet to see. But as is typical with us, we are innovative. We like to think of ourselves as thinking a little bit outside the box, forward thinking, and we think that this community could be representative of somewhat of a trend in the country, and we'll wait and see. From an upside standpoint, we look at the community as a rental opportunity that can be very interesting. On the downside, if the rental concept doesn't work as well as we'd like, we can always convert to a for-sale platform. So it's really right in our wheelhouse to be working on this, and we think it presents a really unique and interesting opportunity for the future.
Stuart A. Miller: First of all, as it relates to the mortgage market, Stephen, there's clearly somewhat of a shift going on. The traditional banking world is really constrained in its view of the mortgage market and the regulatory environment. But really that regulatory environment spreads or is equally applied across the mortgage platform. Even if you're an unconventional lender, you have to look at the regulations around mortgage origination and some of the punitive constraints of the environment as a limiting factor. And it's not just at the origination point; it's all the way through to the servicing platforms out there. So the mortgage market, even though we're seeing that originations are finding their way across smaller lenders and less traditional lenders in the market at large, it doesn't move the needle dramatically to see the shift from big banks to others in terms of healing the mortgage market. It's more about the regulatory environment softening, the punitive side being softened and lenders just feeling their way through this kind of turbulent landscape. So I still view the mortgage landscape as the primary limiting factor. Now a secondary limiting factor, because we have been constrained in production, the land development machine has not reemerged in this housing recovery in full force. So it takes time to get land entitled. I keep going back to the fact that there is a land shortage, and that means entitled developed land is in short supply. So if you see an uptick in the marketplace, land will continue to be a constraining factor. And then the question of materials and labor, I think they're subsidiary questions. I think to the extent that demand reveals itself, labor can be sourced with higher wages, materials. There are clearly some constraints on the trucking side and maybe the import markets are little bit more complicated. But I think your primary constraining factors are the mortgage market number one, and then land number two.
Stuart A. Miller: First of all, Steve, I want to recognize that you're asking compound questions, which really kind of defeat the policy of one question.
Stuart A. Miller: That's right. So in terms of apartment sales, I'm not going to give specific cap rates and sale numbers. What I will say is that our performance in the apartment segment is defined by low vacancies, higher rental rates than we had originally underwritten. And as we look to sell apartment communities, just remember that we are in partnership in those apartment community, so we don't have the complete unilateral ability to define a sell and define the exact timing of that sale. So this is going to unfold and we've been very cautious about describing the parameters around how sales will actually happen because we recognize it's an imperfect landscape right now. And of course, in order to model it, you who do will analyze what we're trying to do. We're looking for some certainty as to how many and what the cap rate is and what the profitability will be. And we've realized there is a little tug and pull there. We're trying to give you some general parameters recognizing that the specifics are going to define themselves at that time. And as we go through some of our sales, we'll start to develop some more specific parameters, which will be helpful to you when we get into 2016.
Stuart A. Miller: I saw that. I don't know really what to make of it. It seems fairly – it seems that the data that's reported is really kind of it's within a range. I don't know that we – I don't know that I could see a trend from that. It seems to us as we look at our book of business that still – that the mortgage market is opening at a margin. And the fact that FICO scores might move a little bit one way or another I think is all part of that process of one step forward, two steps back, but gently improving as we go forward. So, I just don't know that I would read too much into that data.
Stuart A. Miller: Let me just add to that. I think if you look at the markets in which Rialto operates, most of the participants are groups that have been homegrown here within the Lennar environment. Jeff and his senior management team are, I would say, the educators of the industry and I would say that we have the recipe here. Some of the ingredients sometimes leave the building, but we can replace the ingredients. And we have a great and stable program at Rialto that continues to move forward. I wouldn't read too much into the departure of any one or any few associates either in the Rialto platform or the Lennar platform and again, as Jeff said, I think the press made a lot of much ado about very little. Let me turn to Jon to answer the part about FivePoint.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, listen. Jade, part of our thesis with Rialto was, as we've grown it, has definitely marched along the lines of recognizing that the constraints around the banking industry presented a distinct opportunity for our Rialto platform, and we're pretty enthusiastic about the prospects for future. To the first part of your question, we have built Rialto as distinct from when we built LNR in the 1990s. We built Rialto as a segregated segment with a full complement of management team that was disentangled from the Lennar platform. It was designed to be built with full optionality. As we developed maturity in the business, we would have the ability to either spin to IPO, to combine, to sell, to do any number of things. As we look at Rialto today, given its current maturity, given the prospects for its future, it's a platform that we continue to like having the ability to hold within the company and wait for the right next move to present itself. So we don't feel any urgency in doing something immediately with that segment. We think that it continues its progression of coming right along with a tremendous opportunity set in front of it. And there will be an intersection of a right next move for Rialto as we continue to grow it and as the market continues to ripen and present itself. So think about it in terms of having an excellent operating platform with perfect optionality to be able to realize its maximum value as the market recognizes what its potential is. And that's exactly how we think about it, and we couldn't be happier with the way it's positioned.
Stuart A. Miller: And I think that like the mortgage, the residential mortgage environment, risk retention rules across all asset classes are continuing to evolve. I think the initial intent or the initial concept of risk retention proved to be a limiting factor to the evolution of markets. And in order to keep markets moving and working properly, those rules have had to morph. As we sit right now, we think we're a beneficiary of whatever those risk retention rules are because we have the unique ability to match up special servicing with the acquisition of the underlying collateral of the B-piece. And so however it evolves, we'll be compliant and we'll be a primary engine.
Stuart A. Miller: All right, very good. Thanks, everyone, for joining. As I said before, we feel that the market is continuing to present itself as improving and we look forward to reconnecting at the end of our second quarter. Thank you.
