Rick Beckwitt: Yes, hi Ivy, so if you look at the quarter, our sales prices were up about 5% on overall aggregate basis and granted some of that impacted by mix. But as you look at the entry level product that we’re dealing in our major markets, we’re able to offset the efficiencies production associated with the price increases in those communities. So we are having a pretty well balanced program right now and really on track with the underwriting that we’ve had. 
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, and it's all about the overall land strategy. We try to stay ahead of where the market is going. I’d like the think that we're one or two steps ahead of where the industry is. And as a result, we've tied up as we've talked about in the past. A lot of contiguous land through option contracts that put us in a good position as the market evolves. 
Rick Beckwitt: Well on the integration front, as Stuart said, we’re exactly where we planned again if not a little bit ahead of schedule, the only integration that’s left is really some backend IT stuff the fine tuning on integrating the accounting and control assumptions. Although from an operating standpoint we are one company right now, we’re continuing with the WCI brand because we think that there has been increased ASP growth on those communities.  From a targeted standpoint with regard to the pads, we have one of the towers under construction right now, that’s doing really well, once we entered the sales season. And our plan is to -- if the market is there to continue to build and develop out that business. WCI is a power house in those markets and with our expertise especially on our multifamily side since we do a lot of high rise in the multifamily business. Now we are able to arbitrage costs that will make that business even stronger. 
Rick Beckwitt: Well Steve, that’s not exactly what I said, what I was trying to say and let me just backup. We have always articulated that the entry level is a lower margin business given that it’s that type of business. We are continuing to see pricing power in that first time segment, what I was really trying to get to is given the fact that it’s an easier simpler product to build with less Foo Foo [ph] in it if you will, it helps us from a margin standpoint. 
Rick Beckwitt: So I think you are starting to see the buyers in that segment come to the table a little bit better organized, where they have their financing documents enrolled, they have got a little bit higher qualified buyer universe out there. And that’s helping offset some of the pricing increase that we’re able to do, because they have got -- they are just better organized and positioned.
Jon Jaffe: Yes I would just echo that the consumer sentiment is really a driving factor right now and we’re not seeing spikes in appreciation that are causing concerns and we’re really not seeing that at the mortgage table. So, I think it’s typical housing follows jobs and wages and that’s really a tailwind that we have right now.
Jon Jaffe: Sure. Really, we explored those options every day, we have a supply chain team that's very focused from the beginning of the process through the end. There really hasn't been a realization in the area of modular or prefabing, but yes, we continue to explore that. The opportunities that we're seeing are really eliminating the waste that’s in the supply chain by forming very close relationships with the suppliers and manufacturers and recalibrating that to drive some efficiencies. And that's what we see over the near to medium term and perhaps longer term there will be some technologies that enable some change. But remember, our factories out in the field home site by home site. So it doesn't lend itself the same way that some other manufacturing processes do to the advance of technologies. 
Jon Jaffe: And let me just add the technical part of that question, the difference between the basis on our books and FivePoint books is recognized when there is a third-party sale from FivePoint that difference will be recognized by Lennar.
Jon Jaffe: Yes I think you saw the traditional spring selling season that strength as you look at year-over-year and the slight uptick in comparison just show that this year was a little bit stronger reflective as our earlier comments seeing in consumer confidence, wage and job growth all reflecting an increased traffic at our welcome home centers, increased convergent rate of that traffic. So all building to a slightly stronger sales pace.
Jon Jaffe: Pretty consistence, the quarter strengthened from the first month to the second two months, but pretty consistent over the quarter.
Stuart Miller: So Bob, I would turn the sentiment around and say that we feel that we're at the very beginning stages. We are articulating our successes relative to digital marketing and now dynamic pricing because we can point to some tangible effects that people can latch on to. But this is a big strategic initiative within the company. We feel that we're at the very early stages, very early innings of what I said in my comments building a better mousetrap. We think that there is a lot more leverage. I think it arrives from a lot of smaller initiatives adding up overtime. And as they become more provable, we'll start to put them on the table. I don't want to start getting out over my skies or creating false optimism it has been done before. But as we prove these up, we're talking about them a little bit more. I think that many know, many people know that this is a very big strategic focus for the company. And we think that we can produce a lot of operating leverage and bring our operating margins up. I don't want to quantify it, but we don't think it's tens of basis points we think it's much bigger than that and it will be overtime. 
Stuart Miller: Thank you. So, we’ve highlighted in past conference calls that we’re very focused on reverting to pure play to the pure play homebuilding model. Of course we’ve talked about the IPO of FivePoint, we think that brings growth transparency and visibility. But we’re working every day on some of the other components of our business. You've heard us talk a lot about LMC or multifamily apartment rental program, that program as we move through our merchant build assets and migrate towards our build-to-core strategy this sets up an opportunity for us to maintain this strategy within the company if it strategically make sense as a core asset or to do some kind of alternative transaction and that can very well happen over the next couple of years. On the Rialto side, you’ve seen the buildup of our investment management business, you seen the buildup and execution around Rialto Mortgage Finance and you are seeing a very focused strategy on liquidating our core holdings our assets that where we invested Rialto capital. So that we're going to reduce that business to just those two core business lines of RMF and investment management. And as we do that we come to the end of 2017 the next few quarters, we're really going to have something that will be able to be either combined IPO or spun out and we look forward to doing that over the next couple of years as well. So, we think as we look forward expect to see a refined pure play homebuilder over the next couple of years.
Stuart Miller: We haven’t broken that out by region, but that’s something on a follow-up I could certainly talk though with you.
Stuart Miller: So, I think you are talking about the four star news that's out there as those of you that don't know Starwood Capital has that as a merger agreement to acquire that company. Another builder has recently announced that they have an interest in trying to put something together that buys the majority of the company and run it as a land bank type of machine that would feed that company. It’s an interesting set of cards, we really don’t want to comment on the viability of that platform or the stub piece that would trade in the market, but as we look at we have had absolutely no problem sourcing land. We do a lot of partnerships and have a tremendous depth of connectivity with the land sellers and land developers out there. And we think that we’re going to continue down our path and continue to grow the company.
Stuart Miller: Let me just add to that and say WCI really is a textbook merger and combination integration story, it happened very quickly, very efficiently. We are as Rick says up, we are one company at this point. The positive side of that is that we have clean and clear operating strategies going forward. And the two pronged programs that lead to the best operating results and that is the ability to apply our construction cost preferred customer approach to dealing with subcontractors is really going to benefit the WCI business going forward. And the SG&A leverage that we have been improving on the Lennar platform, we think better than others is going to help leverage the additional volume that we see from WCI in the future, getting the integration behind us quickly and efficiently really enables us to take advantage of those two strategic advantages. And we think we’re going to see that going forward.
Stuart Miller: So [indiscernible] Steve, we are very focused on cash flow generation. And focused on really improving the balance sheet as we go forward.
Stuart Miller: That's -- first of all FivePoint today is a strong independent company with a strong Chief Executive Officer, Emile Haddad. And I certainly don't want to take away from his articulation of strategy. But having been on the road show with him now for a few weeks I do feel that I can comfortably say that FivePoint strategy is to remain focused as a California pure play master plan community focused developer. It has a strong complement of assets that it is focused on today. And it's not going to be distracted by a land strategy for Lennar or any other builder across the country. It's going to stick to its core competence. We endorse that strategy for FivePoint, we think that's how they're going to drive bottom-line and execute their strategy in the public markets as they've articulated it. So they are -- for those who might think about the Four Star strategy and applying that to a FivePoint that’s just simply not our thinking about strategy nor is it the articulated strategy of FivePoint. 
Stuart Miller: Within our environment, we've really engineered and Jon has sphere headed using our everything included marketing strategy as a mechanism for creating Lennar as a builder of choice among subcontractors. And we've built a lot of partnership to be able to strategize in how we can breed efficiencies into our building process and our cost structure. And I think we've made some meaningful inroads along those lines.
Stuart Miller: Well, look, number one I think that transparency associated with FivePoint being a public company. That really helps our shareholder base understand its horsepower. Now that story is going to evolve over the next quarters and years as residential lands are sold, as infrastructure improvements add to value, as the cycle of appreciation embedded in master plan communities really reveals itself through quarterly conference calls and accomplishments.  Our shareholders are going to be able to see FivePoint’s improvement through the transparency and articulation through the public markets. I think that FivePoint’s strategy as it’s been articulated is very focused. There is excellent management team in place. We are happy to number one, be invested in the assets that are -- that make up FivePoint, invested in the management team that makes up FivePoint and we think that giving California’s land constraint, we’re going to have -- we’re going to see tremendous appreciation overtime.
Stuart Miller: It’s a little bit of both. We are seeing some mix, but we are seeing some price appreciation, the 3% this quarter gave us the confidence as we looked at our backlog the increased average sales price for the rest of the year. So, it’s a little of both.
Stuart Miller: There is always a question around mix versus price appreciation when you are rolling up numbers from across the country and it’s very hard to disentangle. I think that there is some offset with construction cost and labor cost and everything else, it’s really hard to get these margin numbers and everything perfectly refined as we look ahead and it moves around through the quarter.  So, it is as you said in your prior question Mike, it’s in exact science and I think we’re all kind of trying to look ahead to what the trend looks like. Generally speaking we’ve seen some initial pricing power, some initial sense of pricing power. But remember that you also have the offset of construction costs and labor costs that are moving in tandem. So we will see how the quarter unfolds, we have given the best guidance that we can at this point. 
Stuart Miller: Let me add to that and say that, I think, Jon highlighted earlier that a lot of what’s driving people to the market is a sense of confidence, it’s animal spirits, it’s the notion that all of this is in exact science, interest rates and affordability and wages and pricing all play a part and what people can afford and how the math actually works out. But the confidence that people bring with them to the table about whether their job is table and whether there’s going to be a wage increase or there is opportunity for them to move and be mobile to the next job opportunity. Whether they have been to able accumulate a down payment or in excess of a down payment, or whether their family members that are able to help support with the gift or something else, all of these are moving parts that define this in exact science that we are all trying to kind of define going forward. So it’s kind of hard to wrap all of our heads around where the market is going, but the general trajectory is positive and even at the first time buyer level as the millennials start to unwind their doubling up and come to the market realizing that rental rates have gone up and there is a real reason to go ahead and purchase. That first time buyer segment is showing some optimism and some ability to be flexible in and around the affordability levels and as prices move up. I don't know if that's helpful or not Steve, but…
Stuart Miller: Well, first of all let me say I'm so happy to hear that people are listening to my opening remarks and you did reside back to the -- as you have clearly listened. Look, these initiatives are really core to what we are working on day-to-day inside the company. And your questions are good one, the answer is that those metrics are the starting metrics for those two initiatives, but they are not the only metrics for those two initiatives. There are other embedded metrics that we're working at. So relative to digital marketing, the very first thing was proving that we could improve our traffic particularly the quality of traffic. Put aside the quantity for a minute, but the quality of traffic while reducing the spend. So it was really can we cut the spends by 50 basis points while we improve the quality of the traffic and continue to grow our business. And that was the beginning metric, but as we become more proficient at digital marketing and as we can expand the flow of qualified traffic I highlighted 100,000 customers, qualified customers coming to the doors driven by social media and internet marketing. As we can expand the number coming through the doors, we are probably going to be able to see greater pricing power and other efficiencies as well. And I'm not going to go through and start articulating those matrices, but we think there is more firepower in the digital marketing strategy and we are very focused on that on a regular basis.  Likewise with the dynamic pricing tool, what you're seeing in a reduction in standing inventory is a starter, but the ability to sell homes that are not standing inventory at the end of quarters helps elevate the need to use discounting mechanisms or incentives to move that inventory. And so as we move forwards with those digital tools or technology tools, we think that there is more firepower in them. But we have a whole host of initiatives of that we're working on, that we don't articulate. Because we're simply not getting out over our skies, but we are telling you that we're working on these things every day and we are committed and think we will build a better mousetrap.
Stuart Miller: Okay, you bet. Thanks Steve. And I do want to say thank you everybody for joining us. We look forward to keeping you updated as we move through the rest of 2017. Thank you.
