Richard Beckwitt: It's Rick Beckwitt. It's a delicate balance in the field. We are reviewing pricing weekly in every community across the country. We have been increasing prices probably every couple of weeks in some communities, at least once a month in all communities. And we balanced the pace-price split really on a local basis. Our preference is to increase price over pace, particularly in communities where we have a long position, a lot of homesites to close out ahead of us. And to the extent that we're on the back end of the community, we may move through that community without too much price increase because of the incremental overhead associated with the fewer deliveries.
Richard Beckwitt: Sure, Ivy. Clearly, if prices continue to increase, the industry will benefit from additional potential margin as long as the builders are careful and controlling the cost and the input cost into the homes. We're working it every day. We're not accepting all price increases that come through, although we are taking some on the chin. And we'll continue to work the inputs into the home. And we have to value engineer to keep costs down, that's what we'll do. I think some companies, and probably the publics, are better at dealing with these type of issues than the privates are. And we're optimistic that margins will continue to increase. We've given that guidance throughout the year, and we'll see where it goes, Ivy.
Richard Beckwitt: And this is Rick. The other thing I'd add is, if you look back over the last several quarters, probably going back through the last 2 or 3, 4, the West has been a large percentage of our new land acquisition. So you'll continue to see some growth stemming from those recently acquired deals in the next year or so.
Richard Beckwitt: This is Rick. Traffic has been very strong. Quality of traffic is even stronger. Year-to-date, our traffic is up significantly pretty much across the board, and conversion rates are strong. So we're encouraged with what we're seeing out there. It gets back to some of the fundamentals that Stuart mentioned in his opening comments with regard to limited supply, people being -- understanding the qualification process. It's a decent market today.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, I think pretty much across the board, the stuff that we're looking for '15, and '16 for that matter, is things that are not yet developed. They're either raw or need some entitlement work. So we will work jointly with the landowner today, put some seed money into the deal or maybe carry the -- cover the entitlement cost with an opportunity and a lock on the purchase of the land once things happen. And as a result of that, land owners today don't have a lot of capital to invest in the underground -- the underlying property. So it's a win-win deal for us and for them. They move the property along, and we contract it at a wholesale price. So when things pass go and we get everything in line, the approvals, the entitlements, the -- everything the way we want it, the density, we'll close on the land 2 years from now. So it works well for us. With regard to the competition in that piece of the pie, what we found is that most of the other folks right now are looking for current delivery things. There are some that have a land-light model and don't want to invest in underground -- underlying property and develop. So the competition is much more limited.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, it's not in all the markets but clearly, Minnesota, Chicago, Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey, Boston and, to a lesser degree, the Carolinas, depending on the market. They're just incremental direct costs. Excavation is more important, more expensive depending how deep the frost line is, and you've got to over-excavate. You can't use the fill. You got to bring sand in because you can't compact the cold dirt. You got to mix the concrete hot with CO2 and with chloride and water -- hot water. You've got incremental field expenses associated with trenching for the utility lines. Cost of heating the homes is higher. There's just a lot of costs associated with building in the winter. For some markets like Minnesota, it could be $10,000 to $12,000 to $13,000 more per home during that time period of the year. So it happens every year. Depending on the amount of snow and how cold it is, it's worse or better.
Richard Beckwitt: This is Rick. Clearly, if we find a finished home site deal that's available at good margins with a developer that we're working with today, good relationships, we're going to gobble that thing down. What Stuart and I have been saying is that, given the fact that we have in place today a pipeline of land to meet deliveries through 2014, it gives us the flexibility to focus more on the long, dated type of things that will come online in the later years. We've very focused on leveraging our overhead structure, investing cash, maximizing returns and driving profitability for our shareholders. So to that extent, if we see something that can be added for this year or next year, we're going to focus on that. It just gives us the flexibility to look a little bit longer in the land curve.
Richard Beckwitt: Will, I don't have the breakdown right now, but we could get it to you later on what was finished versus developed. So I'll have to get back on you -- back to you on that.
Richard Beckwitt: There are some markets where there's a pretty active development business. Those would be in some of the Texas markets where there's developers that are churning land today. So in those type of markets, we're buying finished homesites on a takedown. I would tell you that across the board, we have been acquiring properties that require some development activity. We've got development skill set in-house, and we're leveraging that expertise. My guess is if I had to pick a number out, it's probably 60%, 70% development-oriented deals, and the balance is either finished or semifinished, take them down on a plot and just doing on-site versus the off-site.
Richard Beckwitt: This is Rick. In Houston, we do operate under the brand Village Builders, which has a component of a design center, but we still are a very much EI-oriented builder. What we have done on the EI platform is incorporate, just to simplify, the good, better, best type of specification level for our homes. You can't choose the individual items out of the package. It comes with the package, so it's Everything's Included in that package. That's allowed us to move up through the different stages of what someone wants to spend on the homes.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, this is Rick, and I'll start out. And if Jon's got something, he can add to it. We definitely have crossed the line where a spec is not something that's discounted. We are waiting to lock the price of that as late in the process as we can. Our inventory is working for us today as opposed to several years back where someone wanted a discount if there was something that was standing tall in a community that was unsold. So we're letting the appreciation in the market work towards our benefit. And what we are doing also is on presales, we're not discounting those as well. To the extent someone wants a premium homesite in a community, we're loading it with what that homesite premium should be. And for them to choose a homesite and a community and a particular home, we're loading that up at the front-end, given the fact that it probably takes us 2 to 3 months to build it. Jon, do you have...
Stuart A. Miller: Well, I think, Mike, that -- I think that when we look backwards, what we have generally seen is that the trends that start to reveal themselves in the national numbers and come through performance reports are things that we start to see and feel in the field early. It's tough to be granular about these things. It's more about traffic, quality of traffic and the conversations at the field level that you're having with customers. I've noted that this recovery is starting to feel fundamentally driven and fundamentally sound, and it's primarily because the communications in the field are about people thinking about their monthly payment as it compares to rental rates, their monthly payment as it compares to stability and disposable income. And this is a real shift from people just kind of saying, "Hey, I want to own a home." It's about nickels, dollars and dimes and making sure that they're managing their life as well as possible. We are seeing that demand is growing. It is somewhat constrained by the smaller funnel of mortgage approvals. And so we're seeing not as much demand come through the numbers as demand is out there. And the constraint of the mortgage approval process is really keeping the recovery more sedate than it feels like it wants to be. And again, this is somewhat of a feeling from the field. Now looking at the mortgage approval process, it feels like it's fairly static when we think about it in kind of real-time sense. But if we go back a year or we go back 2 years, the mortgage approval process has really liberalized itself quite a bit. It was just a couple of years ago that it was virtually impossible to make your way through the maze of the paperwork and verifications that were required to get a mortgage. And though those might not be hard credit statistics, those impediments were just as severe as a 780 FICO score. People didn't want to go through the morass of trying to get a mortgage. Today, it is a more streamlined process. The buyer is educated as to what their down payment, their FICO scores, their credit status have to be in order to get approved, and they're coming in more prepared. Mortgage money is becoming marginally more available, and I think that trend will continue as we start to get legislative and regulatory certainty injected into the banking system; the overlays will start to dissipate a little bit.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, look, as I noted, Ivy, there are political and economic questions that could impact. And clearly, the government is contending with questions of how to deal with the debt issues. And a radical mistake, which I don't think we're prone to make as a country, a radical mistake could derail everything. So I don't want to minimize the possibility that something very severe comes our way in terms of political risk. It just seems unlikely to me. The strength of this recovery, as I see it and as we see it in the field, it really is driven by monthly payment and people desiring to find a stable way to identify their cost of living, monthly cost of living, in a static wage environment and maybe even a growing wage environment. Because of those fundamentals, I think that we are pretty secure in terms of moving forward and continuing to recover. Now in terms of QE3 and the elimination of QE and all those questions, we're really talking about interest rates. And I think that we're -- as we look at our business, we think that there's room for interest rates to go up without derailing the current trajectory. If you really do the math and look at the impact of interest rate, of an increase of 100 or 200 basis points in today's limited shelter alternatives environment, we're likely to see rental rates get pushed up if demand shifts back over to rentals. And therefore, the comparison, even at those higher interest rates, is going to be favorable, and people have to have a place to live. So I think there's pent-up demand. I think there's a shortfall in supply that derives from the downturn. I think that the cost, the monthly cost of living is where people are focused right now, and we're likely to see a continued recovery. That's my best guess.
Stuart A. Miller: Let me just add to that and just say that, look, the increasing costs come from land, labor, materials. Our land component is really well identified over the next couple of years, and the land that we're purchasing is for 2015 and beyond, so we have a pretty good lockdown on the land cost relative to the homes that we'll be delivering over the next couple of years. And that's a big component of what is, in some instances, a cost increase component. From a labor and materials perspective, we think that home price appreciation is likely, as we go forward, to continue to outpace the increases in those 2 areas. We've seen that. I think that we noted in our opening comments that sales price had increased some 9%. Costs were somewhere around 4%. Whether that's a relationship, whether it tightened a little bit, we still see sales price outpacing cost increases as we go forward. One last thing I'll say is as it relates to land, we are buying and have been buying a lot of land, but a lot of that land is in our pipeline already: land deals that have been contracted for, that are in diligence or in some form of entitlement process, that are waiting to be closed. So these land deals, even as we close them from today going forward, many of them were negotiated at a different point in time and help us lock down that cost component.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, listen, I'll let Rick take the bulk of that. But I think that a lot of the land parcels that we're looking at for 2015 or that we're purchasing for 2015 are really already identified and in our pipeline. We've been working on those deals. Either they're in negotiation and -- or under contract. The assumptions for many of our deals are without a pricing increase model, though, in some instances, we do find that we're injecting some inflation into our underwriting. So Rick, why don't you...
Stuart A. Miller: I think that one of the advantages, if I could just add, that we're finding, there are 2 groups of potential competitors that are kind of hamstrung right now, the land developers -- the banks are just not lending on land. The old acquisition development loan for land deals is not getting back on track right now. So it really is the well-capitalized public company that has the ability to access the capital to invest in land assets and to drive the entitlement and development process forward. The other group that's really sidelined are the smaller builders. The smaller builders have also had that same access to capital issue where, coming out of the downturn, the banks have just not recast their confidence relative to that group that did not perform particularly well in the downturn, and so they're not competitors. So while the large capitalized -- large well-capitalized homebuilders are out there and competing for some of the same properties, our ability to really cast our sole attention to those later land deals enables us to negotiate well and to position ourselves well and focus just on that group of assets.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes. Just adding to that, we have always been driven by opportunity. And I think that, that is what is unique about our company is our ability to hunt, I think, is better than it's ever been. It's Eric's birthday. He's sitting here in the room. But Eric, I've mentioned before, has been a bridge between Rialto and Lennar, enabling us to find opportunities when we're looking for one thing that really services another part of our company, keeping that open mind to opportunities where and when they might exist that might be off the beaten path. To the extent that we see opportunities to get off-market deals that are not subject to the same competition, the same pricing pressures, where we can make a company-normalized margin, we're all over that. And those kinds of opportunities are still out there for us, and we're still looking for them, it's just not our primary everyday focus. Our primary everyday focus is recognizing that as we go forward, we're going to have a -- we're already stable for 2013 and '14 in terms of what we expect to deliver. And '15 and beyond is where our primary focus is right now.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay. In terms of the spec building, the number of homes under construction that are unsold are 3,667 this quarter, and that's about -- that's 52% of what's under construction during the quarter. And if you look at total starts for the quarter, we had 4,898, and that compares to 2,954 in the first quarter of last year.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, first of all, we're generally not giving an overall guidance as to what the joint ventures will produce. Those earnings will come as they come, and they will tend to be a little bit lumpy from time to time. In terms of the pricing of the property, the land, right now, those ventures, the FivePoint deal, the deals that fall under the FivePoint umbrella, are really uniquely positioned in just some of the most desirable markets that are extremely land constrained. And any time, as an owner of land and a developer, you find yourself in that position, pricing really does come down to what the seller's selling for. So it really gives us some pricing power and opportunity to drive earnings as the market continues to improve, and we just think that FivePoint is very well positioned. I think Bruce talked earlier about some of the timing relative to some of our positions coming on -- or Jon did. But that's about as much guidance as we give.
Stuart A. Miller: All right. That concludes our conference call. We want to thank everybody for joining us. Look forward to reporting as we go forward, and thank you.
Bruce E. Gross: Okay. Let me start, Mike, with your first question, the impairment of $7 million that was noted in the release. 40% of that is ours. That's our share in the FDIC transaction. And that's really based on, as we look at our cash flows, it's more of a timing issue. As we pushed out the timing of some of the resolution of the assets, that resulted in a little bit of an impairment. So in our numbers, it's 40% of that $7 million. On the real estate fund question, each quarter, we go through a fair value analysis. The real estate Fund #1 is doing exceedingly well. And as Stuart talked about there being a significant carried interest that will mirror back to Rialto, that's a significant amount of profitability that will come in at the tail end of the fund as opposed to on a regular basis. So there's significant value creation there, but that tends to be backloaded. The quarterly amounts for the real estate fund will be based on the fair value of the assets each quarter.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure. There is really 2 items that I'd say are different there. Number one, we did have an increased product mix coming from our Central and other regions, where the gross margin percentage tends to be lower than the company's average. And then additionally, our field costs tend to be higher in the first quarter. And what we did is we looked at our states that have colder weather: Minnesota, New Jersey, Colorado, some of the mid-Atlantic and even Pacific Northwest. And there's a number of costs that are involved when you're looking at those winter states that happen in the first quarter. And we went back over the last decade or so, and it's a typical trend that your first quarter falls off as you go sequentially from Q4 to Q1. And even if you looked at similar revenues, you just tend to have more of those winter costs, which, Rick, you might want to highlight a couple of those.
Bruce E. Gross: And I guess the other stat we look at is number of completed homes that we have across the universe of our communities that are unsold, and it's less than 2. So we think that we have a very fresh inventory today. We're starting on a very fast clip. We want to get our inventory moving. And if you look at it today versus at the end of the year, we had about 1,600 or 1,700 more homes than where we ended up at the end of the year.
Bruce E. Gross: No, to answer your question, Will, we did not give any additional color going into the second quarter on demand, and we didn't talk specifically about the gross margin trend going into the second quarter. But we did reiterate that we're still comfortable that our gross margins for the year will be 23% to 24% for the full year and that the sequential trend will continue where it's lower at the beginning of the year and tends to grow each quarter throughout the year.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Sure. The materials where we see the biggest increases, in order of that, is lumber being the largest, then drywall and then concrete. On the labor side, associated with that, framing labor has seen the biggest stress and, therefore, the biggest increase; drywall labor as well; and then plumbing and paint labor. Still seeing a lot of the metrics for pressure, upward pressure on those material costs as we look forward, and we expect we'll continue to see that. And the way that we manage -- we don't go out and buy hedges but we, through our national purchasing process, lock in extended contracts. And those vary in length depending on what the materials are. So for example, lumber, which has been volatile, we're typically locking in 3 or 4 months of pricing at a time. Other products and materials, we might be locking in a year at a time. Labor tends to go on a community-specific basis in terms of time period that, that's locked in.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon again. At El Toro, we'll see our first transaction, where we'll be selling homesites to builders, closing sometime in our second -- sometime in this quarter, and for builders to be having a grand opening of their products sometime later this year. At Newhall, we continue to move through the Valencia assets that are on the east side of the freeway. And Newhall Ranch, which is on the west side, is still in its processing of its maps for that process, so that's still probably about 18 months or so in front of us. In San Francisco, Hunters Point, we'll see the first vertical product coming out of the ground by sometime in the late second quarter or early third quarter of this year.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Sure. In the West, it will be a very community-specific review of that sales pace. So since there hasn't been much in the way of finished lots being produced by the industry over the last several years, there are many communities which we do meter the rate of sales and suppress it below what the market would demand. So in that case, we are seeing more significant price increases. In some markets where there are finished homesites in front of us, we're able to achieve a much higher sales pace. So for example, in Northern California, in the Sacramento area, where we have a healthy supply of homesites in front of us, or the Inland Empire, we were able to be achieving a higher absorption level because we're able to pick up our production levels.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon. I'd also add that our EI platform makes it easier for us to ramp up our production because we know what we're going build, we don't have to wait for the customer's order, as well as, in markets where we're able to benefit from greater appreciation by wading into the construction cycle, since we know what's going to go into the home before we sell the home. So our EI platform is both very efficient, as well as it allows us to maximize the margin, having our cost locked in when we start the home, before we sell it.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon again. We're clearly seeing a small increase in cycle time, as there is stress on the labor market as not only we but the whole industry is increasing the production flow that's out there. It's still below where it was at the peak of the last cycle, and we feel like we're much better able to control it with our more focused product strategy and fewer divisions. So we have more consistency of product. But clearly, as you would naturally expect, as the cycle picks up its volume, we are seeing a little bit of movement in cycle time.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Yes, this is Jon. I would just add to that, that, as Rick said earlier, we manage this weekly in each of our communities, what the pace is and pricing. We're clearly able to drive more to our bottom line margin by having our construction cost locked in with a started home versus a presale situation and benefit from an appreciating market by selling later in the cycle. So we should see incrementally more margin, to specifically answer your question, on a spec home versus a presale.
