Stuart A. Miller: Well, historically, the exact date that the spring starts to be indicated moves around a lot. And especially over the past years, that has been the case. We always peg Super Bowl. I mean, it seems a little bit irrational, but it seems that when the Super Bowl ends, people start getting out there and looking for homes. It's more towards wintertime than actual spring, but that's when we start to get our early indications as to what's coming. What makes us think about spring as a -- or early indication being that spring is going to be a pretty responsible season is the progression of sales. As we've watched the market adjust to the interest rate increases and to the political environment being in a pretty solid state of turmoil, we did see the market adjust. And it started with traffic, but as Rick indicated and Jon indicated, we did see sequential improvement as we went through the quarter. And that, together with our traffic patterns, gives us pretty good sense, right now, that the spring selling season is starting to shape up. I'm not going to say -- I'm not going to be too aggressive in my statement, but we feel that it's shaping up to be pretty strong, given the demographic trends that we know exist, the pent-up demand that we are pretty sure exists, and some of it just coming pent-up demand from the political turmoil that we've seen. We think it's going to reveal itself in the spring, and we feel like we're really well prepared for it.
Stuart A. Miller: Generally speaking, we're -- it remains our view that inventories are pretty tight out there, both on the existing and the new home front. And with rental rates having continued to climb, we feel that, as the season starts to present itself, we feel it's more likely that we're going to be able to both see volume increases and be able to manage the higher ASP.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, it's a combination. We have some of those shorter-term positions that are starting to -- that are flowing through. But let's not minimize the fact that, in what I have characterized as a somewhat squishy environment, given the higher interest rates, given the political environment, now, incrementally, as we start to look at what the FHFA announced yesterday with higher guarantee fees, lower loan limits, although that's a little bit varied across the geography, there are some areas that you have to look at and conservatize your outlook. And that's exactly what we did as we presented for the third quarter. We were interested in looking and watching at how the market evolved. Likewise, as we look ahead to 2015, remember, we're getting pretty close to peak margins, both at the gross line and at the net line. And so we want to take a responsible and conservative look at where we think we're going to be. We feel comfortable with a flat and attractive margin for 2014. And we think that the environment will enable us to maintain those high and responsible growth margins as we grow our business.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, Steve, remember, we got way out ahead of the rest of the pack. And we bought sizable parcels of land and land positions in all of our major markets early on. We really used the cycle in a very constructive way in positioning our company for the future. So as we look ahead, I've noted in my remarks that we have been adjusting our land strategy. We are focused on leveraging the good parcels that we've purchased. It necessitates buying somewhat less land as we go forward. Now, of course, growth will necessitate that we pick up that amount -- or the amount of the spend. But you are seeing somewhat of a trend. Our land spend is down a little bit right now, and if you look at the number of homesites that we've put under contract, I highlighted 3,000 homesites that were put under contract. We are moderating. As land prices have bumped up, we're in the enviable position of not having to push the market, and we're really carefully managing the land spend. And as the market matures, you can expect to see that we will be purchasing less in the way of longer-term positions, auctioning land more aggressively and also making sure that our land purchases, land that we put under contract, comes onto our books in more of a just-in-time fashion.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes, listen, I think that we are looking at varied margins across the platform. Some of that -- some of the shorter-term land positions are kind of at our average, and some of them are down into the high teens. So it's really a varied mix across the platform. But I don't want to overstate the shorter-term positioning that we're taking. We are also looking at more conventional land sales. It's just that, given the fact that we are able to look for land for 2016, 2017, we're really able to put things under contract that we don't have to take down until later. And those will keep -- those will be underwritten to much higher margins. So really, our averages should remain very, very strong. Some of the shorter-term positions, where we have an operating platform that's already paid for and in place, really makes sense for the company as we drive volumes and prices going forward into the recovery.
Stuart A. Miller: We haven't started looking forward and putting out projected numbers. This is still -- we still view ourselves as being in a startup mode. We think that the $700 million of originations and securitization in the fourth quarter gives a good indication of the potential power in this segment of our Rialto business. And we do think that, over time, it's going to help define and refine a visible and predictable stream of earnings. But I think it's a little too early to start putting out projected numbers and to start putting too much quarterly pressure on that group. As I say, we're still starting up and getting the engine well oiled.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes. As we're positioned right now, we have about $400 million invested on balance sheet in some of those earlier asset-heavy kind of acquisitions. We expect, over the -- if you kind of straight-line over the next 3 years, we think that's kind of a good benchmark. There will be some stragglers that go into the fourth, but that's kind of a good benchmark as to how those assets will be liquidated and, ultimately, come back into cash. As far as investing going forward, we really aren't doing any new investing outside of the platforms that we have in place. And of course, with the $1.3 billion raise now basically completed, that gives us a lot of runway in terms of being able to invest in new assets going forward. And the mezzanine program, of course, is a complement to the fund management business that we've had in place to date.
Stuart A. Miller: Look, the balance between volume and margin is more of an art than a science, and we'll have to manage that as market conditions present themselves. I think the question as to whether we're more likely to beat on one or the other, I think that we're giving guidance thinking that's where we're going to actually be. And as we go through the year and as we feel market conditions present themselves, I think we're going to navigate that balance on a day-by-day basis in each division at a very local level. One of the complications in our business is the business is so local that, that balance being struck at the local levels, you can't really nationalize what's actually happening until you actually roll up the numbers. So to give you a good answer on that, as it stands right now, I would -- looking at -- looking ahead to next year, I would have to say where we're more likely to outperform is probably both, and that's kind of our feeling right now. But staying conservative, we've given numbers that we feel comfortable with.
Stuart A. Miller: I think that everybody is really carefully managing the balance between leveraging their overhead, increasing their average sales price and maximizing the good land assets that they have, recognizing that they're very, very difficult to replace. So you have, in my opinion, a very responsible competitive environment pretty much across the platform right now. And if you think about that and put it in historical perspective, David, there have been times where land has been more plentiful and more easily replaceable. And in those kinds of times, you probably have a much more competitive spirit in terms of just driving volume. That does not seem to be the case right now. Everybody's trying to manage that balance between volume and maximizing return on what they view as a scarce asset.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, we're at an interesting inflection point where the mortgage market is evolving, in a free market sense, but the government is very involved, and there are a lot of opinions at the governmental level right now. We see an outgoing Ed DeMarco waving goodbye in a very complicated way at a complicated time with the announcement yesterday. And we have an unknown in the incoming head of FHFA. I think that everybody's aware that a derailing of the mortgage market in the context of a somewhat tepid recovery to date is problematic for overall economic recovery. So I think we're going to have to kind of wait and see over the next month how the mortgage market presents itself and what kind of governmental adjustments will or might be made. I wouldn't be surprised if some of what's been that gets rolled back. I wouldn't be surprised if there are more incremental difficulties presented for the mortgage market. That being said, I think that they will be incremental. I think that the overall housing market will find its way to adjusting, and we'll have to navigate our way through it. But I think that there are some question marks and headwinds out there, but I think that the strength in the recovery and general strength in the economy are going to overcome them.
Stuart A. Miller: That I would not be expecting as much loosening? I think the banks are going to continue to loosen. Remember, the refi business has all but evaporated. It's a small shadow of itself. And the banks are really replacing some of that income stream by taking away some of the overlays that they've had in place. I think there's likely to be some loosening as we go forward, but there will be some counterbalancing to that with some other elements, higher interest rates and other things. But overall, I think, everybody is holding hands, recognizing that a vibrant mortgage market is the key to the housing market continuing its recovery and, ultimately, to creating jobs and creating economic prosperity across the country.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay. Very good. That wraps up our conference call for 2013. We look forward to reporting a successful 2014. Thank you, everyone.
Richard Beckwitt: Maybe I'll take that. This is Rick. It's going to be a combination. I think that we've seen and, as you've noted, in our numbers throughout the year, you've seen some pretty dramatic price increases. I think you'll start to see some of that normalize to maybe single-digit, low double-digit paces. And as Stuart mentioned early on, we are very focused on operating margin as opposed to just the pure gross margin line. So you'll see us play a little bit with pace to accentuate some communities where we can pick up some incremental absorption to push the bottom line.
Richard Beckwitt: Steve, the other thing I'd point out is -- and you see it in the numbers that our land development spend increased. And that's a function of the fact that, when we were early-cycle in buying some of these pieces, we're now putting the money into the ground in order to maximize the value of these assets and build on it. So I think, as Stuart said, we're in a transition point right now.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, this is Rick. I think you've got to keep in mind that we are going into the seasonably lower period where we're going to get deliveries in our first quarter. Historically, our gross margin in Q1 has been 100 to 200, 300 basis points, depending on the year, lower than what our Q4 has been. You've got costs associated with winter starts and deliveries. So it's consistent with where we were last year. Keep in mind, last year, in Q1, I think we were at 22.1% gross. So guiding towards -- we're still, on a year-over-year basis, much higher than where we were last year. I guess the other thing I'd point out is, when you look at gross margins, we are so far ahead of where the rest of the pack is out there that at 25% growth, it's pretty strong.
Bruce E. Gross: That's our expectation right now. We've gotten down to a point that is lower than we've been at for the last number of years. We do have some leverage, and I think 25 basis points is a good place to think about us as we look at next year. So I wouldn't go beyond that at this point.
Bruce E. Gross: And I would just add, Mike, when you think about the first quarter gross margins with that lower volume, all of our field expenses for all the construction we have get allocated over fewer closings. And that's one of the reasons why the margins are lower in that first quarter.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure. We did bring down our expectations for our tax rate for next year from 38% to 37.75%. And the 25 basis points of leverage I would look at as a combined leverage between those 2 categories at this point.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure. From the standpoint of modeling purposes, we're not expecting much in the way of sales of land. So the number came down. We're certainly not anticipating it -- sometimes, you have the opportunity to move out of one position into another opportunity that's nearby. So generally, we're not anticipating land sales. If they happen, it's more of a strategic focus as we're looking at other opportunities. But for modeling purposes, generally, we don't model land sales, and it's something I would say not to include in the model any land profit. It's not what we're focused on.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: In terms of the securitization business, what we're doing is we're originating what would be more typical conduit loans, which are stabilized loans on pretty much everything from office, retail, hotel, et cetera. So it's pretty much straightforward. There's clearly an active and growing market in that arena, and our team has been doing it for over 20 years. As it relates to transitional lending, we are not doing any balance sheet transitional lending. And we are doing some mezzanine loans, but we're doing those mezzanine loans, as Stuart mentioned, in a separate vehicle, for which we are in the process of raising additional capital right now.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: It was -- in total, so far, it's $80 million. We're 40% of that, so it's a little over $30 million that's coming back -- that has come back or is coming back over the next couple of days.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: It's a competitive market, but we have a very, very strong eye on credit. So we maintain our position. But it's a growing market. And you have -- over the next several years, you have hundreds of billions of dollars of loans that are coming up -- coming to maturity that are going to need to be refinanced. So we see our position as a great position as that market continues to expand.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: The typical conduit loan is a nonrecourse loan, and we're looking to the credit of the underlying real estate as support for the -- and again, these are stabilized assets that have cash loans coming from rents or under leases.
