Jon Jaffe: Thanks, Rick. As we look back on the quarter in our fiscal year, we can clearly see the benefits we are receiving from our significant size and scale across the platform. For both the fourth quarter and for the year, we delivered the most homes in Lennar’s history. We continue to see the benefits in our direct construction costs and in our SG&A that are not only result of this size and scale, but also of our focus on process, particularly the simplification of processes to maximize efficiencies. Turning first to direct construction costs. I noted last quarter, we had visibility that our direct costs are going down sequentially, and will contribute positively to our gross margins going forward. In our fourth quarter, 70 basis points of our 110 basis points of sequential margin improvement came from our direct construction costs. In the fourth quarter, our direct cost as a percentage of our average sales price was 45.5%. Throughout 2019, this cost to price ratio has trended downward each quarter. We expect this trend to continue throughout 2020, even though we’re projecting lower sales prices in 2020 due to a higher mix of entry-level homes. Looking at cost per square foot, year-over-year, our direct costs were up less than 1%, while our average square footage was down by 4%. This is an improvement from the third quarter’s 3% year-over-year increase and marks the lowest rate of year-over-year direct costs increase in 12 quarters. Going forward, as we deliver more entry-level homes and our average selling price and square footage will both continue to be lower. While this is occurring, the ability to both lower our direct construction costs as a percentage of average sales price and to keep our cost per square foot relatively flat, demonstrate the value of the size, scale and efficiency of our platform. Across the country, our builder of choice focus allows Lennar to minimize the impacts of the labor shortage, while maximizing supply chain efficiencies. Throughout 2019, we were disciplined with our even flow production model, which combined with our everything is included platform gives predictability to our trade partners, suppliers and manufacturers. Turning now to overhead. As noted, our fourth quarter and full-year SG&A of 7.6% and 8.3%, respectively, were both all-time company lows. Our focus on simplicity and technology, combined with our size and scale, continue to give us SG&A leverage. As we improve our systems and simplify our processes, our associates increasingly become more efficient. In the fourth quarter, our year-over-year personnel spend in homebuilding SG&A was down 1%, while our volume increased by 16%, giving us significant G&A leverage. We achieved sales and marketing leverage through the use of technology to reduce our sales and marketing spend. As we mentioned last quarter, we are focused on higher-quality Internet leads to our Internet sales team. In the fourth quarter, we had over 90,000 Internet leads, meaning, we had that many customers requesting specific information about a home or community. Our team of Internet sales consultants then communicate with the customer online via text messaging or by phone call to learn more about the customers’ needs and then match their specific needs with our homes and the range and visit to one of our communities. The result is high-quality, very well informed customers, with set times visiting our communities. In summary, we’re executing our game plan with the following unified playbooks: one, simplification, maximizing the efficiency of every process; two, asset light, optioning land and buying land with shorter durations; three, even flow production, operating our everything is included platform with a step production start pace, while matching sales to this page using our dynamic pricing model; four, lower direct construction costs, developing strategic builder of choice partnerships throughout the supply chain, along with value engineering workshops division by division; and five, technology, providing better systems and information for happier more productive associates, a better customer experience and lower costs. Now, I’ll turn it over to Diane.
Jon Jaffe: I just had two points. One is, we don’t think it will cannibalize our existing product at all. It’s the same product. It’s really filling the need, as Stuart just mentioned, of a consumer that can afford to buy and doesn’t make sense for them to buy. The other point is, the focus on this for us will further enhance our builder of choice position with the trade as we have more volume and this is even more consistent and higher volume. So we see that as being very complimentary to our construction platform.
Jon Jaffe: Hey, Mike, it’s Jon. First of all, that is correct. It’s your year-end to year-end comparison. As we think about pace, it really goes back to my commentary about a very disciplined production approach and matching sales pace to that. So to the extent that the market is stronger or not, we’ll adjust pricing accordingly. So we expect our pace to be a consistent one. And to the extent, the market is stronger, we would hope that we’ll see improvement in margins over what we’re projecting. To the extent that the market were to soften, we expect the pace to be consistent and we would do some reflection of that in our margins.
Jon Jaffe: Sure. Well, as you look backward, and as you look forward, there is a severe shortage of labor in the industry, particularly skilled labor. And we really don’t see that improving, because a lot of the labor out there is actually aging out from the workforce. So we expect that pressure to continue. And as we started several years ago, we really thought about the fact that as volume grows, there’ll be more pressure on the system. And that’s why we really reinvented ourselves with its focus of being the builder of choice. So it’s much more than just volume and scale that has a big part, that’s strategically positioned us to be most desirable, but it has everything to do with this even flow production and predictability that gives trades or everything is included platform is really critical, because one of the big obstacles for trade is that they go out to a job site and it’s not ready for them. That inefficient use of labor that’s already in short supply, backed up on itself and creates real issues. And because of that, the trades find us more favorable to work for to get the jobs run smoother than more predictable. They don’t have the starts and stops of options and upgrades. And so we are continuing to focus on how do we get even better at that, at least, even more disciplined about even flow. So that, as we move forward, the trades you’re actually able to make more money on our business, because it’s efficient, not because we’re paying them more.
Jon Jaffe: Hey, Steve, it’s Jon. As an overview, remember, that our first quarter is always our lowest from a volume perspective, and therefore, our field has spread out. It has a bigger impact on the margins in the first quarter. And you always see that trend with us. So what we don’t see it sequentially throughout the year, our margins will improve as we get greater field leverage, just purely based on volume. The improvement is throughout the year, though, based on what we expect to see with this more efficient, both gross margin and operating margin out of the efficiencies, we’re gaining in our systems and our costs and our SG&A that should flow through all of our numbers. So it’s really the combination of those two things progressing throughout the year.
Jon Jaffe: California has clearly seen a recovery, if you look at it from a year-over-year perspective, the prior year, California really fallen off and the pause affected California perhaps more than any other parts of the country. What we saw in the fourth quarter was a much healthier market, a clear recovery back to normal sales paces. Even in the Bay Area, which was perhaps the most impaired by a market slowdown in fourth quarter 2018. We’ve seen that market come back to life. I wouldn’t describe that as robust yet, but certainly a lot healthier.
Stuart Miller: Truman, let me start just at a macro level and say, it’s important for everyone to remember that the entry-level part of the market has remained impaired for the longest period of time since the downturn and really had a very difficult time getting started. So that part of the market is probably the most supply constrained. When you note that a number of participants are migrating towards that market, it has most recent – more recently become accessible. Demand is very strong in that part of the market. And I think it’s going to be sometime before it gets saturated. Rick, Jon, maybe you’d like to talk about margin and…
Stuart Miller: So, as we noted in our comments, we expect to continue to pay down debt certainly, as it comes due. I think we noted that over the next year, over 2020, we have about $600 million of longer-term debt coming due. You can expect that we’ll pay that down out of cash flow. But additionally, returns to shareholders focus on returning of capital to shareholders is something that will be continued and properly balanced. As we’ve looked at our business and looked at our growth expectations, normal operations today are cash flow positive. As we noted, last year we produced $1.6 billion, and we expect to continue that trend and more. And that excess capital is going to be balanced exactly as noted. We’re very focused on our balance sheet, very focused on total shareholder return.
Stuart Miller: So let me just start off by saying is that, right now, this business is very small in the grand scheme of things. And what we’ve really done is focused on positioning to grow something that’s substantive. So from an order perspective for the last quarter, the orders associated with this were de minimis. What we’ve really been focusing on is identifying markets that we can build a good business that is focused on providing products that the market needs. Within our existing communities, what we’ve really done is looked at sectioning off different phases or sections of the community that will be priced completely differently than our other sale for product. So smaller footprint, lower specification levels, not a lot of change from home-to-home pretty identical features right down the street.
Stuart Miller: Well, let me start off by just generally telling you how we look at the dollar value difference. Yes, we’ve told you that what we want to do is take our own supply from 4.1 years to three years by 2021. And if you step back and you look at it, you can calculate that two different ways. We – which – it’s about one year of land purchase, so we buy about $3 billion of land a year. So $3 billion sort of sums up to that number. Looking at it in a different way, based on our guidance of 50 – 54,000 to 55,000 homes for next year. If we don’t have to buy the homesites associated with that, our average lot finished homesite or underdeveloped, in some cases, finished our homesite is about 54,000, 55,000, which gets you to the same $3 billion number.
Stuart Miller: Well, I think that definitely. I mean, if you just look at the guidance we gave with regard to deliveries, the delivery growth is higher than the increase in communities. So you’ll get a natural increase in overall sales that are greater than the 1% to 2% growth in community count.
Stuart Miller: That’s right. We’ve strategically focused on getting higher velocity out of each community, as opposed to growing communities at a higher rate.
Stuart Miller: Yes. I don’t think it’s different. It’s – for us, it’s going to be, as we’ve said, to be on a very consistent pace. And if the market is strong, right, they’re currently is showing signs of now, as Stuart said, it’s strong. And we see that across our markets that we will have pricing power greater than we had in the last year or two. That will unfold, as the months go by, and we’ll see exactly what the market is like. But as we look at it right now, it is strong. And we would expect to be able to benefit from that.
Stuart Miller: Listen, I can’t really look at what the rest of the industry is doing at a micro level. But from what we understand at a macro level, the costs within the industry have been migrating higher and we are an outlier in that regard.
Stuart Miller: All right, very good. Well, I thank, everybody, for joining us on our call. We look forward to reporting in 2020. As you can hear, we’re pretty enthusiastic about the year to come and look forward to apprised. Thank you all for joining.
Rick Beckwitt: So, I think, what this really reflects is, as a management team, when we – when Stuart, Jon, and I sit down and we make a plan, we execute on the plan. And we really decided that we were going to convert and increase the amount of our option position. We worked with our regional trade partners and our regional developers and have significantly expanded that program. We haven’t necessarily entered into new arrangements with different developers. Rather, what we’ve done is expand the footprint of those relationships to other markets and that’s what you’re seeing in the increase. In addition to that, our teams out there are really leveraging the relationships they have in all of their markets to increase that percentage.
Rick Beckwitt: But let me back up for a second and say this. SFR has been a part of the sales program for the past two years, both in our company and others. It’s basically been on a one-off basis. It’s more mom-and-pop-oriented. What we have been innovating over the past years and we dilated this in Reno. It’s a continuation of that. It’s a more structured program and we’ve been focusing on looking at single-family plan for rent communities, which is where we have innovated and our kind of branding going forward a new way of thinking about single-family for rent. We are at the early stages of this. It has been an evolutionary track for the company. You’re going to see others follow suit. Capital is starting to understand this business, and this will be an emergent story as we go forward. But the single-family for rent that we’re talking about is single-family communities for rent, which will be – there’ll be a circle around that community. While there will be similarities with other single-family product, it won’t be directly competitive, but instead, this product is going to enable a consumer that wants single-family, but might not quite be able to get into a for sale program, very enthusiastic about this and it’s a uniquely Lennar branded program.
Rick Beckwitt: And so, look, it’s a pretty straight math calculation to look at the $3 billion number. Mike, you’re correct in highlighting that this is additive to cash flow, as we migrate in this direction. We do expect that cash flow will continue to benefit from our inventory and land strategy. And I think that your question is, does that mean that we accelerate things like debt and shareholder – a return of capital to shareholders? And the answer to that is decidedly, yes.
Rick Beckwitt: I’d say additionally, that, as part of our land and inventory management program, looking internally, we have clearly focused on more of our higher-paced communities and focusing on those communities with greater absorption. And we’ve clearly and decidedly been pruning some of the slower-pace communities that might have come from CalAtlantic legacy that, that are more of a drag on some of our returns. So this is all part of our inventory management program. And we’ve been looking community by community to enhance that the absorption rate, therefore, enhancing returns.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. And I think the thing to focus on, we will solve to price, whether that’s a higher price or lower price, but we’re very focused on net operating margin for each community.
