Jonathan Jaffe: Thank you, Stuart, and good morning. We're very proud of the pre-impairment 19.1% gross margin and 5% operating margin we delivered in our second quarter. I will speak to our company strategy on maximizing revenues and our intense focus on managing direct costs and overhead. On the revenue side, we are focused market-by-market on driving sales by zeroing in on today's home-buying consumer wants and needs. We deliver value by targeting the right product and features. Each of our divisions has redesigned floor plans, square footages and features to address today's customer profile. Additionally as Stuart has noted today and in past calls, we have reignited Lennar's Everything's Included platform to highlight the energy-efficient, technological and quality features that clearly differentiate our new homes as compared to the resale homes on the market. In the area of energy efficiency, which is a real differentiator when compared to used and foreclosed homes, we're designing our homes to save customers around $1,000 per year on their electric bill compared to the typical existing home. In some of our markets, we have homeowners who experience monthly electric bills that average below $10. We are also including home automation technology that allows our homeowners to control door locks, lighting, thermostats, cameras and more through their Smart phone, iPad or computer. These today's technology features allow homeowners to enjoy their home in a way that previously, either wasn't available or it's too expensive for them. We believe this strategy is allowing us to maximize our sales and sales price by giving customers a reason to buy in the current difficult market environment.  On the cost side of the margin equation and at the same time as we are executing our Everything's Included strategy to include more features that appeal to today's customer, we continue to drive down the direct cost of construction. Our current average direct cost at homes are approximately $40 per square foot. This is down over 30% from the 2006 peak and is a year-over-year reduction of over 5%. We achieved this result through the hard work of extremely well-coordinated national and local purchasing teams that continually find the answers on how to deliver more value for less. We've also stayed focused on bringing down our cycle time which is now down 27% from the peak. This is accomplished by working hand-in-hand with our trade partners and designing and building more efficient value-engineered homes. This effort has allowed us to control our fuel cost and effectively manage our inventory. We have also maintained our intense management of SG&A. As market headwinds result in downward pressure on home prices, we know that we have to [indiscernible] every day to reduce our cost structure. Despite the cost associated with new community growth and today's overall lower absorption levels, our year-over-year SG&A spent for second quarter was flat at $97 million. At 14.9%, this represents a year-over-year increase of 100 basis points due to the decline in revenues of 6%. To put our overhead focus into perspective, at the peak of the market in 2006, SG&A was $484 -- $484 million compared to our Q2 2011 run rate of $97 million. As Stuart mentioned, we have just completed our operations reviews with each of our Homebuilding divisions. I can tell you that despite the reality of a disappointing spring sales season, we have a team that is energized to execute on the strategy of maximizing sales revenue and the goal of maintaining industry-leading operating margins through the active management of reducing cost of sales. Thank you. I'd now like to turn it over to Rick.
Jonathan Jaffe: Sure. We monitor the absorption community-by-community and accordingly, set a start pace for that specific community. Those things end up -- we experienced in today's market is that our biggest competitor is the existing home. And the brokers, particularly, and the customers are comparing a finished home to our homes. And the ability to have some homes that are near completion really allows us to compete more effectively with the existing home. And of course, our focus on cycle time also allows us to effectively control the fact we started some homes that aren't sold yet.
Jonathan Jaffe: Mike, to your point about direct cost reduction. We continue to look forward and expect we're going to have to continue to reduce cost structure in the current market environment knowing that price pressure can continue to move downward and so we're forward-thinking and forward-looking in terms of what's the next solution to deliver value and reduce cost.
Jonathan Jaffe: That was going to be my point. It really starts with market research and it does lead us to different answers in different markets. They're just different taste relative to style and likes from someone living in Florida to somebody living in Minneapolis to someone in Phoenix. They tend to fall into common categories but the application and execution of that will definitely vary market-by-market.
Jonathan Jaffe: I think we've stated that in terms of this fund that Lennar's commitment is $75 million. But it also has the opportunity if there are larger transactions as to co-invest side-by-side with the fund. So we do have that. I don't believe we've actually disclosed the total amount, the maximum amount of the fund. But on the face of it the first fund is $750 million.
Jonathan Jaffe: This is Jon. Now that -- if you look back the last 3 quarters, it's really been relatively flat. Like everything else, it's very local and it does vary by market-by-market and what's happening within those regions and submarkets.
Jonathan Jaffe: This is Jon. As you think about it, in every market of record affordability which typically brings out first-time buyers who weren't able to afford to purchase a home in better times. And what we're seeing today for that first-time buyer, the administrative hurdles of credit today make it very difficult. And so that demand that is out there, as Stuart noted, it's very hard to convert into an national homeowner.
Richard Beckwitt: Thanks, Jon. During the quarter, we continued to focus on acquiring or optioning new home sites that would have a positive impact on our bottom line. We signed 25 new deals to purchase approximately 2,900 homesites. About half of these deals were option contracts where we put up a small deposit and have a right to take down the land over time. The remaining deals were cash purchases or distressed loan purchases where we subsequently foreclose on the land. Our land spend during the quarter was approximately $109 million, down about $50 million from the first quarter. At the end of the quarter, we owned or controlled approximately 108,000 homesites. All of these new deals in the quarter were underwritten with extremely conservative underwriting assumptions. They assumed no price increases and in some cases, price declines, slower decline in sales basis and where price to yield gross margins and IRRs exceeding 20%. Jon and I review every transaction regardless of size and absolutely no money leaves this company without a thumbs-up from me, Jon or Stuart. Today, we've been very pleased with the performance of our new communities, even as the market has trended downward. During the second quarter, approximately 30% of our deliveries came from communities purchased or put other contract in the last 2 years. Our gross margin on the closings in these communities was approximately 21% or about 200 basis points higher than the gross margin for the entire company in the second quarter. From a geographic standpoint, approximately 32% of the new deals are located in Florida; 20% in Maryland, Virginia and the Carolinas; 18% in California; 13% in Texas, but the remaining 17% spread throughout our other markets. Our focus within these markets has been on desirable communities located in submarkets where people really want to live. Whether the hook at schools, spectacular amenities or commute time, each one of these new deals has been selected with a very specific target buyer in mind. In short, we've stayed away from fringe locations or opportunities where price was the only driver. Given our laser-type focus on land, our product strategy has been a key driver to our success in these communities. We have ensured that we have a cost-effective home design in hand before we buy land, which has allowed us to streamline the time period between when we buy and when we're open for sales. It's a true cash-on-cash focus. We don't want to waste on chasing deals that fall outside of our floor plan universe. This allows us to use realtime and proven cost information when we underwrite new deals . As I've mentioned in the past, we've been direct sourcing the lion's share of our deals and have tried to stay away from the broker-to-bid transactions. This has allowed us to get in early, buy and try out multiple deals at a time and negotiate much more favorable pricing in turns. I have no doubt that we have the most talented and hard-working land team in the business. This team working together with our Rialto associates has been particularly effective. We've worked closely with the banks, partnered with the government, bought foreclosed properties, tax certificates and community development bonds . We think that some of the best opportunities are the more complicated deals. and I'd like to thank our team for their hard work and dedication.  Now I'd like to turn it over to Jeff Krasnoff, the CEO of our Rialto operations.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, on the land light versus land heavy side, Ivy, this is Rick. We're being very opportunistic with regard to what we're putting under contract, how we're underwriting it and when we're investing the dollars. All we can really point to is what the numbers have been with regard to the investments. Pretty much across-the-board, we've invested in new opportunities that far exceed the gross margins in some of the legacy assets. So from a cash investment and a return standpoint, those things have been really money good. As we look at the cycle and we look at the opportunities out there, we have changed some focus at various times in different markets from some of the finished product that's available out there because some of that has been bid up to things that may be more busted deals, to give us an opportunity for really outsized returns as we fix the issues that are out there. Pricing, we've seen pricing bounce around. As I said in some of the prepared remarks, when we underwrite these deals we underwrite them with multiple variables in mind. We look at them on a base case as if everything is flat. We look at them with declining sales prices, declining absorption rates, cost inflation. Really, we split it and we analyze it in multiple ways. At the end of the day, it needs to pass muster at the worst-case scenario based on absorptions, based on price decline, based on cost inflation and all of those type of variables. And once it does that, we make the investment decision.
Richard Beckwitt: Hey, Mike, this is Rick. As I said last quarter, I think the zip codes that you really should focus on is really 19% to 21%. Because Jon and I, every month, every week, are making pricing decisions with regard to market movements that are realtime. Clearly, the new communities have the ability to push the overall blended gross margin up to the higher end of that range, but we have to react on a daily basis to the local market movements, the traffic conditions and it's going to sort of move in that category. And if you look at the guidance that we gave you last time, we sort of came in right the middle of that curve.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, from a benchmark standpoint, I think that we feel that we're doing the best job in the industry. And we've got great people in the field. We've got excellent purchasing folks. We are construction superintendents. Our builders out there are focused on keeping that house moving from the date we pour the slab until we give the keys to the buyer. So cycle time is incredibly important in this company. And how much further can we compress that time period? That's going to be a lot driven by the increased efficiency in the designs and some of the things that we're doing along those side. From a cost perspective, the purchasing perspective, we're continuing to battle with some of the influence of the manufacturers are trying to push costs up. But we've been very effective in keeping things down. And what's going to be interesting is what happens when the cycle turns and how much of that cost increase that we can battle against. But I think that when that happens, we should be able to more of -- than offset that with price increases of a product.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, this is Rick. Houston continues to be a very tough market. We've had some things go on in the market that are somewhat aberrational starting with the oil spill. And stemming from that, the curtailment of a lot of oil and gas spend given the activity that went on there. In addition, there was the Continental-United merger, which was had a big impact on the employment base there. And we're starting to see stabilization of what we've got going on in Houston. From an income statement, the division still operates on a profit for us. And we're looking at over the next several quarters to see that turnaround. We think our communities are very well located there. There's no doubt in our mind that we're really outperforming the competition in that market. It's just very noticeable when you had a very large division that we've broken out on individual line item go through a very tough market correction.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, there were several communities that came to their end, either because we built through them or decided to walk away from them. Benefiting from the options structure that we have with regards to those deals. You will see through the balance of the year as things come on book and things move off. We are very encouraged when we get to move through some of our asset base. And so that -- we view that as a pretty good thing.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, as Bruce said, what we're trying not to give you projections on community count. The timing of when they open, there's lots of variables. But I think that the trajectory is towards the up side. And that's what we've said for the last several quarters
Jeffrey Krasnoff: Thanks, Rick, and good morning, everyone. As he does each quarter, Bruce will shortly be reviewing the details behind our $9.8 million of operating earnings, along with the results for the year and the rest of the company. From an operating standpoint, Rialto's real estate portfolio, securities and investment management businesses continued to be very busy. During the quarter, our Rialto real estate fund, in which the company had both a major investor and the manager, closed on 2 new distressed real estate loan portfolio transactions representing $140 million of unpaid principal balance. But we've also tied up another 8 new loan portfolios, which subject to completion of closing conditions, should add loans with an additional $350 million of unpaid principal balance. We also closed on 2 new-issue commercial mortgage-backed securities transactions and have 2 in the pipeline, representing a total of $320 million of securities, backed by over $5.5 billion of newly underwritten cash flow in commercial real estate loans. All told with the transactions we've already completed and those in our pipeline, we estimate in the next 30 to 60 days the fund will have invested approximately $340 million in equity since its inception late last year, to buy approximately $940 million in assets at a little over a 60% discount to par. As a reminder, in addition to the approximately $450 million of equity it has invested directly before the inception of the fund, the company has committed $75 million to be invested through the fund and has the ability to co-invest in larger transactions. The additional equity commitments that we expect to add in closings in the near future will be adjusting the company's ownership percentage in the approximately $370 million of commitments closed to date. As we've mentioned in the past, we've received fees for pursuing and money managing fund investments and we also earned incentive fees based on the funds performance. Since we last reported to you, along with other fixed income assets classes, RMBS and CMBS have experienced a widening in spreads, thereby increasing yields and reducing pricing. As Bruce will walk through, this had an impact on our mark-to-market this quarter for our investment in our PPIP fund with AllianceBernstein. But it also increased the attractiveness of certain targeted securities. Therefore, for the first time in several quarters, our PPIP fund has called additional capital in order to be prepared for attractive acquisition opportunities. On the operations side, we continue to build an outstanding team of professionals, which has now grown to over 150 associates across the country. Our team is currently evaluating an unusually large pipeline of opportunities primarily from financial institutions, divesting troubled loans that are burdening the balance sheets. Our already in-place managers are today, working out loans, dealing with similar underlying collateral on the same markets and in a number of cases, the same borrowers. If we're able to purchase assets at our pricing, we're positioned to quickly and efficiently bring those assets right into our already in-place workout machine.  And because of a higher percentage of loans made to developers, being able to efficiently incorporate the homebuilding team's unique view and expertise gives us another distinct advantage in our evaluation and maximization of value for these assets. As part of this active collaboration, the Homebuilding divisions have also been able to capture distressed opportunities from the same institutions we've been working with on the portfolios, the mechanism to generate new communities at extremely attractive pricing. Since we started this program, this has led directly to the company's investment of almost $100 million to acquire thousands of extremely well-located homesites for use in the company's Homebuilding operations. We remain very excited about our growing franchise, our current position in the marketplace and the synergies with the rest of the Lennar team. And we look forward to reporting to you on our progress in future quarters.
Jeffrey Krasnoff: Yes. No, I'd say a large percentage then, of what we're looking at are negotiated transactions. And usually when we start going down a path, we typically end up with the deal at the end of the day. It was some give-and-take with the financial institutions. In some cases, we do if we think that it's going to be a very thinly bid transaction. We may bid some transactions and there might be a few of those that don't get done because they don't get done at our price. But for the most part, the supply right now is overwhelming a number of qualified buyers really in the marketplace.
Jeffrey Krasnoff: Well, I think it's all of the above. I think they're getting increased pressure from regulators. I think that they're also -- there is also a lot -- there is also pretty significant fatigue that's set in, in terms of some of the portfolios that they've been trying to work for some period of time. And I think that right now, they're looking at the marketplace and they're looking at the opportunity for buyers like us to be able to dispose of these assets or get them off their books. And I think that all of those dynamics is sort of work together. And on the other side of it, in terms of the -- in terms of the number of investors, there are still relatively few that have the kind of infrastructure that's required to be able to look at large portfolios that cover diverse geographic areas and property types and so on. And as a result, sort of the supply right now, the way we see it, is sort of overwhelmed the demand.
Stuart Miller: So, Dan, with respect to managing the specs, we're matching our sales in our construction pace. This particular quarter, we had about an extra 360 or so homes that we're able to close because they were completed and our strategy is to focus on those homes and keep that count as low as possible. But from the standpoint of what we're starting in construction, and Jon maybe you want to touch on this, we're matching out with our sales base.
Stuart Miller: And at the end of the day, the number of deals that are out there really enables us to be very selective about what we're buying and more importantly, the price at which we are purchasing.
Stuart Miller: Let me just add to that. You asked about pricing assumptions relative to our underwriting. We're buying a variety of types of properties these days. Some of them are shorter term under a land-light kind of concept. In those instances, we are not making pricing assumptions to the upside or downside. We're looking at normal market conditions. We're coming out [Audio Gap] staying very close to the market. We are probably more predisposed more towards move up right now. But in longer-term land positions, we're leaving ourselves a lot of flexibility. I don't think that we can look at current market conditions as a proxy as for where the market is going to go over the next couple of years.
Stuart Miller: At the end of the day, I think that we've set no limits on ourselves as to how far we can drive cycle time down and cost down. We think that there is room for marginal improvement. As volumes go down, everybody through the supply chain is under pressure. And we keep that pressure applied. We recognize that there's going to be some give-back as the market comes back. But while the market has been trending lower, we are looking for participation from the cost side of the equation to keep us in a steady profitable zone. So we think that there will be more movement. We know that there's pressure to the upside. Everybody is trying to make a dollar here. But while the market is moving down, we think that we can make some more improvement.
Stuart Miller: Let's start by thinking about it this way and Jon will add to this. Think of Everything's Included as kind of a 3-tiered program in today's world. It's about an energy program. It's about technologies, modern technologies. And it's about included features. We are fully focused on energy savings as a differentiation mechanism from used and foreclosure homes. That's our biggest competitor. And it's the biggest area of vulnerability for that competitor. New homes offer a better energy program and we're doing everything we can to enhance that and that's pretty much across-the-board. The energy component of Everything's Included is something that -- it might vary somewhat market-to-market based on whether we can do solar in one market or wind loads in Florida and things like that. But we're focused on the energy component. Technology comes down to you wouldn't buy a car with roll-down windows. We want to enhance the technology around our homes to where we're competing with that existing home market, aggressively, by enhancing the technology, today's technology, around homeownership. That means keyless entry doors and switch-less lightning and stuff like that. We think that we can enhance that program and that we're doing market-to-market. The features component of our Everything's Included program is a highly researched, highly market-focused component. And that's the third leg of Everything's Included. And there, we do a lot of product research. We are basically looking to deliver the home that our customer would select if they were going through the selection process. And that means that our people in the field are doing a lot of product research to come up with the end solution for the homebuyer that they would choose if they were choosing it on their own. So we're doing the work for them and that's very locally market-driven.
Stuart Miller: Yes. And it all comes down to market-by-market, what do they want in that home, what would they select on their own? And balancing that with what they can afford and putting that package together in the most dynamic way possible.
Stuart Miller: Well, I'd say first off, I think you hit it right. I mean, we're certainly doing a number of negotiated transactions and a number of them are would sort of repeat, are repeat sort of sellers for us. And that market, it is growing. We're trying to add new people to that program as time expands. And as it relates to the equity, I'd say that -- I mean, we're still full in the market so I can't necessarily give you a lot of information on that other than the fact that we do expect to have continuing closings on commitments with for this fund before closing it up and starting to raise the next line.
Stuart Miller: On a percentage basis, it stayed relatively flat throughout the quarter. And as we've said in prior calls, we use our inventory as a tool and we price to close, to hit the pace of what the operation should achieve. We haven't seen a dramatic change, one way or the other, in post the quarter.
Stuart Miller: We indicated that we have 696 that are completed unsold, which compares to 1,059 last quarter. And what's under construction both sold and unsold is approximately 3,700 versus just under 3,000 last quarter.
Stuart Miller: We don't project that, Rodny, because it's too hard to predict how many communities would be falling off as well. The number will increase because we're finding good opportunities and investing capital. But we don't actually put a prediction out because it's too hard to project that.
Stuart Miller: Well, okay. That kind of takes me a little bit by surprise that you're getting that feedback. I think that the lending standards are pretty tight right now. And even stated standards where you might find that a FICO score of 580 is prescribed, the actual underwriting is probably solving to something in the 620 or 640 range, with conservatism built-in, given the fact that some of the rules are uncertain and some of the hold back requirements and requirements to almost guarantee loans that are being put in programs was out there. It's our experience that there is a lot of pressure to maintain kind of an ultraconservative spend on kind of government-sponsored loans. We think that, that kind of a crimp in the demand that's naturally out there right now. And it seems that over time, there will be a form of loosening of that tightened credit standard. When that will actually take place or how it will be effectuated is something that I don't think anybody can predict right now. But I do think that financing is a big limiting factor for natural normalization of demand right now and it's an opportunity for the housing market as we look ahead. An opportunity for the market to correct.
Stuart Miller: Let me give you the piece that is, I'm going to say, something controlled. We had 108,000 total owned and controlled of which 91,000 was the owned piece during the quarter. And as you're looking at SG&A sequentially, keep in mind that we've been opening at least, I think, it's around 50 communities or so per quarter. And as part of that, we do expense some of the cost of the models and grand openings before you have any deliveries. So there is a piece of that, that goes, but I don't have the exact percentage per se but that's [Audio Gap]
Stuart Miller: Well, here is the way we look at SG&A. We think there is significant operating leverage in SG&A. And the formula that we've put out there is as we open a new community in an existing division, the incremental SG&A percentage attributable to new deliveries in that community is about 7%. So we think as we go forward and we increase deliveries from this recent community openings, there is operating leverage that will reduce the SG&A percentage going forward.  And I think we'll take one more question.
Stuart Miller: Great. Well, thank you everybody for joining us. And we look forward to keeping you posted on our progress and reporting again, next quarter. Thank you.
