Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: Thanks, Jon, and good morning, everyone. Before Bruce reviews the details behind Rialto's $9.4 million of operating earnings for the quarter, along with the results for the rest of the company, there were a few areas that might be helpful to touch on to give a little bit more perspective on what's going on at Rialto. As an integral part of the Lennar story, our focused Rialto team that now includes over 200 strong, continues to push forward the resolution and value add of distressed and advantageously priced real estate assets. Being able to integrate the unique talents and well-coordinated resources of the entire Lennar team has been and continues to be a unique advantage that has positioned Rialto extremely well. Rialto currently has 3 areas from which it derives its revenue and earnings: PPIP, our balance sheet portfolio investments and our fund business. If you recall, Rialto's first investment opportunity was our PPIP fund with AllianceBernstein and the U.S. Treasury. From inception, this $4.6 billion funds mortgage-backed securities portfolio has produced a steady stream of interest income and fees on our $68 million investment that it's been at or above our expectations. And during this past quarter, as the capital markets gained new optimism about the fundamentals behind the home mortgage securities that back the lion's share of our investment portfolio, we saw the mark-to-market on our investment regain about $8.4 million of value that had been marked down in prior quarters. During the quarter, we continued to create value from our second income generator, our balance sheet distressed real estate portfolios. These include our 2 FDIC transactions and our initial bank portfolio investments. In addition to collecting $560 million in cash to date on these portfolios, we have now repositioned over $1.6 billion of loans into owned real estate, which includes developer homes, land and all varieties of commercial properties across the country. Our activities in these investments include adding property improvements, paying legal fees, in some cases, the payment of several years of past-due property taxes, the majority of which are nonrecurring. Because most of these costs are expensed as incurred and revenue is recognized as properties are sold or collections are made from guarantors, in the short run, earnings from this portion of the business will have the tendency to be less predictable. In this area, while our revenues and earnings were less than prior quarters, we remain comfortable we will produce the results we sought when we initially invested in these assets as we carefully manage their dispositions to maximize value. In our third area, our fund business, as we mentioned last quarter, and Stuart mentioned earlier, our current exclusive investment vehicle is the Rialto real estate fund, which now has $700 million of equity commitments from over 2 dozen different investor groups, including $75 million from us. The fund has been able to acquire or tie up over 30 different transactions, and our pipeline of new investments continues to be strong. We've already invested approximately $520 million of fund equity to acquire about $1.5 billion of assets based on unpaid principal balance for about $0.38 on the dollar. About 3/4 of our fund investments so far have been distressed portfolios from regional and community banks, CMBS special servicers and nonbank financial institutions. The bulk of the remaining investments are in new issue CMBS securities with strong current cash flows, where we found attractive pricing unlike any we have seen since the 1990s. And through the end of the quarter, the fund has already collected $65 million from interest, principal and asset resolutions at levels significantly higher and sooner than originally anticipated. Even with the most recent improvements in the capital markets, lenders still remain under both internal and external pressure to dispose of distressed real estate assets as they try to get back into the lending business. In addition, with over $1 trillion of commercial real estate debt coming due in the next 3 years, we expect to continue to see an abundance of opportunities that fit perfectly with our skill set and deep relationships that we have developed with a number of key sellers. As a result, we're currently focusing on bringing out our next investment vehicle. We believe that these and future funds will not only help to enhance the company's returns and add consistent cash flow and earnings, but will also be important building blocks for us to develop a first-class investment management business. These are just a few of the reasons we remain excited about the continued progress of our Rialto franchise, our current position in the marketplace and the synergies with the rest of the Lennar team. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Bruce. Thank you.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: Well, there clearly is a -- this is Jeff. There clearly is a catch-up component to that because when you take title to some of these assets, you do have your prior year taxes that you're going to pay and then there's also improvement cost that you might put in, in order to get the assets ready for sale. So some of that is upfront. Some of that is upfront expense.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: No, not really. But the property tax component, the majority of that does relate to prior year's taxes. So clearly, that's not a recurring piece. But it's a little hard to try to quantify what a run rate is if that's what you're trying to get to.
Jeffrey P. Krasnoff: Yes, I think I -- this is Jeff. I mentioned, I touched on it a little bit in the prepared remarks and the fact that in terms of the pressure, a lot of these lenders want to get back into the lending business, and they still have a lot of these assets that are still overhanging. So we see the distressed side of the business on the opportunistic side continuing for some period of time. But while saying that, we also see sort of a reformation of the capital markets and a lot of the skills that Rialto has developed just is very similar to what we did back in the days of LNR. A lot of those skills apply as the markets come out, and as capital market reform in terms of being a liquidity provider and using those same skill sets in terms of making nonperforming loans perform again or dealing with the underlying real estate. So we see it as a growing opportunity. There's still 3 -- there's still, over the next 3 years, $1 trillion of commercial real estate debt that's going to be coming due. And something's got to be done with all of it.
Bruce E. Gross: Let me take the first part, Ivy, and then I'll turn it over to the operators to talk about your second part of the question. When we talk about significant operating leverage, when we have additional absorption per community, the incremental operating margin goes up considerably. So as you look at our gross margin, if it was flat at 21%, and with our SG&A where it is today at 14.9%, one more sale per community has an incremental SG&A expense of about 4.5%. So the incremental operating margin is approximately 16% as our absorption increases per community. That's where the significant operating leverage is coming from, and that's why we believe our operating margins will continue to grow as volume picks up.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure. As we came out of the end of the year, the feeling was that we needed more discernible evidence that housing was recovering and the feeling was that we needed to give some time to go through the spring to see if that's the case. That was the biggest item. So if the company keeps its performance up and housing recovers through the spring, similar to what we're seeing here in February and March, I think there's a good chance that we'll be able to reverse the DTA as early as the second quarter, but certainly, we believe it will happen within this year.
Bruce E. Gross: Stephen, this is Bruce. We feel very comfortable with our cash position today. The ending cash balance at the end of the year is going to be dependent on the additional opportunities we see with respect to land purchases through the year, what we decide to go forward with or not, as well as whether or not we have a revolving credit facility in place, which we do expect is likely to come soon. So we feel pretty comfortable on the liquidity side and on the debt maturity ladder side, you can expect that we'll continue to push out debt maturities or we'll use cash to pay down upcoming maturities.
Bruce E. Gross: Well, let me just say, Bob, that if you go back over the last decade before the peak, we were used to running our SG&A expenses as a percent of home sales in the 10% range. So once you get back to a normalized, let's say, around 4 per community per month, that's where we would expect to get to as far as our SG&A levels. Now we're not currently at the 4 per month, but that's where we expect to get to.
Bruce E. Gross: It depends on the market. It's hard to tell. The trend is going in the right direction, whether or not we get to a normalized pace by the end of the year, we'll have to wait and see.
Bruce E. Gross: Versus a year ago, there hasn't been much change. It's remained in the low 700s. It's been very consistent over the last year, not much change, and down payment hasn't changed overall for the company average either. It's been very consistent over the last year.
Bruce E. Gross: So if you were to strip out the $2 million, the gross margin was 21.3% versus prior year's pre-impairment was 21.1%. So it was at the high end of the range that we've given, and it's up about 20 basis points over last year, if you were to strip out impairments.
Bruce E. Gross: So first quarter did increase as far as revenue goes, but I think that's at the high end of the expectations that we had. So I wouldn't really view that there were any negatives that came through this quarter.
Bruce E. Gross: Actually, if you look at the statistics I gave this quarter, you did see a decline in terms of the number of homes under construction that are unsold. So we are starting to see that, which is very helpful, because incentives tend to be a little bit lower on homes that are sold before they're started. So this quarter again, there were 1,523 homes under construction that were sold and 2,293 that were unsold. That's a higher percentage of sold homes than we've seen in quite a while.
Stuart A. Miller: Yes, we really highlighted in our remarks that we focused on the quality of communities rather than quantity because that's where we pick up the greatest operating leverage. If we can increase the number of sales per community as a first round of improvement, we're going to start to see some real earnings strength out of that. As to your second question...
Stuart A. Miller: Well, we're not commenting as aggressively on that. We recognize that as prices go up, some of the cost will go up as well. We do think that there will be gross margin improvement as well. But I think that we're going to wait and see how the market evolves for that. But certainly, the net margin benefits more dramatically. As it relates to Everything's Included, we've long believed that our EI platform is an efficient operating platform. But even more so, at the beginning of recovery and as the market remains a more value-oriented market at other times in a market cycle, where there's pricing power and there's the ability to pass on the greater margins in options and extras, I think the 2 platforms compete more favorably. But at this point in the cycle, we think that the Everything's Included platform really affords us the opportunity to keep our overhead carefully in line, to keep our construction costs really at low levels, to deliver the options and upgrades that people are looking for and that they place value on and to keep our pricing structure very value oriented so that it appeals to the greatest number of consumers. And I think that operating strategy is an important component of what's driving our margins right now.
Stuart A. Miller: And additionally, land is harder and harder to replace. We don't want to leave opportunity on the table by selling through quickly land positions that are particularly well located.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, let's see if I can break that down. The 16% incremental margin derives from additional deliveries in existing communities. And so it's where we're growing from 2 sales per month to 3 sales per month, the incremental overhead is very, very small relative to the 15-ish percent that we're running right now. And so we see a tremendous amount of leverage in the growth of sales per community. So certainly, within the community, there wouldn't be an introduction of a different operating platform. But right now, all of our communities in at least some modified way are operating under an EI, Everything's Included platform. And so we wouldn't have a sense of -- or a good sense of what the differentiation or the differential in overhead would be for a design studio or option-based program. And I wouldn't venture that guess. I would also highlight, I don't mean to strike a competitive note here, I think that there are operators out there that can operate a design studio approach. In our world, we think that EI is more efficient.
Stuart A. Miller: But just to add to that, the EI program also does not necessitate a design studio facility. And sometimes, the people overhead associated with that. So it's both on the cost side and the G&A side.
Stuart A. Miller: Just as a kind of reminder, what we said is that the reversal of the DTA was more a question of the macro market than it was focused just on Lennar specific in our case. We've been able to demonstrate profitability for an extended period of time now. The question that still has been an overhang has been that of where is the macro market going? And I think as there is more evidence of stability in the marketplace, the reversal of the DTA will become more certain.
Stuart A. Miller: Additionally, I just want to highlight that I've noted in my comments this morning and before that as we get towards the end of this year, we expect that some of the earlier investments that were made on balance sheet through Rialto will begin to cash flow more consistently. That's beyond the earnings statement, pure cash flow, that cash will start return to corporate. So that really helps our cash position as well.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, Rialto, as we've noted so many times before, is very difficult to put a number on. It's in large part because it is an opportunistic business where we focus on maximizing profitability from the assets that we've purchased. And as markets start to recover, the assets that we currently have accumulate greater value, and we want to carefully manage to maximize the return. So it's a lot of a timing issue, Stephen, and we're just – we're going to avoid giving guidance, but say that we're continuing to be very comfortable with the underwriting that we began with and where Rialto is going.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, that's a tricky question, David. You've seen FHA come out with new standards that are really going in the opposite direction where we think there's going to be some tightening down. So it's going to be a mixed picture. I do think we're going to see some reversion to normalized underwriting standards. It wasn't too long ago that someone that didn't have a 700 FICO score just wasn't going to get an approval. And in today's world, we are seeing approvals with lower FICO scores. Now there are a lot more details that go into all of that. But the movement has been in the direction towards a more normalized underwriting standard. With that said, there will be some tightening at the margin. The market will adjust. I think that the driver today relative to mortgages and demand in general is the fact that the appetite for people to move back into for-sale housing is very strong. And customers are starting to alter their credit landscape, their personal credit landscape and whether it means getting some additional savings for additional down payment, getting a gift from parents to afford additional down payment, cleaning up their credit card balances, improving their credit scores, getting past the 2-year window for a short sale or 3-year for a foreclosure. Whatever it is, people are pushing hard today, harder today to fit within the windows of credit standards and credit standards are getting more towards normal. So it's hard to really say that there's going to be loosening or how it's going to loosen. But it seems that the pressure from the market, together with the lending world's moderation is going to get us to a better demand picture.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, look, we're going to have to let the market unfold a little bit to see how it actually works out, but there are a lot of existing homes on the market right now in secondary locations that are trading at very low prices. There's still a tremendous amount of investor activity in the inner-city and outer city locations that is driving volume of existing home sales. I think that as new homes are developed in and around the pockets of real activity where supply is constrained, new homes will start to regain their footing relative to existing homes. You're right in terms of number, both in terms of number and in terms of pricing, new homes have kind of lagged position relative to existing homes or their historic position relative to existing homes. We think, it feels like that trend is starting to turn a little bit, but we're going to have to give it a little bit of time to see.
Stuart A. Miller: It's kind of a natural phenomenon in the better markets. There are fewer distressed sales to be found nearby, so you're going to have better comps included in the appraisal, and we're definitely seeing less issue with appraisals.
Stuart A. Miller: But with that said, Dan, I think you properly highlight that distress is a depleting opportunity base. And we've recognized that from the beginning. Rialto and its distressed program is a terrific platform on which to build a management team and an operating group that is well prepared to pivot into very different lines of business. You're already seeing that with our entry back into the CMBS business. Within the opportunity fund, we're buying B pieces as we did in the old LNR days. And we're starting to grow new business lines that will take the place of the existing distressed business, but build on the strength of the management team that has been put together in that context.
Stuart A. Miller: Okay. So listen, thanks, everyone, for joining us for our first quarter review. I know we took a little bit more time, but we felt that given the way that the national debt is being reported and some of the questions that you all have voiced, it was worth spending a little bit of extra time. If there are additional questions, of course, you can give us a call. We appreciate your attention. Thank you.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Stephen, it's Jon. That's a good point. It comes in both forms, the ability to increase prices, as well as to reduce incentives. It really varies at this point in the market recovery market by market. We're seeing in some of our markets the ability to have perhaps over 50% of the community to be able achieve one of those advantages and then in other markets they're still in the 10% to 15% range. But strategically, we're trying to implement at least some level of price improvement so that we deliver that message of confidence both internally and externally.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Well, I think if you look at the first quarter, starts off in December, which is impacted by the holidays. And so as I said, we did see that improvement sequentially through the quarter, and so far, March is evidencing consistency with what we saw in February which was...
Jonathan M. Jaffe: As I noted, we believe that with price improvement, our sales price, combined with our purchasing program where we've built in long-lasting value engineered opportunities, that we'll be able to offset that pricing pressure. So we see margins relatively staying in a range as we look forward, 19.5% to 21%, and being able to offset that pressure that you talked about.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon. If the trend continues and we're able to continue to build backlog and what you're saying, we'll start to see more evidence of we'll be able to grow our margins more effectively, greater backlog and less pressure on moving spec inventory quickly.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: I think in most markets, we are seeing a lessening of the issue with appraisals coming in. There tends to be some differences in markets or in type of appraisal. A VA appraisal is different than some of the other ones. But generally speaking, we are seeing an improvement and less issues at the closing.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: This is Jon. It will – as we've said, it will vary community by community. Where land positions are tight, we'll look to obviously maximize price as much as possible and find that balance of a norm absorption of one a week. To having pricing pressure, I think you'll see as the markets continue to recover, we'll have the ability to both improve pricing and absorptions, but we will look at it on a community-by-community basis to be able to maximize our profitability.
Richard Beckwitt: From a strategy standpoint, Steve, we look at each community as a separate profit center, and we know from looking at the market demand, where the lines cross with regard to pushing absorption versus raising prices. In communities where we have a longer land position, we benefit more by increasing the prices, getting the appraisals up because our margins will be better on a long-term basis. So we look at each one individually. Across the board, we have instituted price increases in probably most of the communities or taken incentives down. There's a handful of ones that are still a little bit challenged from a price standpoint, but we will be aggressively moving prices, particularly because it allows us to pull people off of the fence.
Richard Beckwitt: The main benefit, Steve, from an EI platform really comes through the cost side. We can negotiate better costs on the materials. There's increased cycle time with regarding delivery. There's less mistakes from the trade standpoint in putting the options or upgrades in the wrong location in the home. So it's speed of delivery and the cost of having that asset for the time period that it's on your books.
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, both sequentially and year-over-year on a month-to-month basis, we saw improvement throughout the quarter with February being the strongest month of the quarter. And I think what Jon was trying to highlight is we're seeing similar strength in the stub period so far in March with the strength of the quarter that we had.
Richard Beckwitt: It depends on the deal. Clearly, the deals that are option oriented, finished home site, the margins are less in those opportunities. To the extent that we're doing transactions that incorporate bond purchases and things that are more complicated, we're still seeing great margins in those opportunities.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, it's a very interesting question because at some point in the cycle, we're going to come across some of the communities where you can buy the asset, still at a price that's lower than what the infrastructure cost is on that's put into that community. But they just don't pencil out yet today. The thing to keep in mind as you look at our land purchases, and this may be different for some of the competitors out there, is the pipeline of activity that we've had, as I highlighted today, these deals that came on in the first quarter were really priced and brought on 2 years ago. So this 3,500, 4,500 homesites of things that really came on in Q1 were priced a long time ago. So were going to get the benefit of that gross margin differential for a while. As we look forward, depending on what is happening in the sales environment and price appreciation, which will come as there's more and more activity and homebuyers are out there, we think it'll get to be more of a normalized land environment where you can make a good building margin and you make your margin, extra margin when you do some development.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, we feel that a well-balanced program between both buyer groups is the way to really be because there's going to be constant movement from first to second, and what we're really focused on is finding the right communities for the people that are buying homes, whether it's first or second. There's no question that there is pent-up demand on the first-time buyer program. But you got to be really careful to make sure that you're positioning your product in the right locations and have it priced at a point where they can qualify for those loans.
