Jonathan Jaffe: Thanks Rick. Today, I'm going to give an update on synergies, direct construction costs along with our production first operating platform and our SG&A leverage. First, we remain on track to achieve our prior guidance for 2019 of $380 million for merger synergies with 265 million of this from direct construction cost savings and 115 million from corporate and SG&A savings. Next, I want to give some perspective on what we are accomplishing with our production first focus, what many of you refer to as pace over price. We've discussed for several quarters our goal of becoming the builder of choice for the construction trades. We articulated a program where we would utilize our significant size and scale in each market to forge new working relationships with our trade partners. We've made the effort to work hand in hand with our trade partners to better understand how together we can maximize efficiencies that improve the bottom line profitability for our trade partners while lowering our construction costs and improving cycle time. Simply put, we've been on a mission to be the low cost preferred builder for the trades so they can in turn share these benefits back with us. We're beginning to see the anticipated results from these efforts sequentially for the first quarter over the fourth quarter. We had a very small increase of just 0.6% in our average construction cost per square foot. This is meaningful as the industry still faces a headwind of the ongoing labor crisis, which puts pressure on labor costs along with material cost pressures that comes from tariffs, factory labor shortages, stricter energy codes and all without the benefit of the lower lumber cost which will materialize later in the year. As we highlighted last quarter, we are focused on our production machine, delivering to the trades even slow starts and delivery throughout the year. We presented this plans to trades in all of our divisions and delivered on the plan on Q1 by guarding the homes we committed to. As Rick noted, we have to deal with some extreme wet weather conditions that interfered with the goal of evenly, spreading our production, but we still delivered on the commitments to start the homes we set to work. Many of our trade partners that we stood out and maintaining our start during fourth and first quarter while many of our peers pulled back on and start to sales slowed during this time. The combination of working with trade to strategic partners, our commitment to even slow production and simplicity of everything included, all work to create an environment with more and more trades are concluding at Lennar their builder of choice. With our combined size and scale we’re able to leverage our SG&A turn offline, first quarter low 9.5%. A big contributor to this improvement is our continued focus on the sales process which has reduced our average realtor commission down to 2.27% in Q1, an improvement of 26 basis points year-over-year and 12 basis points sequentially from Q4. This reduction in cost is a result of our efforts to reach our customers early in the process to our digital general marketing campaigns. We had over 190,000 total internet leads in Q1 a year-over-year increase of 32%. In internet leads someone who specifically requests the information from us. These leads are extended to immediately buy one of our internet sales consultants who are based in each one of our divisions. Their responsibility is to help the customers decide which community is right for them and then set an appointment for the customer to visit that community and follow up with the customer to remind there another appointment or to reschedule as needed. This produces a high quantity of high quality leads for our community-based new home consultants and on a scheduled appointment basis. I will conclude by noting the plan will improve our net operating margin, free cash flow and return on capital is proving now. Its execution is built on four pillars, one our builder choice production first operational platform which drives cost down. Two, our just in time selling platform driven by our dynamic pricing model which allows us to, obviously, price to current market conditions; three, a technology driven efficiently levered overhead structure; and four, our everything included platform that simplifies the homebuilding process while providing great value to the home buyer. I would now like to turn it over to Diane.
Jonathan Jaffe: And particularly in California, we saw in the first quarter the same pattern Rick described nationally, which was each month sequentially we've saw an improvement in traffic and the quality of that traffic and in sales. And we saw, what we expected which should be a recovery for us in the more affordable California markets of the Central Valley and Sacramento, and a slightly slower recovery in the more expensive coastal market Bay Area, Orange County and San Diego.
Jonathan Jaffe: So, it sounds like the trends in the margins or the margins in the backlog are stabilizing and/or improving. I'm just wondering, is that a function of any changes in the product mix you're making? Or is that the expectation of reduced incentives going forward that would affect the rest of 2019? And are there other tailwinds in the margins that whether it’s lumber, labor or production synergies you could quantify.
Jonathan Jaffe: Sure. For the most part we -- this was the very market-by-market approach that Lennar takes with this product. So we will have some markets where we have taken square footage down San Antonio, Texas, as an example, and we will have other markets where the land basis really doesn’t allow for that to happen on the other end of the extreme in Orange County, California, where square footage hasn’t reduced and price points remain at a higher overall level. Our big focus, as you've heard from all three of us, has been on how do we really moderate our cost structure, so that at whatever price we're trying to target whether it’s entry level first time move up, second time move up buyer, we can be price affordably in the marketplace against the competition, against the resale market as a value to that consumer. So laser focused on efficient production program to really keep the price points down recognizing that affordability at each price point is an issue and we got to be very responsive to that.
Jonathan Jaffe: Just to follow up on the point that Rick made, Everything's Included platform really allows us to deliver a better value to the customer because they're getting more included features without having to pay extra for it. A good example of that I was just chatting this morning with our folks in Indianapolis, through the regional president, and there they've gone from a complete CalAtlantic division and our presence there to converting their product to Everything's Included. And what they are finding is, with the offering -- the value offering of Everything’s Included their sales pace is picking up in the same communities with the same product, so that product offered at lower price, more value features included and no options available to the customer. So that allows us also address the issue of affordability.
Jonathan Jaffe: Just that I would make the same point. As you look at, for us projected sales pace for Q2 of ‘19 is actually right on top of the sales pace that we had in Q2 of ‘18. So it’s just community count that’s driving the result that you’re highlighting but we feel very good about our position given that we’re projecting a sales pace that’s equivalent with last year. 
Jonathan Jaffe: We have a natural increase as we moved through the year. We’re, as I mentioned and we all mentioned, trying to level that out throughout the year but we still haven't increased in starts as we move from first quarter to second, into third, so our second and third quarter are our largest for starts. Third and fourth will still be our largest for deliveries, but even this year that's beginning to moderate up compared to prior years.
Jonathan Jaffe: Just yesterday we opened our 18th market with Opendoor in Austin, Texas. And as Stuart noted, it's been a great learning process as we have jointly with Opendoor, presented to our operating division, to our sales team the Opendoor platform. Our divisions eagerly await the opening of that in their market and we're finding lessons learned in process towards each opening, execution is better and better than the prior one. We have some of our first division has reached a activity level of 20 transactions a month, that's in Phoenix, and we're seeing as I said just better and better execution. So we're very excited about that. We view it as incremental buyers. It reduces our cancellation rate as it’s a solution to our buyers that have home to sell and it also helps lower our growth spend that buyer very often will reach earlier in the process and they don’t have a broker yet, so they are not involved in the equation. So as Stuart said, we’re extremely enthusiastic about the program. We got a great working relationship with the management team there. We are working hand-in-hand to learn from each other. We learn technology from them, they learn operations and real estate from us, and we’re both improving from that. 
Jonathan Jaffe: And with respect to California, Michael, we definitely are consistent with what I said earlier in the more affordable market Central Valley, Sacramento, the incentives are proportionally lower than they are on the coastal markets, and then all those markets, particularly the central markets, we did see lessening incentives towards the end of the first quarter and the coastal markets, let’s say, just as Rick was saying that we use those incentives to generate the sales pace improvement in those markets. 
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, this is Rick. As I said in my comments, we saw sequential increases each month, each quarter by in every division that we have. From that an overall standpoint, we started in the December month with a negative comparison year-over-year, and got finally to in February a positive variance that netted to our 4% down for the quarter. You saw increases in absorption pace months-to-months in months throughout the quarter, and that was pretty much across every market that we saw.
Richard Beckwitt: So, I will start out with the backlog and Diane’s guidance with regard to Q2. The sales that we generated in the first quarter and some of the sales that we generated in the fourth quarter that will close in our second quarter are affected by some of the incentives that we use to move our inventory. As we said, we are focused on our production model and really geared towards net operating margins, but some of those sales will have a higher incentive in them and as a result have a lower gross margin. As we look through the year, we’re optimistic that will be able to get to a point where we have to offer less incentives to keep that production pace up. We’re just beginning the heart of sales season now and we will have to see how the year goes.
Richard Beckwitt: And Steve, just one another point on that, as we said in Q4, we didn't see a qualification issue with regard to people when they locked in at the home they could afford. And it was just really a mismatch between buyer expectation and what products they could buy. And now, that has been reset and so I'd like rebooting a computer. And that's why, Stuart, gotten to the point where we got positive were back in action here.
Richard Beckwitt: We weren’t particularly surprised with the timing or the announcement. This has been something that’s been rumbling for a while. And -- but, as I said the net impact to us is de minimis. 
Richard Beckwitt: Yes, so just to get to the second point -- portion of your question with regard to product adjustments, we are very laser focused on what features we should include in our Everything's Included product to capture the best value and provide the best -- best margin for us and provide the best value for our customers. So we look at footprints, we look at included features, we make adjustments, we have regional opportunities going on right now. So we're very focused on that. From a footprint basis in parts of Texas and some of the Carolinas you’ll see that we're starting to deliver a little bit smaller home. And if you look at just general pricing, on our sales for the last quarter, we were flat year-over-year with regard to ASP, some of that is mix, but some of that is just lower prices on a year-over-year basis. Our backlog year-over-year is down about -- average price and backlog is down about 6%. So that gives you a true look at some of the pricing adjustments that we have made. But as Jon and Diane said, shouldn’t really impact our margin going forward.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, maybe I'll take a crack at it. I think we’re one of the only companies right now -- the only company that’s given full year guidance. And we really do not like to get over our SKUs and get into years outside of the current fiscal year.
Richard Beckwitt: Jon, let me start off. Some of that is just a function of we’ve got a bunch of communities closing out this quarter and we have communities that will get back on track, but it is really late in the quarter. So you’re seeing a reflection of the number of sales opportunities we have for community count. And Jon, I’ll further to you now. 
Richard Beckwitt: Well, throughout the quarter as I said, we continue to incentivize in order to move our completed product. And this is something we're going to continue to do in each period as we priced our inventory to market using our dynamic pricing model. We believe that as we moved into Q2 and to Q3 the level of incentives is going to start to dissipate, and we’ve started to see that through conversations that we've had with homeowners as we moved through the quarter. 
Richard Beckwitt: So it’s Rick, Stephen. As I mentioned last quarter, the deals that we brought into place, the three deals catapulted us to about a 30% control position and we expect that over the next 18 months will be north of 40% based on the arrangements that we’ve got in place. This is -- it’s a program -- just sort of getting back to that last question, what’s the biggest mover with regard to where we can enhance our return on equity, it’s moving to an asset light program that Stuart really identified our pivot going back two or three years ago. So we are going to continue this on. You will see a higher concentration of deliveries coming from vehicles like this. And as I said last quarter given the type of arrangement that we have in our right to purchase from these things without a contract, you may not necessarily see them directly in our controlled owned count because of the way that they are structured. And as far as the markets, we’ve expanded them to other parts of the Southeast. Let’s just leave it there. 
Richard Beckwitt: Yes. So really by the time we get into Q3, first month of Q3 you'll start to see a flat year-over-year community count. We had a double whammy come in this last quarter. We had a bunch of communities closing out where just because we had a good programs going on with regard to sales activity and we had about 30 communities that were delayed because of the weather did get us going. So we will start to see a more normalized year-over-year comparison as we get into Q3. And as we said, we plan to grow community count as we move forward in the market.
Richard Beckwitt: As we’ve said in the past, we think that we want to grow our business about a minimum of 3% to 5% to 7% with regard to unit activity. Some of that will be associated with a little bit higher absorption since the market recovers on a community-by-community basis but some of that is going to be tied to incremental community growth. But really our zip code is 5% to7% for the next year or a year or two. 
Stuart Miller: So, let me go back to my comments, Steve, and highlight that both last quarter and this quarter, I have talked about this natural pause in terms of two components. An accelerated rate of increase in ASP which we have seen for a number of quarters together with a very rapid increase in interest rates, and the reason I articulated it last quarter and even in the third quarter, as the beginning to the natural pause at that time is the rate at which sales prices had been moving up was outside of a normal rate. And when you layered on top of that a very quick sticker shock approach to interest rates moving up, it just created a miss match between buyers need and buyers expectation, and I felt that it was a natural sticker shock that came from the rapidity with which rates and ASP were moving. So when I think about things today, we've seen moderation on both fronts as articulated, both on the price depreciation, we have seen price depreciation, certainly slow down. I said I used the word stall and even pull back in my comments. And we have seen that in various markets we have seen, price depreciation really pull back quite a bit in response to demand subsiding. But additionally layering on top of that we've seen a serious reduction in interest rates. And the combination of the two has really brought the market back kind of into what I think of as equilibrium. The economy has continued to be fairly strong. Unemployment has been low. We've seen wages increasing. We've seen participation rate increasing and that reflects itself in more dual income families. And so these are the things that we’re seeing at our welcome home centers, as people come to visit with us, that interest rates together with average sales price, together with general economy moving in the right direction has really set a stage of stability right now in terms of the market moving forward. Now against that back drop, remember that home production, the production deficit that I keep referencing, we still haven't seen home production yet to what most people still think is a normalized 1.5 million homes per year. We have been decidedly well below that number for a very long period of time. And so, we still have a housing shortage, people need a place to live, affordability has been tested, that affordability test has been pulled back. And so, we kind of look forward and think that the market looks pretty good.  As to your question about 4.5% rate is that some kind of an inflection point, I think it has more to do with the rapidity at which rate, interest rate moves together with average sales price alongside of an improving economy. And I think that what we saw in the third quarter and fourth quarter was it just happened too quickly and created sticker shock.
Stuart Miller: Well, let me start with the ASP question and by the way we're noting that you squeezed two questions into one. So as it relates to ASP, ASP's have been moving up in part because of short supply and in part because the cost structures have been moving up as we've seen that even more at the lower end. It's very difficult to produce affordable housing at lower prices, given land costs and production costs. But there has been a pause in ASP at all price points that was generated by both interest rates and an accelerated increase in price. And I think this is exactly why you've seen us shift and focus so dramatically to size and scale in local market, using size and scale to recalibrate both our building partner program, our Builder of Choice program to moderate the acceleration of construction costs and as well our laser focus on technology and recalibrating our SG&A because we recognize that affordability is going to be tested if prices keep getting driven up by the cost structure and we've got to do some things to offset that. And we've working really hard at that. So I think you're seeing that prices are going to have some caps to them defined by affordability and the challenge for the building community is going to be the rationalized cost both at the SG&A level and the cost structure level to accommodate what is likely to be slower price increases. And you’ve seen that yesterday in Case-Shiller the acceleration of price increases is lower and I think that that’s a little bit behind the curve, we’re still going to see that come down. I think that’s going to be more the wave of the future. And as it relates to FHA, I’m going to let Rick go ahead and hit that. 
Stuart Miller: Okay, we’re going to wrap it up there. I want to say that I appreciate everybody joining and let me just circle back to where we started and that is we highlighted that we felt that the home building market had entered a pause in third and fourth quarter. We found evidence of stabilization in the first as we migrated to our first quarter. We look forward to checking back and giving an update on how we’re going from here. But with that said, we are optimistic that the housing market has found a firm ground and is ready to move forward. Thank you for joining. We’ll speak to you next quarter. 
