Jon Jaffe: I would echo what Rick said. There are some isolated cases where competitive incentives are kicked in and particularly if you look at Phoenix or Las Vegas, but we’re well positioned. And we’re focused on really margin over maintaining a pace where there might be those incentives. In the most part, the west has been relatively light in incentives because it’s so land constrained. If you look at the west, it hovers around 3% as compared to the company average of just over 6%. And we feel that we’re very well positioned as we move forward with our community locations, product type. And as well, I would add our EI platform gives us a differentiation that allows us to, I think hold our prices more stable. With respect to the growth in leveraging our -- the way we structured our divisions, I think we learned a lot during the downturn and are very well positioned to be able to leverage that and continue to grow our community count with adding very little in the way of division management. We’ll clearly add out in the field in construction and sales as we add community count. But we see the need to add very little in terms of additional operational groups to be able to grow year-over-year effectively.
Jon Jaffe: Sure. Hi, Eli. In California and West, in general, we’ve got out early and aggressive as we talked about on prior calls with our land acquisition strategy and positioned our ourselves for strong community count growth year-over-year, ‘13 over ‘12, ‘14 over ‘13. And what we said today, we are well positioned into ‘15, ‘16 and even into 2017. So it’s really been that strategy of getting out in all the primary markets in California, acquiring some flagship communities to have a stable presence in a lot of the markets as and then adding on to that and position ourselves for significant kind of growth that you’ve seen. So enable us to increase our sales activity 45% in the west and sales price up 37% and that’s on that community count growth of 47%. And we see that growth, I’m not saying at the high level community count but significant as we move forward.
Jon Jaffe: Sure. We’re definitely seeing more demand from the Chinese buyer and offshore buyer. But you have to really break it down into its bucket, Steve. It’s -- you have those that are U.S. residents and then you have foreign nationals. And I’d say that the mix has changed over last year, what we’re currently seeing. You probably have a little bit more weighting towards the foreign national buyer that’s coming in, either all cash or 50% down. We really haven’t seen any change in the demand from that buyer because of currency activity. It’s stayed pretty healthy and you tend to see it in certain markets. So at San Francisco, in Irvine, L.A., are very strong markets for that buyer profile. And we do selective marketing to that buyer profile for those markets, but we don’t do it for the markets that aren’t as popular for that profile.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. I think that we’re seeing as the recovery matures, the labor force is getting more and more comfortable with hiring and acquiring equipment. So the labor force we feel is catching up. I wouldn’t say it’s caught up yet but we’re not seeing as much pressure as we saw before and that’s why we described that’s been easing. We will still overall costs go up. As Stuart mentioned, certain material categories are going up. Lumber has gone up slightly in the fourth quarter and first quarter. We’d expect lumber to go up a little bit more in the second quarter. So I think you’ll see a moderation of the year-over-year cost increase but think it’d probably be sequentially based on what’s already in our system, 3% to 4% higher in our Q2 deliveries over Q1. I mean, that’s slowly coming down sequentially and year-over-year.
Jon Jaffe: Yeah, it’s very market specific. So if you look at Phoenix, it definitely has flattened in that kind of market. But in Coastal California, it continues to be very heated and increases. But as Rick said, we are really well positioned with what we need for next couple of years. So, we tend to be looking at either the short-term, quicker turns or more of an entitlement play where we can patrol land for the future and still have healthy margins.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah. And just to add to that, Ivy, from an organizational standpoint, keep in mind, we at the peak of the market were running this thing with nine regions. We’ve got four today. We had 100 plus operating divisions. And while we’re at 30, as some of the markets get a little bit bigger, let’s just use South Florida. We’re probably going to split South Florida into two pieces because it’s gotten so large. But given the fact that we’ve structured this pretty efficiently with product strategy and where things are getting purchased from a regional standpoint. We think we can keep the overhead real well in control and get some operating leverage.
Rick Beckwitt: And with regard to Southeast Florida, that’s really been a conscious effort on our part. We did not want sales to get ahead of us. This is a very strong market here. We’ve been very focused on pricing. We saw during the quarter we were up about 9% in South Florida on pricing. A little bit of it had an impact with regard to the timing of some grand openings that we had last year, particularly in the Doral area, but we are very comfortable with the strategy that we’re executing here. It’s tough, the market that has perhaps the highest margins that we have in the country. We’ve got great land assets and we want to make sure we don’t build through them too quick and building up backlog if we can’t deliver them doesn’t make a lot of sense for us, so we slowed it down.
Rick Beckwitt: Steve, its Rick. I don’t think we’re there quite yet, but it’s coming pretty fast. We were a little bit delaying on the quarter because we had some weather impacts. New community openings, as Bruce highlighted, starts were a little bit impacted by 100 to 150 starts over the quarter. So it’s going to queue up as we move through the year. But as we said earlier, with regard to the restructuring that was done in the business and our focus on moving towards incremental volume and absorptions in these communities, we think that you’ll see the leverage. When it comes through it’s, probably, you are not going to see it, you will see sequential improvement as you’ve seen in prior years, but just give us a little bit of time and you will reach the benefit from that.
Rick Beckwitt: On the land side, Steve, its Rick. As we said in prior quarters when this question has been brought up, we’ve been focused on securing land positions that are right for this type of buyer. Price point needs to be low. Volumes need to be high, because you’re making a small amount per copy when you’re closing the home. So in order to be in this business, you need to structure as a volume-oriented business because it’s generally skinnier gross margins but rapid pace.
Rick Beckwitt: Since we benefit from the fact as that we’ve secured the lion share of our deliveries for ‘14 and ‘15 gives us an opportunity to tap out there and tie-up some pieces of properties, so when this buyer comes out, we’re positioned for it and that’s exactly what we’ve done.
Rick Beckwitt: This is Rick. This is something that we’ve already started pursuing and that I think are starting against now.
Stuart Miller: And let me add one more point here. And that is, as we went through the downturn, we consolidated divisions in a number of ways. We combined some geographies. Some of those geographies will be unbound, but we were also running two platforms in almost every market. We were running an Everything’s Included in a designed studio platform across the country. And it was really a pretty inefficient way of running, but hard to unwind while the market was ceded. The downturn in the market really enabled us to unify under a single platform. We today have a well crafted EI program that has adapted to each local market. Rick and Jon work together and across our platform to really carefully craft the strategy as a one division market strategy for each unique geography and that marketing platform is very efficient today. So, while there will be some unwinding of some of the geographic doubling up, it will be minor in comparison to the efficiencies that we’ve created by operating under a singular platform that’s really carefully crafted for each market.
Stuart Miller: Well, it’s a good question. And let me say first of all that the industry is not just working on and getting in front of Mel Watt, but all of the participants in the discussion both in Congress and the Administration and making sure that we are heard and that the pitfalls of rapid change is not carefully thought out that doesn’t properly regard the plumbing system that’s in place should be of great concern. So when I say the industry, I mean, I’m included in that, but most of the CEOs are working together within the industry to make sure that the industry’s voices heard. So what are we doing other than trying to make sure that our voices are heard? I think a lot of the same things that investors and analysts and others are doing and that is we’re going to have to wait and see what actually does shake out. I know that we’ve seen some initial readings from the Senate, I guess Finance Committee or Banking Committee that has already approved GSE reform in a sense, but it’s a long way until those reforms are adopted by both houses of Congress and actually move forward. A lot of people think that there might not be much movement this year and maybe not for a couple of years. We will have to wait and see. What we have seen though in the field is that the margins credit has been reverting to more normalized levels in the very slow kind of orderly fashion. I will say that mortgage approval and tight money is a constraint to opening up demand and bringing demand to the marketplace, but at the margins and over time, I think we are seeing that reversion to normal. So you kind of have to sit back and rely on the fact that let the Administration and Congress understand how vital housing is to economic recovery and rely on the fact they probably won’t do something that materially alters the landscape and we will continue to see that reversion to normal as we go forward. That’s kind of how we’re thinking about it and incorporating that thinking into our business strategy.
Stuart Miller: Yes. So Mike, we haven’t gone through the monthly absorption rate. What we did highlight is that we did progress favorably through the quarter. We were pleased as we got into February, but we didn’t get to the specific absorption rates month by month, but we are optimistic with what we are seeing with traffic, traffic improved throughout the quarter as well. Again, that’s a drill down into the numbers exactly. We felt like this is a normal progression through our first quarter going into the spring. We haven’t commented on March. We typically don’t do the intra-quarter commentary, but this is a normal progression that we would expect going into the spring selling season and wait and see what happens for the next three months.
Stuart Miller: Just to add to that, let me say, as we look ahead to 2015 and ‘16, Mike, we’ve articulated in prior conference calls that we are thinking about volumes. Remember that this recovery has been somewhat different than prior recovery in that it is -- we’ve led this recovery with price increase recovery as opposed to volume recovery. But as we go forward, we suspect that we are going to see volumes increase and it’s altogether possible, but as volumes increase, we will add shorter term, more retail-oriented positions to our land portfolio. And as we do that that could alter the landscape of margins going forward, that is gross margins in favor of operating margins as we leverage our platform. So we are not going to look too far ahead. Right now, we have a great deal of confidence in our margin composition and where we are going in ‘14 and into ‘15, but that can -- the complexion of that can change and be altered a little bit if we decide to pick up volume by adding some community count. So we don’t really want to give a firm projection, but do want to highlight that we have excellent land positions to carry us into next year.
Stuart Miller: Well, as I noted, Steve, these businesses are maturing and maturing right on track. When you look at the apartment business, you’re really starting to see a business that is defining the kind of a recurring program though we’re not quite there yet. Right now, we have two communities that are completed, two communities that are partially completed and 11 that are under construction. As we look ahead, we’re pretty confident that we’ll start construction on another seven or so this year and maybe even more. As we start to develop kind of a monthly tracking mechanism and a way of thinking about how long it’s going to take to actually put something online, take it offline and monetize. That’s when we’re going to start to be able to bring visibility to you as the business matures. And more importantly, start to think about what kind of monetization program might be most efficient in creating shareholder value. Likewise, Rialto is starting to present itself in a more normalized way. We highlighted three business segments, it’s actually really two. The first business segment is the liquidation of our legacy assets. The other two businesses are really starting to perk up and present. The asset management business is really fortifying itself with assets invested that are starting to generate real returns and perhaps, more importantly, promote that is not realized and as that starts to get realized, the maturity of that business will present itself alongside of our math, which is our make loans and securitize business, which is basically a fee business based on volume. So over the next year or two we’ll really start to see some visibility come out of those businesses and that visibility will be a stepping stone to getting to some form of monetization.
Stuart Miller: Let me just add to that for a second and say that, operating leverage is going to come in a couple of forms, but not just the efficiencies that you’ve already seen but the efficiencies that we continue to be focused on. We highlighted our digital platform in a small way in our opening remarks. The migration from conventional marketing and advertising to a more digital platform is something that we still think is in its infancy and our business and offers an opportunity to further enhance the operating leverage that we can have by bringing some new systems and programs to our regular platform. So, I think that, I think, we’re quickly getting to some of the efficiencies that are embedded in what we’ve done. But I think over the next few years, there is opportunity, not just for us, but for others in the industry to really enhance efficiencies by changing the way that we operate our business.
Stuart Miller: I would just add to what, Rick said that, we’re also working with the buyers that are first-time buyers and sitting down with them and helping them from a credit counseling perspective. So that we’re helping them to prepare to be able to qualify for a mortgage as that first time market comes back.
Stuart Miller: Sure, Jade. Right now in total, we have over 90% of our origination or purchase originations. But we have a retail platform called Eagle Mortgage and it was heavily focused geographically on the West part of the country. We are looking to open branches and expand that from the West Coast of the country across to the East Coast and expand that platform. So focusing primarily on purchase business, but leveraging our back office and our systems to get more operating leverage on that platform. So this will be a slow methodical growth program over the next several years.
Stuart Miller: And I think we’ve also heard some of the banks articulate that they’re going to rethink the subprime market and start looking at the other avenues through opening up lending channels.
Stuart Miller: Sure. As you know, on the regulatory side, the increased costs, we had already put those in place over the last year or so with respect to more quality control. So that’s been embedded in our program. We haven’t seen additional scrutiny. We follow the right procedures. I think some of the scrutiny you might be referring to has also been on the servicing side with some companies that have bought large servicing portfolios. But our program is a methodical program following the same procedures we do on the purchase side. So, we’re not expecting to be in a position that there’s going to be scrutiny on the retail side. We have a great group of associates with Eagle Mortgage. We are looking to leverage which worked well for many years for us. So, we’re not expecting any issues there.
Stuart Miller: Very good. Well, that wraps it up for today. Very happy to report our results for the first quarter and look forward to circling back and reporting on our progress throughout the year. Thank you for joining us and we will speak soon. Bye-bye.
Bruce Gross: Okay. So let me start with the first part of that question. In the first quarter, just a reminder, we had the benefits from the legal settlement. So excluding that, we’re at 24.6%. We expect Q2 and Q3 to be a little bit higher and therefore, it would likely be below the 25.1%, if you included the legal settlement and then the fourth quarter would likely be higher. So look at the 25% without the legal settlement included. And then for the second part of the question, we haven’t given any guidance to next year yet, but we do feel really good about the land. As Stuart said earlier, we do have locked and loaded the land for this year, next year. We feel very comfortable with the efficiencies we have in the business. So there is no reason to think that there is a going to be a falloff in the margins at this point. We will continue to update as we go through the year, but we are very encouraged and enthusiastic, as we think ahead into next year.
Bruce Gross: I’m not going to talk about what the competition is doing because I don’t think that’s particularly relevant to what our investor base is interested in. What I will tell you is that we have made conscious effort to address this as a potential augmented business as the market recovers. Right now, the financing is a little bit tough. There is down payment issues with this type of buyer. But given the demographics and what we know about the market, this market is going to come back. I think that’s why Stuart foreshadowed earlier in the call that our margins maybe impacted a bit as we pursue a more volume-oriented approach as we capture and expand the business. So we are very focused on it.
Bruce Gross: It’s something that will come, but there has got to be a conscious effort to both tie up the land, build a program and run a business that’s a little bit different than the core business.
Bruce Gross: Sure. And additionally things like the mortgage insurance market coming back, we now have close to 40% of our conventional loan that’s getting mortgage insurance. So they’re putting down 20% of the tune of that 40%. So all of these things are small steps, but we are seeing it directionally heading in the right direction. I don’t think you’re going to necessarily see a fixed spike up, but all these things are helping on the margins. We have seen some of the overlays, as Stuart said, have eliminated. We are seeing some of the people coming out of the short sale and foreclosure time expiration period. So the trend is positive with a lot of small steps.
Bruce Gross: Right. They’re going to look to replace that revenue. They lost the refinance volume like everybody else and they were looking to replace that. And they’re eliminating the overlays that were put in place both with FICO scores coming down as well as some of the conditions to be able to get loans.
