Jon Jaffe: Sure. This is Jon. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, lumber rates is the biggest mover on the cost side of the equation and we’ll see in Q2 more of its impact from lumber prices as they were striking like October of 2020.  And so, I said we have about a $2300 per home increase in our lumber cost in Q1 that will go up by another $4,000, $5,000 per home as we move into Q2 and then, in Q3 and Q4 we will see a repeat of that pattern as lumber prices move higher in the recent months before what we hope would be an expected leveling off.  So, as all that had mentioned, we’ve got significant pricing power that’s overcoming that big needle mover of the lumber cost increases that’s just the reflection of where the lumber market is, not something that any of us can do anything about until that the market itself corrects. And then, as I mentioned, we are seeing other cost increases, other categories there is supply constraints and increased demand. So natural supply and demand is occurring in the supply chain. 
Jon Jaffe: Yes. That perhaps the fine tuning of what we’ve always done has been to further define the risk buckets associated with land. So if you think about the least risky component that’s the land in which we are building homes on and that’s going to be financed at the low cost of capital and primarily our cash on hand and revolver.  And then, if you look at the next bucket that you call the land that is more like whip the day they come into that production assembly line, that’s say zero to four year ago, that is properly structured relatively very low risk and should attract a cost of capital that is also very low and separated from a mid-term bucket of land which is historically looked for high teens to 20% kind of returns from an investment standpoint.  And by properly structuring and really reducing the significant portion of risk associated with that middle bucket, we are able to create, as Rick said, a more of a systemic approach and that a significant size and scale to it allowing to a one stop facility to be able to make it very easy to transact and to really position land to be derisked. 
Jon Jaffe: Look, it’s Jon here. I’d say that we are seeing consistent demand across our platforms. So, it’s – you still have tremendous drive for the more affordable homes as people come out of apartments and are able to access home ownership for the first time driven in a large part as we discussed by historically low interest rates.  But we see it throughout to our next-gen, probably as you mentioned which is a phenomenal solution for those looking for a home that’s better suited for working at home, playing at home, educating at home, as well as the need for multi-generational families as America continues to age. We are seeing continued demand or new demand in our active go product line.  But if you look at our square footage, which is average at first quarter about 2300 square feet per home, it’s really maintained a very constant level. So, even though we have had a shift towards more first-time affordable product in our overall mix and you can see the impact of the demand for larger homes really balancing out our average square footage across the entire platform. 
Jon Jaffe: That’s about is we have an intense focus because of our production first strategy to looking for land that fits existing product that we build. So we can maximize the release of products which really great efficiencies throughout the system as you could imagine for us internally and all of our trade partners. 
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. I think that Stuart and Jon have covered it, I view this as – would bump overall year guidance by 125 basis points. So, we feel that that’s a really big increase from a quarter. 
Rick Beckwitt: So, as Jon said in his commentary, we could have sales whatever we wanted, the market is extremely strong in all price and product categories and what we’ve really been focused on is matching starts with sales and making sure that we are maximizing our bottom-line through operating efficiencies.  And we’ve looked at what some of the other builders have done in selling so far out ahead and without the ability to match a price increase to cover up cost that may be potentially command it just doesn’t make business sense for us. So we are sticking to our plan and feel very good about what we’ve laid out for you. 
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, and consistent with Stuart’s comments on technology and visibility, this business allows the venture to have complete visibility across our pipeline to make it very seamless for them to transact with Lennar. So, it’s …
Rick Beckwitt: And maybe in addition to what Jon said, consistent as to what we’ve said in prior calls, we are very focused on expanding our entry level market share. And that’s what’s been driving our sales prices down on a consolidated basis, notwithstanding the fact that we are seeing pricing power in that segment. We are really focused on higher returns, higher volume in our entry-level and first time move up communities. 
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. So, from an underwriting standpoint, we are pretty much consistent with where we’ve been in prior time periods with the exception of coming out of the downturn where there was a lot of distress out there.  From an underwriting standpoint, we are really not focused on underwriting inflation. We are staying very close to where the markets are with regard to sales prices and pace. We have a lot of metrics right now with regard to what current activity is. And as Stuart, I and Jon talked about really matching duration risk to risk-adjusted return for the various programmatic structures we’ve got. 
Rick Beckwitt: As we look at land in general, absorption pace actually changes depending on the community and what we’ve found is in our larger communities, we can have multiple product lines going at any point in time. So the pace is a bit higher. But we are not forecasting across the board a 4.5 over the next several years. It’s really geared to what the land opportunity is and the drivers of the local market there. 
Stuart Miller: So, fair questions Steve. Our primary focus is building LENx and it has been evolutionary. It has been the latter approach. It was and continues to be all about in the background of our core business we inject these new streams of activity that are enabling a better customer experience and better cost structure for our company.  I’ve called it and said it’s building a better mousetrap. And if you think about the companies we’ve talked about over time, you could imagine that a customer walks in and says they’ve got a home to sell, we’ve got a solution it’s the iBuyer space that leads right into a blend powered mortgage application, which is a seamless simpler, technology-enabled mortgage application feeding right into Doma and the entire closing process being one tap and digitized and an immediate home insurance policy.  It becomes a joyful experience with our technology companies operating in the background creating an excellent experience for our customer but driving our cost structure down and enabling us to build profitability and even pass on some of those savings to our customer, which is a greater good. And I haven’t really mentioned that each of our technology company has an ESG component and focus as well and that will develop over time.  So, really think about it as we are building a better Lennar by investing in these technology companies and the investment in the technology company we are not really isolating and looking at as a separate operating business and I would – I just want to daylight that Eric Feder and his team Sana Khan, Christian Falk and a number of others have really developed some expertise in creating a focus on technology companies that matter together with changed management dovetailed within the company.  And I think that over time, what you are going to see is these companies develop their own value proposition as you’ve already started to see, they do become cash flow positive in their own right and each of them has a map to that strategy and the dovetail with Lennar and the operating performance is what gets us very enthusiastic.  So, we are more focused on the latter approach than we are on the former and we really want to deemphasize what I call the shiny object of the big games and I want to emphasize more the core program that Rick is involved in, Jon is involved in, Eric is involved, I am involved in every single day of building a better company, that’s what it’s really about. 
Stuart Miller: Steve, let me just say, before you get off, that it’s really a just in time delivery system for land that we are building. But I love the fact that the question is coming from you and I reminisce about you, me, David Dewey are sitting in my old office going through this kind of tranched, risk reward association relative to CMBS probably 25 years ago. And here we are going through that same thinking process again as it relates to another asset class. 
Stuart Miller: So, look, the last thing I think we should be weighing on this politics basis, no question that stimulus is a significant part of the equation. As I’ve noted in my remarks, interest rates are still low by all measures. Yes, they ticked up a little bit, but the other side of the equation is the savings rate and the stimulus that’s out there just in the most recent stimulus build.  Additional legislation seems to be coming down the track and that will once again stimulate even more demand. The complicating part is that we are dealing more with supply shortage than we are dealing with the shortage of demand with the fact this demand is very, very strong and a tax credit to stimulate more demand, it seems it is probably going to layer on more demand to an already constrained supply which will probably have the impact of raising prices somewhat just supply and demand imbalance.  So, the question is, what do you do across a country that is talking about workforce housing and short supply as a governing kind of component. And it seems that there is going to have to be some additional initiative to focus on more land entitlement, more streamlined government involvement in constraining the supply.  But we’ll have to see how it all shakes out. As things sit right now, when we look at the housing market, it’s one of the reasons that we think that for the next years, the housing market benefits from a fairly strong supply limitation and demand strength – strong demand and shorter supply. And for the homebuilders, we are going to have to be an active participant in finding reconciliation here and participating in building new homes. 
Stuart Miller: Yes. So, let me say that, this is primarily a focused program on Lennar products. We have the ability within the program to buy other builders’ product as well. But think of it is primarily focused on a new build program that is going to be basically opening the ability to purchase across Lennar’s platform.  That’s the exciting part of this program is the ability to ramp up. We have already started buying homes into this program even though the ink is just drying on the Centerbridge led financing component we had start on this program and started buying homes.  We’ll be ramping up pretty considerably over the next year and you can expect that our margins are going to be exactly in line with the margins on the rest of our products. So there will be no pullback or compromise in that regard. 
Stuart Miller: Let me just say one more thing. One of the things it has got most enthusiastic about this program is the social component. This is an upward mobility program. It produces access across Lennar’s landscape to a broader array of social and economic participants in our communities and really stretches and gives a single-family lifestyle access to a much broader array of the population.  Now that’s the case for single-family for rent in general, but notably, in this program, we have a component of our program that is dedicated to and focused on lease with an option to buy and we are really focused on finding a way to not only create accessibility to our single-family homes in our single-family for rent program, but also to engage more people and the ability over time to find their way to home ownership which we think is a greater good.  So, this is an exciting program for the company and I think ultimately for the industry and we designed it to be ultimately an industry solution, as well. 
Stuart Miller: Let me just say that, I think that we’ve noted that we could tune up or down the actual sales pace in any of our communities right now. Demand is just that strong and has been that strong. In terms of underwriting, we tend to conservatize that sales pace recognizing that we can get away with ourselves if we start anticipating that it’s much higher.  So we really haven’t – we haven’t tuned up the sales pace that we could achieve it and we are probably underwriting to something closer to a 4 even though we are running at 4.5 right now. And so, and maybe that gives some guidelines as to how we are thinking about land. 
Stuart Miller: So, look, I think, Mike, the way to think about it is, I think that there tends to be a need that interest rates move up and the homebuilders are going to have sales turmoil and that might be conventional with them. But in today’s market, as I’ve noted, there are offsets to the movement in interest rates. First of all interest rates have – are moving from a historically – abnormally low rate.  We are still lower than we were a year ago. Interest rates are still low. But the offset is the fact that the savings rate in the country has really enabled so many more people to be able to afford a downpayment. The increase in home prices is, on the one hand a negative, but on the other hand a positive and that some of who owns a home who is going to sell their first time home has a bigger downpayment for their move up home.  So there is this trickle up portion of this and then stimulus is adding to the availability of capital to support the home and mortgage business. You might find that interest rates knock some people out of the credit boxes that are out there. But there is so much demand, the backfill has been pretty readily supportive of maintaining sales pace. So at the end of the day, we really see very little trail off in demand.  In fact, it’s continued to be strong and be building what has been traditionally a spring selling season, it’s hard to detect where the spring selling season is because, we’ve been consistently strong all the way through what – at this time should be the beginning of this spring selling season. So, I think that what I say is that that we are still seeing a very strong demand pattern and even with interest rates picking up, there are offsets to that pick up that are keeping demand strong. 
Stuart Miller: So, as I said, we are giving you the skeleton right now. I think that, my starting point and just giving you some answer to that is, we start with a really strong balance sheet right now. You see debt-to-total cap at 24% and sizable profitability coming through the year. So, you can imagine our balance sheet continues to get stronger.  That really enables us to do a spin of a sizable amount of that that’s with no liabilities associated meaning no debt. And it leaves us with a balance sheet at Lennar that is just rock solid. So, very little impact to the balance sheet. Now from an operating and earnings standpoint, you can think similarly. Look, we’ve been building these businesses in the background and we’ve been reporting on them for years.  These businesses are up running and have been operating but because of the composition of some of them like LMC where you have depreciation and you have third-party management fees and a variety of things. They don’t show GAAP profitability. So – that’s all right.  You are going to see very little, if any impact to the earnings of the core company. But these operating businesses as they stand on their own with their own identified metrics, this enables those businesses to be able to run more effectively and efficiently as a standalone company. This is not about creating some notion of value earnings.  The standalone homebuilding financial services group and the standalone asset management business is the right configuration for these businesses on a go forward basis and you’ll see very little impact to Lennar’s the RemainCo bottom-line. And an exciting value proposition and standalone enterprise for Spinco as it stands on its own.  That’s the structure. That’s the skeleton. It’s as far as we can go right now. But all of this is driven by the fact that we have a balance sheet that supports we can give this kind of a strong spin or dividend as you might think about without impacting the underlying balance sheet and building two or furthering two very strong companies on a go forward basis.  And I would just say, Mike, as you think about this, remember, Lennar has done this before. In 1997, we’ve spun LNR and we did it in a very carefully constructive manner where it was two separate businesses that were longstanding and we identified and ran both companies to – in a very successful manner. And we expect to be doing some of that similarly all over again. 
Stuart Miller: Okay. You bet. Listen, I know that this has been a lot to absorb and we’ve run over time. But I thought it was worth the time to do that. We look forward to continuing to update you on all elements of our business and look forward to a strong 2021. Thank you for joining. 
Alan Ratner: Hi guys, good afternoon. It’s actually Alan on for Ivy. Congrats on all of the exciting things going on and the great performance. 
Alan Ratner: My first question I think, a lot’s been discussed about all the ancillary businesses. So, I’ll probably leave that to the side for now, but just in terms of the home – the core homebuilding side, I thought it was interesting last week we saw an announcement from the GSEs about actually capping the percentage of second homes and investment properties that they are going to be buying.  And I am pretty sure that’s the first real example of tightening on the mortgage side we’ve seen in a while and I know it’s a small part of the business. But I am curious, have you looked at what impact that might have on your business, what percentage of your sales today are the second home owners or investment property owners? And just kind of curious if that differs across your footprint.
Alan Ratner: The second question I guess is on the land side. Obviously, tying up a lot of land there and I think you made the comment about looking towards larger communities. So, you can kind of keep a higher sales pace going on.  Can you provide any additional color about the underwriting on the land you’ve tied up over the last year and how that might differ from land prior to the pandemic, whether that quantifying the number of lots per community, absorption rates that you are assuming going forward, margins and implied margins on that, any color you can give would be great. 
