Rick Beckwitt: Thanks, Stuart. Let me start quickly by summarizing our results in the third quarter and then Jon and I will update you on some of our strategic focuses. Net earnings for the quarter totaled 453 million, up 82% from 2017. Our core homebuilding operation really produced. New orders for the quarter totaled 12,319 homes, up 62% from the prior year with the dollar value of approximately 5.1 billion, representing a 73% increase from last year.  On a pro forma basis, new home orders increased 11% from the prior year. We delivered 12,613 homes, which was up 66% from 2017. Revenues in the quarter totaled 5.7 billion, representing a 74% increase. We ended the third quarter with a sales backlog of 19,220 homes with the dollar value of 8.4 billion, up 88% and 105% respectively from 2017. Our gross margin, excluding the backlog and construction and progress write-up totaled 21.9%, which exceeded the top side of our guidance last quarter. Finally, our SG&A in the quarter was 8.6%. This marks an all-time third quarter low and a 60 basis point improvement from 2017. It also highlights the success of our CalAtlantic integration and the power of our increased local market scale and our operating leverage. With the CalAtlantic integration behind us, we are laser focused on three strategic areas. First, construction costs and operating efficiencies; second, land acquisition and development and third, technology that improves our business. On the construction front, we are leveraging our local market and national scale to be the low cost producer. Jon will review our activities in this area, which also focused on adjustments to how we build and procure materials to lower our overall installed cost. On the land front, we've continued to execute our soft pivot strategy, with an emphasis on controlling more land versus a more cash intensive land acquisition and development program.  Today, approximately 25% of our home sites are controlled via option contracts and similar arrangements and our expectation is to increase this over the next several years to about 40%. This shift in land strategy will increase our returns and generate additional cash flow. During the third quarter, we entered into strategic agreements with three of our longstanding large regional developers to provide us access to their current land portfolios and exclusive access to the future residential land acquired and developed by these developers. Given our new leading local market scale and our ability to build through all of the land that these developers own and control, we were able to structure win-win programs with each of these three companies. While each deal is slightly different, they all allow us to, one, limit our land related overhead costs, as these companies have full operations that entitle, develop and acquire land; second, control the residential land entitled, acquired and developed by these regional developers; and third and most importantly, receive the home sites developed by these companies on a just in time basis. Our focus going forward is to align ourselves with proven regional developers that have the infrastructure and expertise to feed Lennar with a continuous stream of finished home sites. While we're at the early stages of reshaping our land program, these initial three developers provide great opportunity as they own and control approximately 55,000 home sites, with more finished home sites to come as a result of the exclusive relationships and agreements we have with these companies. In addition, we believe we can expand and execute this strategy with these developers in other markets and that this program can serve as a template with other proven regional developers across the country. On the technology side and systems side, we are keenly focused on investing in or developing new technology that improves the operational efficiency of our business. On prior calls, Stuart has highlighted our investment in Opendoor and our intense focus on digital marketing, which allows us to reduce our customer acquisition costs. These initiatives have produced both incremental new sales and allowed us to increase our operating margins. In the third quarter, our Rialto spend decreased another 10 basis points to 2.3% of revenue from 2.4% in the second quarter of 2017. On a year-over-year basis, our Rialto spend was down 30 basis points. In addition, we are also focused on increasing the real time flow of information to our operating teams. Jon has highlighted our dynamic pricing model in the past and we are now rolling out real time dashboards that allow our teams to seamlessly track key operating metrics, which should increase our absorption pace and lower our overall SG&A expenses. We plan to continue these initiatives, as we're just scratching the surface to unlock the many process improvements that will increase our bottom line profitability going forward. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Jon.
Rick Beckwitt: So Steve, it’s Rick. At this point, we're not going to get into a lot of the details associated with those agreements, because they're confidential at this point. And -- but I can tell you, there are no guarantees. These are very strategic, well-crafted structures that really guarantee us pipeline that these guys develop. And I can't go into a lot of the details at this point. As we move forward, we’ll give you a little bit more color as to what the structure of the deals are, but it's confidential at this point and for competitive reasons I don't want to get into it.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah. And I guess in addition to that, the soft pivot strategy has been going on for several quarters now. We have -- we mentioned on prior calls that as we utilize more third party retail option type structures that the gross margin associated with that is a much lower margin, but a higher IRR. So, you're starting to see some of that kick in in 2019. In addition, the deals that I outlined included with them, a immediate position in the portfolio that these guys are developing. So it's not that's just the future deals, it's their current pipeline. So that's why we’ve put in about 25 bps of margin differential from where we were prior.
Rick Beckwitt: So let's just talk about the quarter. I think we saw sequential improvement month to month throughout the quarter. And when you're talking about whether it's organic or not organic, we're comparing to pro forma numbers. So organic -- it was all organic. With regard to the Q4 lowering of a couple of hundred home -- new order on the home site, that's a contribution of some homes having slipped because of the storm, the hurricane into Q4 that we lost in Q3, but also some delay associated with the storm going forward. So it's, I think, what we feel relatively positive about the market, as Stuart and Jon said, the market has paused a little bit, but we're seeing consistent normalized demand.
Rick Beckwitt: Yeah. Embedded in your question, you asked about the tax effect and I think that as we look at the market right now and take its temperature, I think that we would say that you're seeing more impact from just price and interest rate migration and adjustment to where the market has gone than any discernible connection between a lack of demand or change in demand pattern, relative to where tax rates have moved and any impact in California, we just haven't seen that yet, not in our price ranges.
Rick Beckwitt: So, if you look at our other major markets, which are really Texas and Florida, I would tell you that we had strong performance in those markets. Texas was up significantly year-over-year, almost 20% in new orders as a whole state. We look at Florida, the Florida markets continue to be robust. That said, there are, in the Dallas market, at the higher, the price points that market has gotten a little bit softer, but really across the board, it's your sub $3000 in price point, it's a very strong market. And we saw continued strengthen in Florida, so you know pretty much across the board, other than on the West Coast, where there was a little bit of softness, as prices have increased dramatically, we feel that we're in a relatively normalized market right now.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, as you saw during the quarter, we really didn't increase the incentives for Q3. We’re very focused on converting our backlog into revenue. As we do, we're focused every quarter and as we run the business, as we talk about in the past, we are constantly balancing sales pace and margin. There are dynamic pricing models that Jon has really led the company.
Rick Beckwitt: We feel, as I said, pretty comfortable. We have a lot of clarity to the synergies that we've identified. There's a lot of work to do to realize them, but we've seen that come into place relative to 2018 as we're in our last quarter of 2018, we feel that those are very much locked and loaded, agreements are in place with national vendors that will carry it through the full year of 2019. So, I don't see a lot of risk. Is there upside? There's always the potential for upside, as we dig deeper into it and one synergy builds on the next, but for us, the focus is the day-to-day blocking and tackling of executing on what we've identified and making sure that we deliver on that.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, sort of on a general basis and there are some exceptions. At the higher price points, it's gotten a little bit softer than the lower price points had been. And that's not unusual in a market that there's a lot of publicity as to what's going on in mortgage rates and price appreciation, because the more fluent buyer time their purchase based on where they think the world is going. And so, we think, as we said consistently that this is just a market adjustment to a more normalized market from what was really a red hot market in some of these markets.  With regard to land and our land strategy, we have consistently said for the last year that we've been shifting a lot of our land investment to the entry level and that first time move up buyer, because it's the fat of the market and our teams have been focused on making investments in that area.
Rick Beckwitt: Well, Alan, as you can imagine, we probably won't comment too deeply on the answer to that question, but you know us. Number one, everything is on the table and from our company's perspective, we love a bargain, we're very opportunistic and always have been, we're always focused on competing alternatives. We are -- we have highlighted that we've been very cash flow focused. We've really positioned our balance sheet very well. Diane's done a great job of managing our capital allocation and programming to date. We sit with an excellent balance sheet in just a short time after completing a transaction and integration complete, it really positions us to look at organic growth, at M&A, should there be unique opportunities, but everything measured against the most obvious bargain, which is the group of assets that we know best, the group of assets that we control, the least form of friction and that is buying back stock. So as we sit here today, and we look at the capital markets, not enamored with the home building sector, as we look at the landscape with the growth rates as we see them today and the production deficit as we see that -- as we see it today and as tomorrow we have our board meeting and we sit and talk to our board for advice, very much on the table is the question of allocating capital in balance between paying down debt and buying back stock as against some of those other alternatives. So never think for a minute that anything is off the table with Lennar. We love a good bargain and this is an environment where you start to find them.
Rick Beckwitt: Okay. So with that, we'll wrap up. Thanks for joining us and we look forward to updating again for our fourth quarter and into 2019. Thank you everyone.
Stuart Miller: But, the two things I would note Steve are, this is the beginning of the reflection of using size and scale in local markets to be able to comfortably absorb what some of the better developers are bringing in their pipeline to market. And it is also reflective of ours -- continuation of our soft pivot to migrate towards fewer home sites purchased for longer period of times on book and using strength and relationship with proven actors in the land market to have more of a just-in-time delivery system for home sites with a greater focus on returns on assets.
Stuart Miller: There's not a one size fits all answer to that. In some cases, the ASP change is mix, as I tried to highlight in that Orange County example. And in many -- most cases, it's really just price appreciation in local markets, market like Seattle that's been driven by tremendous job growth. You just had year-over-year price acceleration, in the Bay Area, with the boom in the tech world, you've seen year-over-year price appreciation. So, you have both things going on, but more price appreciation than mix. As far as being able to look forward and predict when we'll see pace increase, that's very hard to do. What we see is we see demand, we see people with lot of interest, we see people pausing as we all have said and just not having the urgency to buy now. So we don't want to suggest that people have left the marketplace or have lost interest in purchasing. It's more that they're stepping back and as we've seen in past market cycles, adjusting to new pricing, which results in a higher monthly mortgage payment. And if people adjust to that, we expect that they'll come back in to the marketplace.
Stuart Miller: Let me circle back to something that I highlighted in my comments, because I think it is kind of a direct answer to the question, which is our view is that the market has kind of reacted to price and rates having moved fairly dramatically over the past quarters and years. But we go back and we constantly look at the production pace that we've seen over the past years. The constraint of land and labor that is well documented that has narrowed the funnel through which supply shortage could be addressed and can be addressed and we look at the normalized demand level for the country and though some might argue that 1.5 million isn't the same as it used to be, we've been producing at a significantly lower level for the better part of the past decade.  So we've been building pent up demand. I think our view and I think generally the industry view is that embedded in these numbers, there is a demand pattern and basic economic strength underlying it that will help correct and drive the market forward. So I would say, pretty aggressively that we're not protecting backlog and certainly nothing reflective of what we've seen in past cycles. Instead, I think there's a pause. I think, there's a catch up and I think that will, with economic drivers driving forward, see a resumption of or a normalization of the patterns going forward.
Jon Jaffe: Steve, this is Jon. One other thought on this, and I've talked about it, it's really another reflection of our position where we have dominant market share of being the builder of choice for land developers. So they know and they've discussed with us that we're going to be the dominant buyer of their land and so it's getting ahead of that and figuring out a structure that allows us to control what they'll be delivering in the future for them to know that their pipeline will be absorbed by us in a structure that creates a true win-win situation along the lines of what Stuart and Rick described.
Jon Jaffe: If you think about Michael, in some of the markets, as I articulated, when you're at a pace above five sales per community per month, that's really not sustainable. You're going to run into resistance at some point and where it has shifted to is a very normal rate. In some cases, above that level for that one a week that we sort of strive for as ideal in many of our markets. So, there is – on a relative basis, right, a slowing, but when you step back and look at it, it's a very healthy, sustainable rate that we're at right now.
Jon Jaffe: Michael, it’s Jon. Relative to gross margin, mix it not the major driver there, but we do see that we’re in an environment where it's constrained relative to land and labor. So, you do have year-over-year flowing through higher land cost and higher direct construction costs. So with Lennar, you have a story of what's happened in the marketplace relative to that constraint, offset by synergy savings to marketplace benefit of what's happening with lumber that will show up in the first half of next year. So you have, as you know, both headwinds and tailwinds. So I’m balancing as we forecast a long time ago, we felt that post-merger would be around 22% gross margins with the benefit of the synergies. And so I think you see all of those components, both headwinds and tailwinds reflecting in that preliminary guidance that we gave.
Jon Jaffe: Yeah. As we've talked before, it's really a market by market, community by community analysis, relative to price and pace and we make that decision very, very locally. And with respect to backlog, we're not talking about a market shift that would cause us or any other builder, I think, to be concerned about their backlog. What we're talking about is just a market that has, on a relative basis, shifted from very strong to more normalized paced in the cases that we're talking about. 
