Jonathan M. Jaffe: Thank you, Rick. And good morning. In the fourth quarter, our sales pace continued at a healthy 3 sales per community per month even as we entered the traditionally slower part of the year, and so far, we have seen continued sales momentum through December into the first part of January. Our increased sales activity has allowed us to focus on improving our pricing power. Our year-over-year average sales price increased by $18,000 or 7% to $261,000. About 40% of that improvement came from a reduction in sales incentives by 320 basis points from 12.2% to 9%. Our ability to improve our sales prices, net of incentives, has enabled us to cover the increases in labor and material costs that are occurring and grow our gross margins by 410 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2011. We believe we will continue to improve our net sales price and be able to offset ongoing cost pressures. For the full year of 2013, we expect our average gross margin to be between 23% to 24% compared to 22.7% achieved in 2012. Let me give you some color as to what we saw with respect to construction cost increases. Together, labor and material costs are up $0.64 per square foot year-over-year. This equates to about $1,600 per home. First, I will discuss the labor component of that, which represents about 40% of construction costs. Labor remains under pressure, as housing starts accelerate and hiring by trades is slow to gain momentum. Many trades remain cautious about hiring, as they wait to see that the housing recovery is fully established. We're seeing the greatest pressure and therefore cost increases with framing and drywall labor. Construction Materials also continue to experience upward price pressure. As starts have increased, demand for products is outpacing the ramp-up in production capabilities by manufacturers, as they're cautious to commit the capital to reopen closed plants. As housing starts continue to rise, we expect manufacturers will add back capacity. The material categories that have increased the most over the last year are lumber, drywall, concrete, cabinet and insulation. At Lennar, we maintain an intense focus on analyzing field construction variances and value engineering. [Audio Gap] area to note is that cycle time has lengthened on average by 10 days as compared to last year, and it ranges from no change in some markets to 25 days in markets that are more labor constrained such as Phoenix, parts of Texas and parts of Florida. This increased cycle time, combined with a larger number of early stage sales and backlogs, will result in a backlog conversion ratio of about 75% in our first quarter. We then expect the ratio to be about 90% for the balance of the year. I'll wrap up my comments with a brief discussion on the activities of FivePoint Communities venture in California. Their business model is to create extraordinary value by obtaining development rights for large mixed-use projects and land-constrained markets. This team manages the 12,000-acre Newhall Ranch community in Los Angeles that will ultimately have 27,000 homes and apartments and 13 million square feet of commercial uses. The first 2 maps totaling 5,500 homesites and 2.2 million square feet of commercial uses are in the final stages of completing the entitlement [ph] process and will be brought to market in the next 2 years. In Irvine, California, located in the heart of Orange County, is the former El Toro Marine base. This master plan of over 2,500 acres will be home to the development of the Great Park, which is larger than New York's Central Park. In 2012, 5,000 homesites and 1.2 million square feet of commercial uses were approved. FivePoint has also filed an upzoning application for an additional 5,800 homesites and 4 million square feet of commercial uses. Land development has commenced on the first phase of 726 homesites where Lennar and 7 other builders will grand open 10 villages this summer. [Audio Gap] Park, all located in the city of San Francisco. These committees will total over 20,000 residences in almost 5 million square feet of commercial uses when completed. All 3 are fully entitled, and land development has commenced at Hunters Point. Located in 3 of the best markets in California, Los Angeles, Irvine and San Francisco, the development of these communities totaling over 55,000 homes and apartments and over 20 million square feet of commercial uses will produce significant earnings for Lennar and its partners in the coming years. Thank you, and I'd now like to turn it over to Jeff.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: I would just add to that, David, that for the trade, they want to be cautious not to hire and then find that because of political noise and headline risk, the market is not as robust as it seems and then they've got to lay off again. So there's a lag time, as Stuart says, between when they'll actually feel comfortable in hiring and when we need them to be hiring.
Jonathan M. Jaffe: Well, it varies across the range of materials. It's not -- one answer doesn't fit all categories. So lumber, we're seeing lumber futures reach high levels, so that has accelerated. Concrete has accelerated. But other materials have plateaued. And I think that you're going to see a fluctuation as we look forward based on capacity to deliver those materials against the levels of increased starts.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure, let me comment on the QM definition that just came out this past week. So there's a year before this goes into place and it's been given a year to work through some of the clarifications that are included. So this clarification needs quite a bit of further clarification, so it's unclear at this point how that's going to work out. But right now, the 3%, we think, if you include the closing costs that we contribute to the buyer in the process, if that's not included in the 3%, then it's essentially a very minimal issue. So the clarification of how our contribution is included is important to figuring that out. We have a year to work through that, so certainly no impact of this year. And we think it's likely to be worked through and we're not expecting any major impact as we go into next year at this point.
Bruce E. Gross: The answer is yes, we do expect year-over-year improvement in gross margin percentage and the seasonality, as we've seen last year, starting with lower gross margin in the first quarter and building up through the year.
Bruce E. Gross: Sure. So again, as we're growing our community count substantially, there's a couple of things to think about. Number one, we're still selling at a sales pace that's well below normal. So this last quarter, we had 3 sales per community per month. When we get closer to 4 sales per community per month, then it will kind of flatten out. So there's more leverage that we will be seeing in the SG&A line as volumes increase and even though we're opening new communities. Additionally, the variable expenses, we did have some doubling up last year because we had different stock awards that, that compensation expense was flowing through in 2012 and some of those are no longer being expensed. So we don't expect on the corporate side the G&A to go up at the same level. We expect to get a lot more leverage on the corporate side.
Bruce E. Gross: So this is Bruce. To answer your question, Steve, that is correct. We're not assuming higher average sales price increases than what we've seen, number one. And number two, we are seeing some higher costs embedded in our guidance, but our guidance is really saying that we believe we will more than offset the cost increases that we're seeing in the business right now, between sales prices going up some, sales incentives coming down, bringing in some of these new communities that we keep talking about that are at a higher gross margin than the company average, partially offset by some cost increases that we're expecting through 2013.
Bruce E. Gross: So with respect to the prior impairments going through our gross margin, it's not a number that we've tracked, but what I would say is that, that number isn't -- I won't expect it's very significant as we've been growing our volume and we had over, I think, it's 54% of our deliveries were coming from new communities at this time. So that's not a very large number that's flowing through the P&L, is what I would expect. And going forward, as far as gross margins, we think there are a number of opportunities for the gross margins to continue to grow. And obviously, we've talked about some of them today. Average sales prices are still well below where they were at the peak. And with affordability being very high, there's room for average sales prices to grow, especially as inventories, as constrained as it is, and the rent versus buy equation is in favor of buying. We have more new communities coming online. The gross margin in the new communities is still over about 200 basis points above the company average. And we have sales incentives that are continuing to have the ability to continue to decline. And then you have costs that will go up, but that's a smaller percentage of the equation because your costs are less than 1/2 of the sale price. So going forward, there's room for it to go up, but I think we just want to moderate it. We want to see the results first before people get too carried away with the gross margin in their models.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, okay. So look, I think that I said there's -- there are political and economic headwind risks out there. There's a big noise factor and some of these things can impact the market, especially consumer confidence. But I think overall, our view is that we're coming off of a very severe downturn. The fundamental reasons for recovery are really pretty solid and fundamental right now. We think, additionally, that consumer confidence is really on a recovery kind of ramp. And so I'm going to kind of take the macro picture out of the equation in terms of my biggest concerns right now just because I think that the more housing recovery -- recovers, the more jobs there are in the marketplace. The more jobs there are, the more confidence there is. And the more people are employed, the more likely they are to go out and buy a home. So to me, I kind of feel like the toughest part of the business is probably the part of the business where we are at our maximum strength and that is, in a recovering market, land becomes the biggest constraining factor. Across the market right now, it is the biggest constraining factor for builders. Driving community count and finding new locations is very difficult. I think we have the A team on the field, both between Rick, Jon and their respective leaders of the company and our Rialto complementary component. I think that the toughest risk factor, the land factor, is one that we have well covered, but I do think it's a risk out there as you look beyond 2013 into '14 and '15 as the market recovers. On the cost side of the equation, I think it's healthy and appropriate that costs start to go up in a recovering market and it actually portends better things for the economy. The fact that labor shortages are starting to present themselves and wages are starting to move up really says that the economy is on the mend, unemployment is likely to go down. And as unemployment goes down, confidence goes up. So we're going to see some cost pressure, but offsetting that cost pressure, we think, are increasing sale prices, which, if you look at the relationship in terms of percentages between cost and revenue, costs have to go up and up an awful lot before revenues don't cover. So I think that there's some risks out there. I think the macro is manageable. I think land is our area of expertise. And I think that the cost increases are actually healthy and will be offset by revenue.
Stuart A. Miller: Let me just add to that, David, that one of the advantages that the public companies have right now is access to capital that is very, very strong, in many ways unprecedented. It gives us a lot of opportunity to deploy capital and having various arms in which -- through which to do that is, we think, a real benefit. But keep in mind that whether it's the Rialto strategy or the apartment strategy or FivePoint, all 3 of these are primarily focused on third-party capital primarily, with a small portion of company capital invested at a sizable return in line with what we do on the homebuilding side. But we're building franchise value and ultimately long-term shareholder value in building these platforms and growing them forward. It's multiple avenues for investment, limited investment in some of these programs, with a strong opportunity for franchise value in the future.
Stuart A. Miller: No, from what we've been able to see in the field, it does not seem to be that our subcontractor base is limited by their ability to capitalize their growth. We think that they're getting paid almost on a real-time basis as the competition for labor out there requires current payment. So that's not really the limiting factor. I think you have somewhat of a natural dislocation of the labor force through a downturn, where the labor force, especially in a protracted downturn, seeks and moves elsewhere and goes to other parts of the economy. Drawing that labor back is a function of job availability and wages starting to move up. That's happening in the field right now. And I think you're seeing a little bit of a timing issue that is going to work its way out.
Stuart A. Miller: Let me say that Rialto continues to be a little bit choppy and a lot of that derives from the initial FDIC deal. We invested a lot of company capital in that deal with the -- with a higher expectation of return. We've talked about this in past quarters. Those levels and expectations have come down in large part because the resolution, the market for resolution of distressed loans just has been different than our past experience. And so what we're looking forward to with the FDIC program is a complete defeasance of the debt and then a return of that capital to be redeployed and at much more substantial returns. That's the negative side of Rialto. The positive side of Rialto is that every investment since that FDIC has built on that initial start-up investment and has been a success in terms of our underwriting standards which were recalibrated and the new investments coming in. So there's a little bit of an offset. There continues to be a little bit of choppiness in Rialto as we look ahead, as 2013 continues to be a transitional year. But Rialto is becoming a very substantial manager of third-party capital and investing that capital extremely well. And as we enter our Fund #2, we're expecting a lot of success and bottom line growth.
Stuart A. Miller: Let me just add to that and say that, look, one of the drivers that we had in moving forward with multifamily is, first of all, historically, multifamily has been 2, 3, 350,000 starts a year and that's consistent over a long period of time. There is a consistent demand for multifamily and we think we have a distinct advantage. We're already looking for residential land. Often, it's an appendage of a broader or bigger property that we're already purchasing. We have the Rialto eyes also out there for these types of properties. And we have the complementary construction business that's already in place, where we can leverage efficiencies over a broader community. But our general thesis relative to entering multifamily is given the severe downturn in the residential markets over the past years, given the limited supply of rental that is out there, the recovery of the housing market would be moderated by a much more conservative mortgage market going forward, which means there will consistently be a large group of people who simply can't buy a home and won't buy a home and are looking for rentals. And then all of the major markets where we build for-sale homes, there's going to be a sizable demand for rental at the same time side by side. For-sale housing will continue to recover. It'll be moderated by a sluggish or conservatized mortgage market, and rental will remain strong as well.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, just putting things in proper perspective, I mean, Financial Services is directly related to homebuilding, but FivePoint, likewise, is a direct offshoot of our land and homebuilding operations as well, so it's extremely complementary in much the same way. The apartment component is really a side-by-side relationship as well, and Rialto is a little bit more removed from our primary business. With that said, I think that the reason we highlight these other 3 businesses today is not by way of mapping out earnings for 2013 and '14, but by way of highlighting that within the company, these are the things that we've been working on that we think create long-term value and potentially might be -- we've created them with the optionality of keeping them within the company to the extent that they enhance the bottom line going forward or spinning them out as self-sustained entities as we did with LNR in the 1990s. We've highlighted that we might do that with Rialto. And these other companies also can be stand-alones at some point. It's maximum optionality for the creation of shareholder value over the long term.
Stuart A. Miller: We haven't looked at market share, what a normalized market share would look like. In terms of where the land is coming from and will come from, some of the land is coming from our own, wholly owned assets that are being repurposed for apartment and brought to market sooner than they might otherwise be in a for-sale environment. But by and large, we've used that as a springboard to develop a first-class management team. And most of the apartment rental communities or the land for those communities is being sought for exactly that purpose and is being purchased in the open market. So there are new opportunities. They might be side by side with for-sale or with something that Rialto is doing. They're not coming from Rialto.
Stuart A. Miller: Right. Let me just say that we are looking ahead with a conservative view. As we look at the market in general, as we look at land constraint, as we look at the recalibrated cost structure that we and others have in place, and as we recognize that home prices are not skyrocketing and shooting up, but they are reverting to normal, which means, in part, the base price of homes is going up. And in comparable part, we are eliminating an incentive structure that has been rather dramatic in order to sell homes during a downturn and that is working its way out. There's real opportunity for margins to go up. We're going to cautiously look ahead, seeing our margins go up in orderly progression. But I think that there is opportunity to the upside in terms of margin growth. And I think that's a large part of why you're seeing a lot of people who look at the housing market today look ahead to the next couple of years and say, with land shortage and with a reversion to normal in pricing and elimination of incentives, there's a lot of opportunity for margin growth.
Stuart A. Miller: Well, I think we have seen that in prior recoveries. As I look back, we've certainly seen that as the market recovers, people do sometimes moderate the margin they can get with the one that they trade off for volume. What -- but the governor here is the scarcity of land. You just can't replace the most important commodity as readily as we've seen in the past. And therefore, when you look at the competitive landscape, if someone's got a good land position, they'd better harvest the best margin that they can or that land is going to dissipate and they're not going to be able to replace it. That's the governor that's out there and why we think that margins have more opportunity to the upside than risk to the downside. All right, listen, thanks, everyone, for joining us on our fourth quarter update, and we look forward to reporting through 2013.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, I guess, from an overall capital perspective, David, I would tell you that all capital competes within the company. We invest in the individuals and the assets that produce the highest returns. That's what we've done consistently throughout this recovery. We dedicated a certain amount of capital for each platform in order to grow those platforms and create value. And depending on how each one of those platforms is capitalized, because the multifamily operation includes a lot of third-party capital, we can grow a very sizable business quickly without using a lot of Lennar capital. So we do dedicate capital to each business. The returns have a tendency to be consistent amongst all the businesses, which is a good thing, and that gives us the luxury of investing in the best of the best.
Richard Beckwitt: Our underwriting assumptions haven't changed since we started buying land a couple of years back. We benefit because we're a little bit further advanced and further along the land continuum pipeline, so we're really investing today in deals for 2014, 2015. Don't be confused. We still are underwriting to extremely high margins and you can see it in the numbers.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, Steve, it's Rick. Clearly, we've got the footprint out there to grow a very sizable business. If you look at the major metropolitan areas that we are in, we can scale a business relatively quickly in those markets that will be sizable. You see that within a year, we had created about a $1-billion pipeline. I think that's just scratching the surface of what the opportunity is out there, especially as we leverage the mother ship and growing this through purchasing and synergies from an overall operating standpoint. If you'd step back and when you look at the basic fundamentals of a land buyer, we are -- we often, in the past, would sell the multifamily pieces, the commercial pieces for someone else to sort of ring the bell and make a lot of money on. And as we sat and looked at what we were doing in the land market in a recovering market, it didn't make sense to not maximize the skill set that we had in place. It's easier to build a multifamily complex than it is to actually build separate homes. So what we did is we structured an organization, we've surrounded ourselves with talent and we've been building this business and it will become very sizable.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, from an earnings standpoint, Bob, given the fact that these things take 1 year to 1.5 years to 2 years to build, you've got to lease them up and stabilize them. So you're looking at probably 3 years out before there can be a pretty decent stream of income if we're going to sell the properties. In a perfect world, what we'd do is we'd have a development operation where we'd sell the buildings, and then we would also be a piece of the operating company on the other side through a fund ownership structure where we can accumulate a huge portfolio of income-producing properties that would benefit the company on the long-term basis. So it was an earnings drag for us in 2012. It's not going to produce earnings in 2013, but in '14 and '15, you'll start to see some contribution from this new business.
Richard Beckwitt: Well, as Stuart and I highlighted, the growth opportunity in multifamily is pretty big today, especially given the fact that the business has been shut down from a new product standpoint over the last decade. We see significant opportunities out there. You got to keep in mind that a lot of people that play in the multifamily space are not developers, they're actually going out and acquiring existing assets out there and paying the cap rate. We do feel that we have expertise in development. It's not any different to build a condo building than it is to build a 3-story garden. And we're going to capture that development profit and, ultimately, build a portfolio of assets.
