Stuart Miller: So look, let me start with a notion, proposition that the market has been extremely, extremely hot. So, when you go from extremely, extremely hot to extremely hot, that's a step down that is really quite acceptable. It's actually a little bit better. And of course, as pricing goes up, people -- fewer people can afford. So, I would just say, Mike, that while the market might have a mild cooling, it is just from such a high level that demand is still well in excess of supply, and we see this on the ground at our Welcome Home centers on a regular basis, and this is not in any specific market. It really is across the country. So, when we look at the temperament, the tempo of sales in our Welcome Home centers, the traffic that's coming in, the discussions that we're having, we're still seeing very strong demand. We still see very limited supply, and we recognize that the country and the production of housing has been in deficit for the better part of a decade, and we can argue whether the deficit is one size or another. I think that there are a lot of competing views on that. But still, based on what we see in the market and the logic that we're applying to what we've seen over the past years and the appetite of the buying public, the millennials that still haven't come out of their parents' homes, we think there's a very, very strong demand profile that is out there for an extended period of time.
Stuart Miller: So look, let's take out just the volume component of improvement in margin. I mean, if you look at the composition of our margin, it is a combination of a lot more efficiency in the way that we're managing our company, the technologies that we're engaging in and incorporating into the way that we're running our business; the efficiency of our land program, just-in-time delivery of land; and frankly, the emergent inventory management component of our single-family for rent. There are tremendous efficiencies that we are embedding in the core operation of our business, and we think that these are becoming more and more important. The way that we're managing our supply chain is a matter of absolute efficiencies being brought into the way that we're operating our business. And you're going to see that we, as a company and hopefully as an industry, are recasting the cost structure all the way from hard cost, labor materials, to the softer costs around SG&A. We are rewiring the way that this business operates to the benefit of a lower cost structure and an opportunity to maintain good margins and still bring affordability to the housing market. And I think that, that's been an extreme part of our program. I do want to highlight that additionally, wind at our backs is our reduced debt level. As we bring debt down, we have less capital costs, and that's continuing to help our margin picture, and we expect to continue to bring that debt level down. So, all of the components, from technology, the way we run our business, debt levels, the way that we're just in -- we're becoming more of a just-in-time program, I think is a protective coating around margins for the future, and we're pretty optimistic about where we're going.
Stuart Miller: Okay. Yes. And then as it relates to our starts, our starts I think are not 19.5, over 20. But I'll let Jon and Rick address the question.
Stuart Miller: Look, from everything that we're seeing in the field, I think that we're just hitting a new level. I think I wouldn't have thought of it as a correction, but the way that you've said it, I think that, that makes sense. I think that home prices are and have reached a point and are continuing to grow, by the way. This is not -- this hasn't slowed. But the home prices have clear -- are reaching a point where it is kind of a correction to a higher price level. I think it's stagnated for a very long period of time as we went through the underproduction years and maybe the mortgage market kind of disabled the production and the demand for homes or certainly early after the downturn. But you have this really interesting time where, not only has the mortgage market normalized, and I think normalized in a very credible way, very protective of that mortgage market, but you also have this really interesting demand coming from single-family for rent. And there's some questions around single-family for rent in interesting ways, but single-family for rent is enabling a single-family lifestyle to a broader range of people who cannot necessarily acquire the down payment or meet the metrics that are needed to qualify for a mortgage, but certainly have the ability to afford the rent on a single-family lifestyle. And this notion that the way that people live, the housing that is available to a broader range of people is -- its very predictive of outcomes for families is a really important component that's emergent. And the enablement of the single-family for rent business is just enabling homes available to a broader range, a bigger part of the population, and I think this is a greater good. And we believe, and I think Rick daylighted it and highlighted it very well, we believe that when we're providing more workforce housing, we're expanding the amount of demand that's out there. And yes, we're driving costs up or the price of housing up a little bit. That is driving the cost of housing up because there's more demand and less supply. But at the same time, it's asking the industry to provide more and provide more accessibility to more people. I think that's a generally great impact for the industry.
Stuart Miller: Well, look, I don't think that there's math that can tell us where there might be a ceiling. And it seems to us that wages are increasing and home or the cost of home -- I don't even want to say ownership of the cost of living is going up at the same time, and that defines the inflationary environment. But where do you find affordability? I think, Rick, again, did a really interesting job of laying out that the single-family-for-rent world is kind of an equalizer in that field. And the program that we're really working on is saying, "Okay, so housing affordability might be out of the reach of some people. How do we bring it in the reach through a rental program? And then how do we start to build a rental program that provides upward mobility so that, that renter can start to become an owner earning the credentials to get there?" When you can make single-family lifestyle available to our workforce, and that workforce starts with a rental and can earn into owning it, it just creates a stepping stone, and it enables that workforce to afford that higher-priced home. Now where is the top? It's certainly going to plateau at some point. But the question is, where is that moment? We're not sure right now. We're going to walk that walk together.
Stuart Miller: Well, look, I think that one of the limiting factors is the fact that the equity is growing at a sizable clip. That's a positive, but a limiting factor relative to ROE. At the end of the day, we continue to see growth in our earnings and therefore, growth in our returns limited by the fact that the equity is growing at a pretty sizable clip. I think you have to think in terms of as we move forward with our spin, it also helps to define the efficiency and the effectiveness of the way that we're running our business in our core homebuilding business, where we're able to focus an equity base that is just geared towards the homebuilding business. I think you'll see that return kind of revert back to some of the ROEs that define the industry at an earlier time. So it's a combination of things, but the efficiency that we're injecting in our business is going to continue to grow our returns, which will be even further enhanced by the separating of logical businesses to where they can operate most effectively.
Stuart Miller: So Truman, the first thing I want to say is thank you for acknowledging our Everything's Included quarter. We were all touched by that.
Stuart Miller: Yes. So look, your question is to throw back to discussions that we've had many times over quarters in the past. It's been less of a discussion point as the market has evolved more recently, but we're very, very focused on our pricing to meet market conditions. And our dynamic pricing model is all about measuring where the market is and going to the pricing at where the market is currently. So the answer is, as prices might fluctuate, as price increases perhaps moderate or plateau, our dynamic pricing model is very much focused on getting us to the exact pricing to reach our deliveries commensurate with where our production has been. So the answer is you can very much expect that our pricing will moderate, as the market moderates or accelerate as the market accelerates, can be very tuned into market conditions.
Stuart Miller: And we haven't talked about our dynamic pricing program for a while, but it's just become kind of part of the fabric of the way we operate, and it's getting better and better with each passing quarter. It's just not top of discussion right now.
Stuart Miller: Yes. But let me just say that with that said, Truman, you bring up the fact that we have a lot of cash on the book right now and are likely to generate more in the back half of the year, isn't it great? I mean we've been laser-focused on cash flow.
Stuart Miller: And it's really starting to show just how our focus has consistently rippled through our numbers. I think the one thing I want to add to Diane's comments, you might expect a more bold statement about stock buyback, and we don't really give color as to where we're going on that as we look ahead. But the thing to also keep in mind is that we're also working with the composition and the size of our spin, and we're laser-focused on the spin-off. And we want to make sure that our balance sheet properly supports the extent of what we want to do because we're not just going to -- it's not just about building an ever better Lennar homebuilding and financial services group. It's also -- and which historically, when we spun LNR back off in the '90s, we've built a great company, a durable, sustainable company, and we expect to do the exact same thing with the spun company here. And we're enthusiastic about presenting more in the future on that, but our balance sheet, our cash position and the size and scope of the spin, all work together. So I'd say just bear with us a little bit as we put these pieces together because it all ties together with our stock buyback program.
Stuart Miller: We're not going to limit cash flow, and we're -- listen, to that point, don't think that a 50-50 land-owned versus controlled program is where it ends. We hit our goal early, and we're still focused on migrating forward. Jon's articulation of our land strategy and the waterfall of short-term, medium-term, long-term land and the way that we're configuring to maximize cost of capital and where we put land and how we generate cash flow is something that we work on, Rick, Jon and myself work on every day. So cash flow continues to be a focal point of this company.
Stuart Miller: And so for punctuation at the end of your question, I want to say again, thank you for the Everything's Included call out.
Stuart Miller: Well, it's great that we're going to get to metaphysics in the call today. But I guess I'd always say, Jade, that we're always a little bit of both. The fact of the matter is market conditions dictate a portion of what defines what we're able to do, but also our ability to work and act within market conditions is in part a driver of how we perform and how our product is received and the pricing that we get for that. So I would say there isn't a binary answer to the question of whether we're a price taker or a price maker.  I think in every market condition, there is a dynamic that is, in part, given to us and, in part, maximized by us. And in that regard, I've tried to be very clear in my comments, and I think Rick and Jon as well and Diane have all daylighted that we're sitting in the midst of market conditions that are very strong. And those market conditions are moving around a little bit, but very, very strong short supply, long demand. And that's the market that is given to us. But within the condition of that market, we're probably reporting our numbers saying that we have maximized the market that's in front of us. We've made strategic moves that has enabled us to navigate these waters as well as can be. And we think we've done a really good job, and we think that we can continue to get better and better being posed, at the same time, a price taker and a price maker navigating interesting waters. So that's how I'd answer that. I don't know.
Stuart Miller: So why don't we go ahead and end it there? And let me say just kind of as a last word, I want to apologize. We tried to keep our remarks brief. We didn't do a very good job of that, but I hope we gave you a lot of detail. We know we didn't leave a lot of time for Q&A. That's why we went over a bit, but we think it's important to get as many questions as we can. And of course, we'll speak to many of you offline. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to reporting on our progress as we go forward. Thank you.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. I guess I'd add to that, Michael, that if you look at the quarter, we sold 17,000-plus homes during the quarter, and the variability between the months was plus or minus 100 homes. So, we really see no impact associated with the cooling.
Rick Beckwitt: And I guess the final point I'd make is if you look at what we're building today compared to that 2005, 2006 timeframe, our homes are so much more value-engineered and efficient to build. So, the cost structure associated with the production of those homes is significantly different than the last cycle.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes, and just to further what Jon said, we purposely did start a higher number of homes in the last quarter because we've seen demand. And so if you look at it from a start sales differential, it was about 2,500 more homes started than sold, but we could have sold all of those homes. We're just choosing to sell them later in the construction cycle in order to maximize margin and to take advantage of a more finally tuned delivery cycle.
Rick Beckwitt: Our strategy is to provide single-family home ownership for workforce housing for people that can afford to rent and qualify for that housing. So if you look at comparable rents in the neighboring areas, it's stacking right on top of what comparable rents are. And most of the issues are, Ivy, is these people don't have the down payment that's required to afford to buy a home. It's not that they can't pay the mortgage payment, they just can't qualify in other ways.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. And this is so consistent with everything we've talked about really for the last 3 or 4 years. We've been matching sales with production. And we -- Jon and I tinker with where we'll sell during the production cycle based on that fundamental demand in the marketplace. So it's a very precise production-driven sales program.
Rick Beckwitt: Yes. To give a little bit additional perspective, it varies dramatically by market. We have some markets where we're 30% to 40% of the share of the market. And in those markets, we have the ability to control things a little bit more, and we're setting the cadence in that market. In markets where a smaller percentage, we're really pricing to market as we've done in for really the last several years. So it really varies across the board depending on the market.
Jon Jaffe: And again, for us, that ties into our match strategy of sales to production. We’re able to hit exactly that pace. As Stuart said, when you go from very, very hot to very hot, that's still well above the levels we were at a year ago, which were very strong.
Jon Jaffe: I'll only add that as I’ve noted in my comments with a focus on purchasing, we’ve brought our direct cost down to 41.3% -- sorry, 40.1% of our revenues, and so if you look at that ratio, we've got a lot of room to go before the lines cross between revenues going off and cost to be able to maintain our margins.
Jon Jaffe: Look, we've been very laser focused on our even flow production and just gradually ramping that up to the increased start level that you noted. And that ultimately does flow through. As I noted, we're seeing about a 2-week cycle time delay. So it's not going to perfectly flow through, but we should see in subsequent quarters, our deliveries matching that start pace.
Jon Jaffe: We think that's accurate guidance, Ivy, based on us very methodically scheduling when we're going to sell a home. It's not the same in all markets. It's later in some markets than others, but it's a very carefully, very meticulous plan not to sell out ahead of ourselves.
Jon Jaffe: Ivy, also remember from a macro view that today, the home is the hub of people's life, very different than it was in the past. So it's not just where they live. It's where they work. It's where they educate. It's where they recreate. And post pandemic, that's still going to be the case for the large part, and therefore, people view the home as more valuable and will put a larger portion of their income towards that more important asset in the home.
Jon Jaffe: And so our focus is on a monthly payment that's very similar to the -- what a mortgage payment be, but, as Rick highlighted, without the down payment.
