Stuart Miller: Okay, good. I'm going to turn it over to Rick and Jon, but I want to correct one thing that I apparently said. Jon is not the Chief Financial Officer of the company. He is the Chief Operating Officer, and I didn't want to dethrone Bruce inadvertently, so let me turn it over to Jon and Rick to give some color on that.
Stuart Miller: Let me jump in here, Ivy, and say that, you know, I think that we had at the outset, a strategic advantage. We started with an overlay of homebuilding operations where we had market data and market intelligence. We understood that we were not dealing with a national apartment market or for sale market for that matter, but we were dealing with local markets and each one would have to be regarded carefully and individually. We mapped out our strategy for investment for land acquisition. We were careful to avoid markets that looked like they were becoming oversaturated. I think Rick and Jon and the entire multifamily team did an extraordinary job of finding the opportunities where growth would be consistent and where we would have long dated opportunities for a sustained business. And given the fact that we had a very deep research team already established that had an eye towards not just the rental markets but also the for-sale markets, we think gave us a better window into the market and better strategic positioning. There is a lot of talk about the urban markets being somewhat overbuilt in most of those instances. Those were the markets where we saw the most action and where we didn't get heavily involved or where we did, we got involved very early at very attractive pricing.  So I think that we are starting to hear - everybody is starting to hear that there might be a little bit more heat in some of the rental markets. What I've heard articulated by one of the best and brightest in the rental market is that we're probably coming to the later innings of a double header, the first game of a double header. We might see a little bit of softness for a period of time but it looks like and it feels like absorption is going to outstrip any kind of oversupply in fairly short order and we think that there's a lot of run rate for the multifamily markets, for the rental markets going forward.
Stuart Miller: Well, the example of migrating from conventional to digital marketing is put forth, simply, as an example. We have initiatives throughout our organization that are designed to use technologies to change the landscape of the way that we're operating our business. Some other examples of that are as simple as in and around technology. We are revamping the entire plumbing system of our technology department to reconfigure in a more efficient manner in the way we input information and ultimately, produce reports for people in the field. That seems kind of simplistic but in a company like ours that has evolved systems over a lot of years, going back and reconfiguring systems with a proper tubing system enables us to reduce the number of applications that we're actually using in the field with multiple points of input to drive efficient export of data to the people that need to use it on a regular basis. It will enable us to be more accurate. It will enable us to be a lot more timely, approaching real time distribution of data over the next year or two. This will - that initiative alone will drive costs down. We view that over the next couple of years, there's a 20 basis point to 50 basis point reduction in SG&A that we'll derive just from that. Now, there might be some intermittent ticks up in cost but primarily, the trend will be down. In our production arena, we are using our technologies to look at the number of models and the efficiency of the plan designs that we're offering our customers in the field. We're looking at technologies to review and to consolidate the view of SKUs that we're offering across our different markets. All of these things we view as opportunities to bring another 10, 20, 50 basis points to either the reduction of SG&A or potentially, the efficiency of our construction efforts.
Stuart Miller: Yes, we are seeing signs of that. The biggest issue associated with Houston right now is you're still seeing positive employment growth. The issue is that, that growth is really happening at the lower wage jobs as opposed to the higher wage jobs. Driving that or stemming from that, our lower-priced homes and we have a lot of communities in Houston that are focused on the lower price, are doing extremely well. It's really once you get above that $400,000 price point in the oil corridor, where sales are off and if you were to break out our business between our higher price and our lower price, what's dragging Houston down is the higher price communities. That being said, we've got some core assets that are lowland bases that we are just hanging on and metering out so sales to the buyers that are there. We are seeing in rig counts slow - decline, the decline in rig counts slow down. You're starting to see a little bit more relo activity or talk of relo activity as oil inches back up. As it moves above 50, 55, I think you'll start to see an overall change in temperament throughout the market.
Stuart Miller: Yes, our strategy and we've been talking about it for some time now, is with the maturity of the market, we're clearly focused on reverting to our core of what we almost call reverting to pure play. We think that the development of some of these strategic ancillary businesses were very much a part of growing the core out of the downturn and leveraging opportunities that were part of our DNA. But having developed those strategies to elements of maturity, we think that there are opportunities that we have maintained as optional opportunities for those businesses to find better programs for themselves. You see that embedded in the way that FivePoint has been evolving. If you look at the management team of FivePoint, led by Emile Haddad, who we have been working - he's been working within the company for over 20 years. The management team is a self-sufficient, independent, highly confident, industry leading management team that's prepared to operate very independently. And as has been reported, we have been looking at an opportune time to invigorate an IPO. The market doesn't happen to be there but with that said, it's emblematic of the strategies that we've employed. Jeff Krasnoff leads Rialto. Rialto has its self-sufficient team. And of course, as we've talked about quite a lot on this call, our Multifamily Program, LMC, is also led by Todd Farrell, very strong leader with a core management team that it, too, is operating very independently. So while under the Lennar umbrella, we all tend to thrive and work well together and synergistically, the core mission right now is to revert to pure play as a home builder and to, ultimately, over the next years, as opportunities present themselves, find proper homes for those opportunities.
Stuart Miller: Well, look, we've talked about that a number of times and look, Rialto has some of its legacy assets that came about in the beginnings of the recovery are a minor drag to an operation but the big bold opportunity is this blue-chip operating machine that we have built as an asset manager and as a conduit business. That business is really well-crafted to participate in this ultra-regulatory environment that we have run into, where both bank regulation, whether it's Basel III or Dodd-Frank and risk retention rules all kind of migrate business in the direction of the platform that we've built. And over time, Rialto was going to benefit from these things, is well-positioned. The money that we have raised is clearly earmarked for those kinds of things, and it convinces a real confidence in the opportunity set that lies ahead.
Stuart Miller: I think in a general sense, the transaction is very similar. As is widely known, the IPO market has been tepid, at best. It's just not the opportune time but the strategy of putting together FivePoint and large-scale communities under one umbrella management team was a strategy that was primary under any circumstances. The contribution that we made basically had a very similar net impact and might be some nuanced differences. And in terms of FivePoint's profitability going forward, I think you'll look to the numbers that come out from FivePoint independently, as it has asserted itself as an independent entity, very much part of our construct. So I think that what you're seeing is very similar to what we articulated as part of an IPO process but just not with the fruition of the IPO process. And the combination that we've engineered in anticipation of something in the future is about creating efficiencies and effectiveness and growing this large-scale blue chip operating platform for large-scale community development.
Stuart Miller: Well, look, I think that what we've articulated is a slow and steady growth recovery environment that has defined housing but a lot of choppiness along the way. And I guess if there's a representation of the choppiness we're talking about, it's the way that the first quarter evolved, kind of as a surprise to everyone. Fed raised interest rates, starting January 1 right out of the chutes at the beginning of the year, the capital markets tanked and it created some lack of confidence in the consumer. I think generally speaking, you can't time where the choppiness actually exists. And so we left a fairly wide range as we gave guidance at the beginning of the year. We're probably trending to the lower parts of that range but I think it derives from the choppiness that's embedded in the system and the way that the years started out. And so at the end of the day, I think this is well within kind of the range that we've articulated. I don't think it should be of any concern that we're trending towards the lower part of that range. In fact, it's exactly why we gave the range that we did, recognizing that there's some tugs and pulls to the downside as well as the upside. But we still believe very strongly that the trend is upward.
Stuart Miller: Let me just, in this context, remind one thing that I said in the early - in my initial remarks and that is, we tend to look at national numbers, even the roll up of Lennar's numbers are a national roll-up across the country. We're actually dealing with a lot of very, very different markets that roll up and sometimes give some kind of quirky roll up results. And so each market is operating very independently, is finding that the volatility in its unique market can sometimes relate to jobs, can sometimes relate to macro environment, can sometimes relate to the international environment. So you are seeing a roll up of all of those trends. So let's not forget that these are a lot of local markets that are operating very independently.
Stuart Miller: No, I wouldn't think of it exactly that way. Although, that is - we are all targeting the same basic buyer. It just kind of depends on what the appetite of the buyer is at a moment in time. But I think that what we were articulating is that our keen understanding of each local market gave us an advantage as a new entrant to understanding where the demand actually lay and what the opportunity set was. It also gave us a very sensitive group of tentacles in the market as to where activity was evolving. So it enabled us to avoid the markets that were perhaps getting a little bit too hot while gearing towards the markets that had the most, the deepest set of opportunities. So I would say that the multifamily group has interacted very symbiotically with the for sale group and it's really worked to our benefit in developing a long-term strategy.
Stuart Miller: Well, look, let's remember that we are always competing as a for sale home builder against the rental markets and perhaps more importantly, against the existing home markets. So we've been pricing against rental rates for decades and the fact that we happen to be producing some of those rental communities in our markets is incidental. The fact is in none of our markets are we a dominant factor. To the contrary, we might have a community or two in any of the markets in which we operate in and our homebuilding operation and pricing per se operates very independently from the way that we're pricing rental rates. I would say to steer clear of viewing those two - any kind of relationship in rental rates and for sale pricing as interdependent as it relates to our management team pricing either one.
Stuart Miller: Okay, great. Well, listen, thank you everybody for joining today, couldn't be happier to present our results. We think we're on a good track and look forward to reconvening to report our third quarter earnings.
Jon Jaffe: Ivy, its Jon. Overall, we saw strong sales in different markets that tend to cover both starter price points and move up price points. For example, specifically, Northwest was strong across all segments. Southern California was strong, Southeast and Southwest Florida were strong, Charlotte and the Carolinas also strong, and Central Valley, which is a more affordable price point for California. The place that was off the most was Houston. As you would expect, as we continue to see the effects of job loss there, and you see that also with our greatest increase in incentives in Houston, even though for the overall company, we're flat. So if you look at it in big picture, Florida was year-over-year sort of flat for us in absorption pace, California flat, Texas, excluding Houston, was actually improved nicely, and the Carolinas were improved. And clearly we do see some lower demand in the higher price points as compared to lower price points, but generally it's still submarket driven.
Jon Jaffe: Sure, this is Jon again. California, as I said a moment ago, from a sales pace perspective, has remained strong year over year. We see a pace of over five sales per community per month on average. Certainly at the lower price point, it absorbs faster. California, in general though, it's hard to produce homes at the lower price points because not only of land costs but also because of impact fees being as significant as they are. And so that tends to drive particularly, in Southern California, the Bay Area, a higher sales point. And at that higher sales price point, clearly, it's hard to get significant momentum above, I think, the current levels. We are seeing a sustained interest, particularly in the Asian or Chinese buyer. We haven't seen that fall off. So if you look at a place like Irvine, where it's been very significant. We have good data at the Great Park. That's remains very consistent and healthy, same thing in the Bay Area marketplace, so we're seeing consistency there. Bakersfield, probably, is off the most in terms of California markets, it's similar to Houston. It's not as severe to us that was hurt by the pullback in the energy sector which is a lot of the job creation so there's been in Bakersfield, so there's job loss in Bakersfield. Fresno remains healthy, though, from a Central Valley perspective.
Jon Jaffe: This is Jon. I wouldn't describe conditions as better. What you see is a change as the construction cycle moves into this part of the year, so you see more stress, perhaps in the drywall area today than you did before, and perhaps less stress at the front end, with flats but overall, it remains very constrained. All of the increase for us was in the labor category. In fact, because of the low point of lumber in our deliveries in Q2, actually, material costs were down for us year over year. So still can see pressure in labor and it ties into the point Stuart was making, where we're very focused on doing a better job of our tools communicating with our labor force. So that we could communicate job site readiness and their availability and be better connected with our trade partners.
Jon Jaffe: Well, this is Jon. Again the biggest needle mover was the decline in sales pace in Houston, when you look at the Central. Other markets in the Central, saw an improvement in Phoenix and Dallas has remained very strong and improved year over year in terms of sales pace and the West fluctuates very much based on community openings. So for example, the Bay Area, which remains very strong was down year over year, and that's just based on timing. We went from an absorption of over seven sales per month per community to five. Five is very healthy, but I would just say that's just dependent on timing of communities and very similar throughout the rest of California.
Jon Jaffe: I think, in general, you see as municipalities struggle to deal with the increase in activity, a slowness in bringing communities online so I think you'd expect that trend to continue somewhat.
Jon Jaffe: And if you look at Central activity, our sales were up 22% year-over-year for the quarter. We've got some communities that were held back because of weather. It was really wet in parts of the Central US. And so you'll start to see those come on end of this quarter, beginning of next.
Rick Beckwitt: Hi, Ivy. It's Rick. First, I would tell you that we couldn't be, from our standpoint better positioned. You've got to go back in time. We started this program back in 2011 and a lot of the pipeline was secured at points in time where there wasn't a lot of people looking for a land opportunity, and it's coming through our machine right now. We've got key strategies, the merchant built strategy where we're going to sell those assets and generate good and consistent profits for us as a company. And our build-to-core strategy gives us the opportunity to hold on to these assets for a longer period of time because it's in a longer growth vehicle. As you look at the things that we've put under contract, we were very careful in first of all, understanding where the growth in the market was going to be, focusing on vacancy levels, focusing on age of product that was close to our assets. So just like in our homebuilding business, we were very specific on identifying where things were going to come on and compete. And I can tell you, looking across the portfolio we really couldn't be better positioned right now.
Rick Beckwitt: And Ivy, just a last thing on that. If we are in that stage where the market gets a little bit soft and that - what that's going to do is it's going to drive some of the people out of the market and given the fact that we just created this $2 billion venture, it's going to position us to really capitalize on the opportunity as people step away from the market. So we're really excited about where we are.
Rick Beckwitt: I think it's a - this is Rick. It's a combination of several factors, choppiness, as Stuart said. We are seeing some labor price increases out in the field and that's flowing through our product. Certainly, the building material manufacturers are trying to get more for their product as well. That, combined with a slowing of sales price increases, has caused our margins to compress a little bit. As you step back from that, I'd say that there's still very healthy margins. We're very much focused on operating margin and if we can get some incremental deliveries, you'll see the play on operating margin and that's really how we're operating the company. We are - we continue to benefit from some land assets that we bought in prior years, but when we're replacing those land assets and a little bit higher land cost basis running through so it's a combination of all those things that has an impact on gross margin.
Rick Beckwitt: Let me just add a little more color on that. If you look at the first time buyer, they are generally focused on, because of affordability, suburban type opportunities that require a little bit longer commute for them to get to where their work center is. In our multifamily operation, what we focused on is very transit-oriented locations, suburban-urban, a little bit urban, very location specific for folks that can't or may choose not to buy, but want to rent and they want to be in a live, work, play type of environment so we've really got two discrete strategies going on right now to capture that person that's in that first-time buyer world.
