John E. Gallina: Yes. Thank you, A.J., and good morning. So, I'll just – on the share buyback, yes, we do intend to still buy back approximately $1.5 billion during the year. If you look at our first quarter results, we're a little bit north of one-fourth of that associated with actual buyback those occurred so far in the first three months of the year. And on the capital deployment, as Gail said, we want to be opportunistic and we also want to be very capital efficient. I don't know that there's a better example of standing up a new line in a capital efficient manner than how we're handling the IngenioRx rollout. I mean, we're going to stand up our own PBM in the most capital efficient manner within the industry and feel very, very good about that. And then, you take the other capital that we have in terms of being opportunistic, we think we can really deploy it very wisely over the next few years.
John E. Gallina: Yeah. Hi, Ana, this is John. So, thank you for the question. In terms of the MLR, we're very pleased with the performance that we have here in the first quarter and I believe that our outlook and increasing guidance by $0.30 to greater than $15.30 actually helps us solidify the sustainability of that. As we look to 2019, it's a little premature to provide specific information associated with metrics. But what I will say is that when we price, we'll price in a disciplined manner. We'll price based on our target margins, which are determined on a pre-tax basis and feel very good about the fact that we have a good sustainable platform in order to grow our business.
John E. Gallina: Yeah. Thank you, Kevin, for the question. In terms of our cash flow and cash availability at our parent, we do have we believe enough dry powder available given our size and our scale. As Gail said, we want to be opportunistic about M&A, solidify our expanded footprint, enhanced (44:07) capabilities, basically what do we need to do to serve our members better and we'll look at M&A in that capacity and believe that we are not at all disadvantaged in terms of our ability to finance a potential acquisition. We don't want to do a deal for the sake of doing a deal. We want to do a deal to help serve our members better and we need to make sure that we keep that in mind as we go forward and look at these potential opportunities.
John E. Gallina: Sure, Josh. I'll take your first half of your one question and then turn it over to Gail for the second half. But in terms of seasonality and guidance, you're correct, about a month or so ago, we talked about the fact that a year ago, we earned a little more than two-thirds of our earnings in the first six months of the year and the expectation here in 2018 is that it would be just over 60%, slightly greater than 60% would be earned in the first half of the year. And then, a little bit more than half of that would be earned in the first quarter. And when that was made, there were a couple of things. You've identified the $0.20 timing issue associated with the Medicaid retro premium adjustments, where that's a great thing, we got that early. That clearly just moves money from the second quarter to the first quarter in terms of our expectations, doesn't really change the overall annual structure. The other part was the flu season. We had anticipated a worse than normal flu season. It started in December and our guidance baked that in. And through the end of February, it was quite elevated and we expected it to be elevated through the end of March. And quite honestly, the month of March was a more normalized flu season, and so, that in and of itself created a benefit to the first quarter more so than we were expecting. And then really, and probably most important, is the strong underlying results, better-than-expected MLR, really strong medical management-type initiatives and success in that area and all those things I'll equate it to really a very, very strong first quarter. We still believe that for the first half of the year that our earnings expectations is that it will be slightly greater than 60% of the annual number. But as you pointed out, it is a little bit different between the first quarter and second quarter than maybe we anticipated 30 days ago.
John E. Gallina: Sure, Zach. Flu clearly was a contributor. Overall, it really was a good disciplined pricing with strong medical cost management across the enterprise. Yeah, I will say that our Individual business actually did a little bit better-than-expected as well. The strategy that we employed with our reduced footprint actually is playing out extremely well and that helped. But it's really it's across the board where we're actually pretty excited about the long-term prospects now.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, hey, Gary, good morning and thank you for the questions. I'll just say at first, in terms of the capital commitments we have associated with Ingenio for setting up in 2019 and 2020, it's quite minimal. And the guidance that we've provided and the long-term growth rate that we've provided has already encompassed whatever additional spending that might need to be incurred in order to set it up successfully. So, we're pretty comfortable with that. And then, in terms of just G&A in general over the next few years, there's always moving parts every year. We have increased our investment spending quite significantly here starting in late 2017 and moving into 2018 as we really want to focus on growth opportunities and enhancements and things that can serve our members better. And we'll, obviously, reassess that on an annual basis, but there's nothing that's truly significant and meaningful that will impact your modeling of it. With that, why don't I turn your question over then to Brian Griffin, who can give you a little bit more color in terms of some of the capabilities that we're building.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, Steve. What I shared with everyone at the last call is we feel very optimistic about our business. There's a number of things inside of our business, which I've already outlined and we'll go through them again, but the growth opportunity is – the organic growth opportunity is plus the growth that the standing up of IngenioRx brings to us, I think, provide us a lot of confidence around moving from high single to low double digits at the higher end of that range. So, I'm not going to comment beyond that, but I would say that across our leadership team and the work that we're focused on, which is clearly executing on our opportunities, we always aspire to do better, but we're intensely focused on delivering on the commitments that we've laid out.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Great. Well, thank you for the question. There's a couple of ways to look at it. IngenioRx, by itself, is a significant opportunity for us to sell a, I think, a new model PBM, so we've shared that opportunity. But in addition to that on the call today, talking about our Diversified business group, we have historically had a number of companies and assets that we are looking to leverage more extensively. Assets like AIM and CareMore, or Health Insights, or Health Analytics, payment integrity, those are assets that first and foremost we deployed inside of Anthem to help deliver many of the medical cost results that we've had. Provider enablement and tools, the Enhanced Personal Care initiative that I shared with you is another example of not just contracting methodologies, but data, informatics and tools in supporting care providers at the market level. What we're doing is really bringing those together. First and foremost, we're focused and we think we do have an opportunity to sell those to other plans within the system and also do partnerships with them. I think the Medicaid partnerships are great example of our goal, I think, to help leverage our assets to help overall system and we think that we've got some very strong capabilities there. But it's also I think beyond the Blue system working with care providers and their system I think we've got opportunities to sell into that as well. So, it's a fairly broad strategy. We've just brought this asset together. So, at this stage, it's an emerging component, but it's something that already provides us support inside of our business.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Kevin, thanks for the question. Let me address the strategic opportunities and then I'll have John speak to a little bit of the cash flow impact. First and foremost, I think John stated it particularly around the PBM. We're going to be able to build an incredibly cash efficient, capitally efficient PBM by leveraging the buying power of our partner, CVS, in this. We're going to put into the market sort of all new capabilities essentially and I think, from that perspective, we feel that we're advantaged that we have an opportunity to build the next-generation PBM with brand new technology and at scale and not only across our business, but an opportunity to sell that into other businesses. More broadly, as we think about M&A, one of the unique things, I think, for Anthem, is our deep market presence and we have significant organic growth opportunities inside of our own business that we're going to leverage and take advantage of. But we also have opportunities because of our scale and local scale to do partnerships and again, more effectively leverage capital in the most efficient way. So, I think that our overall strategy, yes, we'll be opportunistic particularly around capabilities and areas that we think will help us grow our business faster, but we have a very strong view of where we believe that our growth profile can come from and the positive returns that we can have. So, with that, I'll ask John to more specifically address your question around – on overall capital.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Thank you, Brian. And thank you all for joining us this morning. We're very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead of us. We are intensely focused on improving execution throughout our company, delivering on the significant growth opportunities within our existing business and creating an agile, innovation-focused culture that can identify and capitalize on new growth opportunities in what continues to be a dynamic health care market. And I want to thank each of our more than 58,000 associates for their commitment to Anthem and for living our values each and every day to deliver on our promises to always serve. Thank you for your interest in Anthem and I look forward to speaking with you at future events.
