John Gallina: Thank you, Justin. And I do appreciate you you're taking your question or maybe I should say questions on DCP. But yes, our DCP is down by 1.5 days quarter-over-quarter and 0.9 days sequentially. And there's a lot of things that go into that calculation all the way from the number of days and the denominator can change on a quarter-over-quarter basis to various other aspects. I'll just state at the outset that our DCP will not get lower by reducing reserves. We have a very consistent and conservative methodology associated with our actuarial team. And in terms of coming up with reserves, those reserves are consistent here at March 31st as they were at December 31st and that there is no benefit to the income statement associated with this drop in DCP. So having that behind maybe talk a little bit about some of the mechanics that you asked about. We have a mix in the type of claims is obviously very important. And you look at a year ago, we were in the midst of the Omicron surge with COVID. COVID claims had a longer cycle time than other claims do. That had been the case through the entirety of the pandemic. And when you have a claim type that takes longer, both for the provider to bill us and for our adjudication process, the cycle time becomes longer, DCP just mathematically becomes a little bit inflated. And so with COVID being so much less in the first quarter of 2023 than it was in 2022 or 2021 for that matter, that cycle time is really very important, and so you see a drop. On reserves, and I made this comment in the prepared statements, but I think it's really important on the reserves, we have these retrospective provider pass-through payments that we get from our Medicaid partners, Medicaid states, And the amount of those reserves as of March of 2023 are $400 million less than they were at the end of March of 2022. And if we pulled out from the calculation from our reserves, these pass-through payments, which passed through by definition, have zero impact on net income. Then you would be able to see that our Medical Claims Payable balances have grown 10.1% year-over-year compared to a 9.4% growth in premium. Further, showing that our reserving methodologies are conservative, and our reserves are still very, very strong. So in terms of how long it's going to take to get to the low 40s, be another few years. And there's any number of constructs that could -- will occur. But we are starting to see payment cycles more consistent with pre-pandemic era payment cycles. And as those things are fully baked into the numbers, you should expect DCP to tweak down as a result. So thank you very much for the question and the opportunity to clarify all that.
John Gallina: No, thank you for the question, A.J. We're certainly very comfortable with our MLR guidance and really pleased to report a first quarter medical loss ratio of 85.8%. And maybe reiterating what I stated at Investor Day, the overall cost structure and the overall trends are very much aligned with our expectations, consistent with our pricing methodologies and consistent with our thought process. Now those trends are slightly elevated from what cost trends were pre-pandemic level. But as I said, they're exactly in line with our expectations and exactly aligned with our pricing methodology. So our MLR certainly has improved from the first quarter of 2022. And I think you can see that coming through in the Health Benefits segment margins. But we're pretty comfortable with where trend sits right now compared to our expectations. Thank you.
John Gallina: Yes. Thank you, Nathan. Appreciate the question, and I'll start with the end of your question first. We are very confident that the utilization trends that we are seeing are captured on our MLR guidance for the year. So that is not an issue at all as we sit here today. In terms of some of the cost pressures, they said there are cost pressures and there are a lot of areas that are doing better than we had had anticipated. On the GLP-1, that's been talked about quite a bit. We've got a lot of protocols in there. I do want to make sure people are clear that GLP-1 is both weight loss and diabetes. And for weight loss, we do not cover weight loss drugs, with the exception of a few states where it's required by state law. So that's not really has ever been part of the conversation and was never part of any of the commentary. I just want to make sure everybody was clear on that. And then in terms of the diabetes drugs, certainly, we want to making sure that people who have diabetes that need access to those drugs are getting access to them, but to have the appropriate protocol, so that they're not utilized for purposes that are other than medical necessity for diabetes-type folks. And on the other side of the equation, we're still seeing very good trends, maybe in terms of ER is still below pandemic era or pre-pandemic era levels. We've got -- COVID is actually a bit less than we had estimated at this point in time. We had a more mild flu season. The timing of when we pay for the vaccine serum in terms of the boosters has now been pushed out later in the year. There are many, many, many estimates that go into trend. Overall, we are very comfortable with where we sit today. Thank you.
John Gallina: Thank you, Dave. I'll start out with just addressing the acuity factor is what you were describing, which is now part of a standardized Medicaid rate renewal process associated with what the belief is the acuity of the population will be those covered, which is different than what existed in 2019. And so we feel very good about that. The acuity shifts are now a standard input into the actuarial rating models. And as I said, that was not the case in 2019. We -- this has started here already in 2023 in January. We work very closely with our state partners to ensure that we have actuarially justified rates. And since the acuity factors part of that actuarial assessment, we feel very, very good about it. In terms of the exact percentage, that's not something that we're going to talk about here publicly. Each state is different. Each state has its actuaries. We have our actuaries. We have had very, very good success at having the meeting of the minds with the vast majority of our states in terms of actuarially equivalent rates. So we feel very good about it. But nothing really has changed in terms of our ability to hit our numbers for the rest of the year and where we think are really our great catchers met that we have positions us well for Medicaid redeterminations regardless where the members end up going to seek health insurance coverage.
John Gallina: Thank you for that question, Kevin. And I guess the first thing I really do have to say is we feel very good about where MLR came in and where trend came in, and it actually was a bit better than our expectations. So, when I look at what we have been projecting as of the beginning of the year, our 86.8% is actually positive to those expectations. In terms of pricing, our goal is always to price to cover forward trend and then to guide that way. We had said that for Commercial that there were some underlying cost structures associated with COVID that we needed to ensure that our pricing reflected not only forward trend, but also that so that our total pricing reflected the overall cost structure. I think we've done a very, very good job now here at the end of the first quarter of really trying to get -- hit that sweet spot of pricing to really retain a nice large cohort of our membership as well as to see the margin expansion. So, we actually feel very, very good about where the results are and do believe that we're a bit better than we had anticipated even 90 days ago.
John Gallina: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. I appreciate the question. And as you think about the -- some of the tailwinds that we have in 2023, it certainly includes the repricing of commercial to better reflect the overall cost structure. We're still doing fine in Medicaid. And then as you pointed out, the Medicare Advantage we now have a higher percent star revenue than we did the year before, and our risk-adjusted scores are getting back to more normalized levels. So it definitely is one of the tailwinds that we are -- that we do have for 2023. So the fact that it wasn't in the prepared comments, don't read anything into that specifically other than to say that it's really -- it's a very good be a growing line of business for us over the next several years, and we feel very, very good about how well-positioned we are. And then with the three-year phase-in of the rate notice, I think we can certainly manage through that as well. So Medicare Advantage continues to be a very important line of business for us. Thank you.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah. Thanks, John, and thanks, Justin. And I just want to reiterate what John said because I think it is a really important question. We feel we had a really strong start to this year and that, again, reiterating that DCP didn't impact earnings. And as you think about all the factors John talked about really is the mix and the longer tail of COVID claims and entering a more reasonable payment cycle. So thanks very much for the question, the opportunity to provide a little more perspective there. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question, Lance. I'm going to ask Morgan Kendrick first to talk a little bit about our fee-based business and then probably, Pete, to share what's happening in Carelon, because I think you hit on a really important point. One, the improvement of services that we're selling through to commercial, it's been a strategy for a number of years, and we've made some nice progress, as you've seen just in the percentage of premium going up and the profit per member. And then, obviously, Carelon is a big part of that, not just with the PBM, but Carelon Services. So, Morgan, please share.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thank you for the question. I would just offer one additional proof point. We've shared this before, which is -- the customers who are single sourcing with us that we have many times shared multiple carriers, and we've done 23 of those over the last few years. And I think that's another good example of our ability not only consolidate medical but also to sell additional services, and it shows the value that we're bringing to the market. So again, just another quick proof point on ability to cross-sell. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Ben. And I guess, first, I'll start and then ask Felicia Norwood to provide some perspective. First and foremost, we were pleased to see that CMS moved to phase in the risk model in the final notice. That will give us time all in the industry and with care providers to adjust. So as you know, we're in the midst of the 2024 bids. So we won't talk a lot about that, but I'll ask Felicia maybe to share a little bit more perspective on everything.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thank you for the question, Lisa. I think understanding our overall care provider strategy, it's really important that it's, first and foremost, critical to how we think about our health benefits business. And again, you said it at the beginning of the comments, it's about driving greater value-based care and importantly, increasing the amount of downside risk that we're going to share with providers. A couple of weeks ago, we shared with you, as you know, at the investor conference that our goal is to get to 80% of our consolidated health care reimbursement and value-based care by 27% and 40% downside. And again, we're sitting in the mid-60% right now and a little bit varied by business. But again, as you are thinking about our strategy, you mentioned Aledade and a few others, that's just one piece of it. It's important that we're trying to solve this for all lines of business and across multiple geographies. And so for us, we want it for Commercial, Medicaid, and Medicare. So, one size model isn't going to fit all for us. With respect to Carelon, what we're building and investing in our new enablement capabilities and those are going to allow us to accelerate the management and take more whole person risk from a variety of structures, quite frankly, not just through primary care. And again, I guess I would like to point out what's different about how we're thinking about scaling and leveraging what Carelon has and building across that continuum is that we really see a huge opportunity to enable and integrate specialty for the chronic and complex. That's an area you just heard Felicia talk about the dual population. It's a big population for us, specialized populations in Medicaid. And they're a huge part of benefit expense, and we think that's an area that has been under sourced quite frankly. So, as we think about it, yes, we are in partnerships. As you mentioned, some of those, they're important. They're helping us grow. But it's only one piece of our broader strategy, which, again, is to drive value-based care in our markets. And so we do see this as a big opportunity to drive both more consistency in our health benefits business, but also importantly drive operating gain and earnings inside of Carelon as we increase our capabilities. So, a little bit different than just primary care focused. I think much broader than that and how we're thinking about the overall strategy. Thanks very much for the question. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Steve. I'll ask Morgan to provide a little more color. But I guess I would say, if you look at the history of our business, we've had a pretty resilient book of business, both matched a little bit heavily – more heavily to government business, but we, quite frankly, diversified that and see nice growth in the individual, which you mentioned. From the employer perspective, I would just point to two things. One, we continue, as Morgan said, around those three areas of experience and value affordability to really drive, I think, a distinctive offering in the marketplace. So that served us well, certainly in the fee-based business, but also BlueCard. The Blue system overall, our BlueCard numbers are up, and that shows the distinctive value we add in our network across the entire system. So I think that's another -- in a recessionary whatever kind of environment that you might think about, we actually, I think, managed quite well because of distinctive value, and we're continuing to innovate our products. But I'll ask Morgan maybe to trade a little bit more color on how we see in the marketplace.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question, Kevin. I'll start and then ask Morgan to share his perspective. I think one of the things about our presence in the exchange marketplace is that we've been very consistent around sort of where we started. We've always been in that business. Quite frankly, we've never lost money in that business. So, we've been very careful about the expansion, and we've done it, I would say, on a very paced way. So, over the last several years, we've added counties as we've understood them, re-contracted, make sure the network was specifically curated. I think we've done a nice job of understanding the risk adjustment mechanisms and all of those things. So, in total, as we -- this year added more counties, that was a very paced and understood expansion. So, we feel very good about it, quite frankly. We feel very good about the performance profile of the members in there because we have a really good handle on who they are and kind of what our expectations are. And as they come in from Medicaid, obviously, we know the Medicaid profile as well because we're big in those states, too. So I guess my answer would be, look, we aren't someone who just came into the exchanges and one big fell swoop and wanted to make a big hit one year. We've had a very paced and measured progression of both our growth as well as our expansion, so feel very good about that. But maybe Morgan, if you want to add a couple of more comments about that.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah. And thanks for the question. Thanks, John. And overall, I guess, reiterate we do feel the government business performed better than expectations. So we feel very good about to be specific to your question.
Gail Boudreaux: Now I'd like to close by saying thank you. We're pleased to have delivered a strong start to 2023, and we're confident that the ongoing execution of our strategy positions us to continue delivering against the financial targets that we shared with you at our investor conference last month. Through a steadfast focus on whole health and our diverse and expanding suite of products and solutions, we will continue to meet the needs of consumers, customers and the communities that we serve, advancing our strategy of becoming a lifetime trusted health partner. We'll keep executing with focus and discipline to bring increasing value to all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your interest in Elevance Health, and have a great rest of the week.
Morgan Kendrick: Lance, thanks for the question. When we think about the fee-based business, we've had a really, really strong run in the past several years. And I think that goes back and speaks to the health and the value that we're driving to the market, especially to the employers who are actually spending their own money. To your point, Carelon is a big, big piece of it. We had a really nice selling cycle this year, in fact, with the pharmacy business. We didn't see very many jumbos in the medical side. So thus, that was sort of absent from the actual Rx percentage as well for us. But nonetheless, we're seeing more and more attraction to this idea of the whole integrated delivery model of pharmacy medical together and the value that's delivering. Secondly, you think about the other products that are working with Carelon on, whether it's the behavioral health, whether these are sort of the incentive programs around payment integrity and bill review, things of that nature that are really important to our self-funded customers, that continues to see very strong growth and attraction from the market. That said, at the end of the day, Pete's team and my team are working together to build for purpose things that create value in the market. And again, I'll anchor back to the three things that Gail mentioned in the beginning in her opening remarks. The market is keenly focused on affordability, experience and simplicity. And the more that we can pull together, the better it's going to be for our markets. And I think the connection here between Carelon and the commercial fee-based business is strategically critical to that, continuing to drive growth. Pete, I'll turn it to you.
Morgan Kendrick: Steven, one thing to camp on to Gail's comments there. When you think about our business, we're -- as she indicated, we're certainly not very indexed so to speak, in the hospitality industry, the tech industry. To Gail's point, it's more government business and you think about our downmarket business in particular. It's -- I don't like to use the word resilient, but it certainly is to a degree more so than others that have a different focus of the business. When you think about the recessionary times being negative, of course, it's interesting because the market tends to gravitate to certainty. And I think that's what we're seeing, when we're seeing employers consolidate benefit decisions into single vendor, when employers were having all-time high persistency rates, not only upmarket, but also down market, certainly experienced attrition in the risk-based business downmarket, which was purposeful as we written that book, but feel really good about the progress that we're making and feel really good about the way the assets are being seen and resonating in the market with our customers. Thank you.
Morgan Kendrick: Kevin, thanks for the question, and Gail. I don't know there's a whole lot to add back to the comment around pace and sustainability of the business, Kevin. We took this very measured approach, certainly, looking at Medicaid redeterminations, we wanted to make sure we were expanding into the areas where we could serve as many members as we could in our 14 geographies. That said, the interesting thing about this cycle, we had a lot of ins and outs in the market with competitors that had come in and then left. So it left a lot of movement in the market that perhaps ordinarily wouldn't have occurred. So back to Gail's comments, we feel good about where we're positioned. We feel good about the economics behind it and are positioned well for when redetermination begins.
