Wayne S. Deveydt: Happy to answer both of those questions with what we know at this point in time. Let me start with your question around when do you have claims data or know the risk profile better. Because of the delay in when the exchanges got rolled out, we would have liked to been able to say that we were starting to get some early data reads by the end of February going into March. I think that essentially gets pushed out about 2 more months further when you start getting what looks to be more of a run rate view of this. That being said, we get pharmacy data real-time and we get it daily. And so we are able to look at the pharmacy data that we have out there, along with the data analytics profiling we're able to do using our historical small group and Individual and the metrics we built. When we look at product selection, sex, age, the ZIP code, income levels, et cetera, running a small portion of that population through, the analytics would imply that, that coupled with pharmacy is aligning with our pricing right now. On your second question about how many are previously uninsured, we're not able to really track that yet. What we do know based on the screening that we have with the new applications coming in that approximately 80% of those were not previously insured by WellPoint. What we can't tell you though is what percentage was uninsured or what percentage came from the industry at large that was previously insured. But we do know that the majority at this point is not previously a WellPoint member.
Wayne S. Deveydt: No. I would say -- our applications are coming in better than we had expected, Josh. While we weren't in a process of assuming down membership, I would say it's still early, but we're actually performing a little bit better than we had anticipated.
Wayne S. Deveydt: No, I didn't say that. We'll give more guidance. I would just say that at this point, we're not saying whether we will grow. But we are feeling better about what we've been expecting regarding our repositioning of product.
Wayne S. Deveydt: That's correct. It becomes then a function of what underlying trend looks like and what we're able to do to medically manage it on the Commercial and MA book.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Justin, very good question. Let me first start off putting this in perspective. Of the original 1.75 million members we had at 12/31, a reasonable portion of that had a January 1 renewal date and the majority of that did early renewal or went into a grandfather product and we have full premium on that already. Relative to the 500,000-plus applications that we have, we are still getting enrollment with the January 1 effective date as early as this week for what they call phantom files that the various states or the federal exchanges found at this point. So it is really hard for me to quantify what has been fully billed and collected at this point since we're still getting files as recent as this past Monday for January 1. That being said, the vast majority of those files we received have been pushed through, enrollment cards have been submitted and bills have been submitted. And they have until January 31. We have collected premium on a majority of that, but we're not at what I'll call a vast majority yet.
Wayne S. Deveydt: So Christine, while we'll give more details at our IR day, let me first state that our guidance did assume that we would begin to reposition our book even further, placing ourselves over both '14 and '15 to prepare for '16, recognizing we would have membership attraction, but we would go for margin retention and expansion. So we are expecting to at least maintain margins into the at least $8 number with the upside opportunity being for some further expansion. And as Joe commented earlier, we are starting to see even slightly better enrollment versus what our expectations would have been with those margin expansion.
Wayne S. Deveydt: So let me start with the Medicaid and how that's going, and then we'll talk about the seasonal patterns. It's early, but I would say that the dialogue continues to at least improve each day. But we're far from having this finalized and inked with our various states. Until we actually get a signed contract, we are going to withhold at least recognizing that opportunity. That being said, Kentucky has agreed to allow for the growth of the fee. They understand the need for a sustainable Medicaid program, and this is part of sustainability. But I do want to highlight that for WellPoint, we were not in Kentucky last year, so the fee does not get assessed to us related to Kentucky Medicaid in '14, but we will get that beginning in '15. So we have a state there. We have another state that we're very close to but still more to come there and a lot of work still to be done. But the industry is focused on this and the states are really understanding the need for a viable program requires this fee to be passed on.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, Christine, great question. To be candid with the exchanges and the timing and how that's rolling out, I'm more concerned about how that progresses. The reduction of the reinsurance down to a level closer to $45,000 versus the $60,000 for metal products both on and off exchanges also will influence that. So I think that -- let's wait for IR Day because I think I'll have a better feel, too, on some of that timing. We have a point of view today, but that view is going evolve quickly as these exchanges continue to evolve. And it's such a large amount of risk enrollment coming in that we really have to get our hands around the final volume there as we see it. So some more at IR Day.
Wayne S. Deveydt: A.J., very good question. That is core trend when we talk about the 50 basis points. That is completely separate from the impact of the ACA, the adverse deviation we thought would happen to the book with a higher risk profile member, as well as an older member. So that is purely core trend.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. A.J., we had assumed that we would see actually an uptick in utilization, that we would not see a postponement. And the theory behind that, which was validated, was that as individuals began to receive cancellation notices, that there would be many individuals that would consider utilizing their services due to the uncertainties of what the new benefits may look like. I think what happened from our perspective though is that not only did they receive cancellation notices, but as the exchanges were not functioning properly in October and November, there's also nowhere to go to even compare what options would be available to them. So we actually saw in our individual book specifically in those markets that received the majority of the cancellation notices, that's where we saw a much more significant uptick in utilization in the book.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Let me start with saying that there is dumping occurring for 2014. So the question all becomes one of relativity. And what I would say is that while there wasn't an option in many cases where that member could go in October and November, that allowed to probably a higher persistency level than we were initially anticipating. That being said, our above $8 does assume still a level of dumping that occurs. And it also assumes a margin contraction within the existing small group book as that margin is lower than what we've historically managed to but is better than we would have saw in exchange margins. So as we go into '15, more to come. But I actually think a reasonable amount of the headwind that we would anticipate is going to come through our '14 numbers.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Short answer is yes to both parts of the question. We won't disclose the details of the contract, but we do believe it gives us an appropriate opportunity to earn a fair margin on that business up to a dollar amount cap.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I don't know that we'll disclose what the dollar amount cap is because we really don't know what the terms of our competitors are. I would say that it would achieve our higher-level margins we would expect for our Medicaid book, which is very encouraging for us. And it provides some protection in the early years of duals. But it also is a program that has a cap at some point in time. And so we feel good about it for '14 for certain. And we'll see how it evolves in the out-years.
Wayne S. Deveydt: The early read is encouraging. And I think at this point, the next phase though is actually getting those members officially enrolled and working with the states. I think the volume is probably larger than many had expected. And the woodworking effect for those that maybe don't qualify for the exchange but always qualify for Medicaid within the states had agreed to expand is encouraging at this point as well. So at this point, I would say that it's going to ramp up as the year goes through. But we think it only validates the strategic bet we've made in acquiring Amerigroup, and we're very encouraged by that.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Let me first start off by saying that we were selected to participate in 3 counties in California, Santa Clara and Alameda, and then as a subcontractor in L.A. County. We are in, at this point. So we've worked with rates. We've got contracts inked in 2 of the 3 counties. We're very close to finalizing the third at this point. But we are planning to participate. I think it's fair to say that there's a lot of uncertainty still. But I think we've got within striking distance on rates. And the contract that we have with the state that provides downside protection we think will give us a unique strategic opportunity over the next couple of years to not only engage in the duals, but use it as a competitive advantage to learn and to grow our membership and our revenues in a profitable way in the out-years both within the state and hopefully use that experience as we bid on other states going forward.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Some of it is as simple as we've got a darn good management team we picked up from Amerigroup. And this is what they do for a living all the time. And they brought some unique capabilities and perspective to helping us manage that book on what a Medicaid chassis needs to look like, not a Commercial chassis. And I think there's a lot of work to still be done there. I think Dick would tell you that as well. I think he's encouraged that the contract he was able to get negotiated for our company to give him even further time to maintain those margins while he continues to work on the underlying improvement needed in that book. But a lot of it is blocking and tackling with a good management team.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Ralph, I want to make sure I understand the question. So we have passed on in our pricing the fee. The issue becomes the nondeductibility. But relative to the fee, our pricing has assumed in all of our books that the full fee will be passed on. The industry, as you know, has roughly an $8 billion fee being assessed to it in the current year. WellPoint's share of that fee is north of $900 million. We have fully passed it on in our pricing, but it gets into challenges of the nondeductibility. But that's why I think we mentioned earlier, too, the cash flow, core run rate cash flow we think will be very strong, but there'll be some unique timing issues this year between the payment of the fee and the collections of the fees.
Wayne S. Deveydt: It's de minimis still. I mean, on the big screen, it's de minimis. The majority of the fee is going in on January 1.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Let me first start with your $150 million. The vast majority of that ended up getting substantially spent in the fourth quarter. It wasn't all quite spent the way we would have anticipated or expected. I think we had assumed a larger level of marketing that did get slowed down because the exchanges weren't up and running as aggressively as we had anticipated. But the volume that came in, in the month of December and early January was much more than we could have ever anticipated. And so the level of staffing and overtime that we incurred in December specifically really is a reflection of using those dollars. So at this point, I'd say those dollars have been used. Relative to morbidity, let me simply state this. We assumed that the population on exchanges would be older than our book that we had within the existing WellPoint book, both Individual and small groups. So I would say, first and foremost, we assumed that we would have an older age group on exchanges than what we already have with large market share within our existing books. We also assumed that we would lose part of our existing book that was healthy in exchanges and that we would pick up a sicker population. So we assumed both what I would call an adverse selection for age and an adverse selection for health status. And I think in many markets, you can see where we are priced 20% to 30% higher in certain large metropolitan markets than our competitors, we're still winning market share, which we're encouraged by. But that price delta really is a reflection of a higher morbidity than we had historically experienced.
Joseph R. Swedish: Justin, this is Joe. In the context of maybe giving a little more color, I would like to comment on the fact that we are pleased with how the situation is tracking regarding the exchanges. It's still early, but our preliminary data is certainly reinforcing our confidence in the strategy that we've implemented and that the investments that we've made, I think, are very wise in terms of arriving at the current state of affairs. We believe that we are well set-up to potentially serve an even larger part of the market in 2014 and beyond. And we believe also that because of the policy applications are higher-than-historical levels, our sense is that, again we are well positioned regarding the migration path to March 31, when enrollment does close out.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yes, this is Joe. Thanks for the question. Maybe step back for a moment and just restate that as we've said, we expect EPS above $8 for 2014. And maybe I should even underscore greater than, become comfortable saying that at the moment. We do feel good about what we've seen thus far on the exchanges and we feel good about our growth opportunities more broadly in a variety of areas as commented on in our statements a moment ago. I think our execution with respect to how we've evolved as a company operationally and strategically is very strong. And the structural realignment that's occurred in the company is also bringing a lot more accountability and focus because we've got a lot of seasoned executive leaders that are really dialed in to the opportunities that are being presented to us. A couple of points I want to bring out in terms of what we see as positives. We're growing our ASO space and Medicaid membership nicely. And all of our proprietary work and the efforts that we've put in to the exchange environment certainly appears to be producing some upside for us that we believe will carry nicely into 2014. We recognize there's a lot of work to do regarding the challenges that occur from time-to-time. But I think the early read for us going into '14 is that we've got opportunities that we will be able to accumulate because of the leverage that we've created in terms of investments, as well as a variety of strategic positioning that has occurred. All that said, the changes that are facing our industry are, I think, admittedly very substantial, and it still remains very early in the year. So we're trying to be realistic about all these moving parts and how they're coming together so that we can provide you a much more clear picture of what '14 may turn into. But again, I want to underscore that we believe there is positive operating momentum as we see it at the moment, and we believe that it will continue. So altogether, I think we just want to underscore that something greater than $8 is definitely where we're headed.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yes. Thanks for that question. This is Joe again. Obviously, we're tracking this as best we can given the development of the exchange marketplace. What we can say at the moment based on our data is that the application activity so far is very consistent with our expectations, meaning that the average age of the application reflects individuals that are close to what we anticipate in our pricing. And I think that's important to underscore. The actuarial value of the plan selected by those folks is also close to what we expected. So all-in, I believe because of having invested in some predictive modeling capabilities that allows us to carefully analyze the data, we believe that we've got an early read that is giving us insight into a risk profile that confirms that again we're tracking close to what we anticipated with respect to both pricing, as well as actuarial value of the plans that were selected.
Joseph R. Swedish: Well, maybe step back a little bit and look at the all-in enrollment as we now see it. And just roughly 0.5 million applications for Individual coverage has been received thus far, and that's actually as of last week. What we've observed is that the majority have been from new members to WellPoint, which I think is important. Secondly, over 80% have come through the public exchange with a balance remaining off-exchange. And then about 95% of the people have applied online. So put all that together, about 2/3 of the applicants were subsidy-eligible. And I think we really don't know how many members came from the uninsured. We only know that they're new to WellPoint. So those are some of the data points that we've collected and we're trying to better understand the meaning behind those data points. And again I think we're going to learn more as we kind of approach March 31.
Joseph R. Swedish: And also let me piggyback on Wayne's comment about the Amerigroup integration. It really has been a remarkable year bringing in what I would declare to be a very strategic asset for the company. We've commented already that I think our accretion targets are on track. But more importantly, I think with respect to our engagement in the markets, it's an incredibly growing space that we're extremely well positioned to serve in multiple states with some new wins, as well as some projected outlook that suggests that we've got continued upside in this growing space. So again I just want to underscore the strategic value as well as the performance that we've realized thus far point to many wins for us regarding that acquisition.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yes. I appreciate that portrayal. I think that maybe what I can do is begin with a quick summary of what I've witnessed thus far. As you know, I'm nearing the completion of my first year with the company. And what I have seen gives me a lot of cause for optimism. We've really focused heavily on a combination of both a strategic engagement, as well as an operational improvement focus that on balance, I think the 2 together positions us extremely well regarding the opportunities that you've just described that I believe we can pick up. Maybe I should underscore that, as I said earlier, the Amerigroup acquisition, I think, has been incredibly successful for us and has positioned us well in the government space, both Medicare, Medicaid and other facets of government work. Our exchange preparation that began prior years, I think, has created an incredible strong position for us as we've entered into the enrollment phase. And we'll certainly witness how that will play out by March 31. Our focus on duals growth, I believe, will certainly create opportunity for us. Medicaid expansion, and I think that certainly has a strong outlook. A great example there is our Tennessee award, which I think is a huge lift for our Medicaid focus. That, in Tennessee, will create, we believe, over the next few years, $1 billion in added revenue. And I think in the main, we're very well positioned regarding our engagement in all of our markets by way of increasing performance and provider collaboration, huge commitment for us in that space. We now have 60 ACOs, 80,000 providers engaged with us through value-based payments, which total something on the order of $300 million in payment stream. So when you put all that together, I think, and what I'm most proud of, we have a very, I think, stabilized platform. We've got a great strategic outlook in terms of these, I guess, so-called headwinds that are ever-present in our industry. We have fine-tuned the company, great future outlook. And having said all that, certainly want to be realistic about all the moving parts as we've talked about that have come upon us. Getting deeper into the year, we're going to know a lot more about some of the points that you raised and probably will be able to comment quite a bit at Investors' Day. But net-net, we see positive momentum. And I'm optimistic about our ability to execute, given all these challenges that are with us. Let me just express my thanks for all of you that joined us as well as for your great questions. In closing, let me reiterate that we're pleased with our 2013 performance, which I believe reflected strong execution across our Commercial and Government Business segments leading to the 13% growth in adjusted earnings per share and also the continued strong operating cash flow generation. The rollout of exchanges continues to progress as we've underscored and our preliminary membership indicators are tracking very well. Our 2014 outlook for earnings per share is greater than $8, we believe, is a prudent position at this stage in light of the continued uncertainties around the exchanges. We look forward to providing you with more details about our financial outlook and strategies to drive this future growth at the upcoming Investors' Day. So again, I want to thank everybody for participating on our call this morning. Operator, please provide the call replay instructions.
Matthew Borsch: I just wanted to ask a couple of follow-up questions on the exchanges. The first, just to understand on the age distribution that you're seeing in the applications, does it look like you're getting, on balance, a younger population or I should say a more evenly distributed age population than the statistics are showing for the exchanges overall? I'm just trying to get -- because you're talking about getting a reasonable distribution there and yet the other reports on some of the exchange distribution, maybe not California, suggest that it's highly skewed to the older segment.
Matthew Borsch: So it might be more accurate to say that the age distribution that's being seen in the exchanges overall is something that was less of a surprise to you guys given your modeling.
Matthew Borsch: Okay. And just also were you surprised by -- well, a recent survey, the McKinsey survey finding or implying, because it was a survey, that a very high majority of the exchange enrollment was coming from people previously covered. Does that -- I can tell you, I was surprised because of the other indication from HHS that 80% of the exchange enrollment was subsidy-eligible so that would've suggested to me it was more uninsured. I don't know you don't know yet. I'm just wondering what your perspective is.
