Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, Lance. Let me frame a little bit of what you asked, and then I'll ask Pete Haytaian, who leads Carelon to give you a little bit more color on that. First, in terms of org structure, we've actually been building our team over the last 18 months, and Pete's done a really strong job of both, bringing individuals who are in the services industry to Carelon, but also taking individuals from our health benefits business, who have a deep understanding of that business and having them lead. So we feel we've got a really good mix of talent and have been building our bench strength pretty effectively. So we don't envision any structural changes, obviously, as acquisitions come in, they fit into the verticals that we've shared as part of our strategy. So let me just have Pete comment a little bit about -- a little bit more about Carelon and our growth there.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks, Pete. And Lance, specifically, in terms of how we're deploying, we see those partnerships and some of the investments we've made as part of our overall value-based care strategy. Our penetration has been strong, we're around 63% driven by purposeful collaboration. Those are two really good examples. We continue to learn and improve that approach, and part of that is how we work closely with Carelon to capitate services and actually, I think, impact more of the health care dollar and impact more of overall services. But we feel really confident about the strategy that we've deployed. And as I've shared before on these calls, we know that sharing -- the downside risk is really the most important part of where we need to achieve better outcomes. And so we're continuing to grow those arrangements, Early days still, but we feel good about the partnerships that we have, and we continue to expand them, and we feel on track to deliver on the goals that we've shared previously at our Investor Day, but also in these calls. So thanks very much for the question and next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thank you, A.J. That was a very comprehensive set of questions, and let me try to kind of go through them. First, we really are excited about the acquisition of Blue Cross and Blue Shield Louisiana. As you said, it's been some time since one of these has occurred. But I think as you think about like the driver for this, this is very much a strategic acquisition. The Board of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana, really wanted to have a greater impact and accelerate the strategy that they put in place. This is a solidly run plan, 4.5-star Medicare plan. And I think those are really important things as you think about this acquisition. The other thing that I think is really important for us is Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana very much aligns with our strategy. They're deeply rooted in their local communities. They -- as we shared, they've served Louisiana for more than 90 years. Our mission and purpose is well aligned. And we've had a healthy Blue Alliance partnership with them that serves our Medicaid and dual special needs plans for a number of years now. So we've worked together culturally, I think there's a great alignment there. And the other thing is we're excited because this brings the 15th Blue state. So we can -- just as we have in our other 14, we've kept our deep local roots in a new market, but we also can bring our national scale and access to our portfolio of innovative solutions and capabilities, again, accelerating what the Blue Cross Blue Shield strategic focus has been, and that supports the community. And I think accelerates their strategy and making an even greater difference in impact on the 1.9 million lives. In terms of closing, this will be subject to the normal closing conditions. And as we shared, we believe that we expect the deal to close in the second half of 2023. So again, not much more there. We do feel the impact that we can have on the community and the citizen in Louisiana with the foundation, accelerate Louisiana really is a strong component of this and helps accelerate health care status, accessibility, affordability as well as health equity, and those are areas that we've been deeply investing and committed to as well. In terms of collaborations, you heard that we've done a number of collaborations and feel good about the Synergy Medical Collective, which is a great example of all of us coming together around medical specialty and again, with an alignment and focus around fundamentally improving affordability. We have 150 million Americans that we serve across this country. And we feel that ability for us to work together to have an even greater impact, again, on access and affordability is really important. And I would just point to that as an example. So, thank you very much for the question. I think we, again, are excited about this. We think it's a great collaboration for us and feel that there's an opportunity for us to work together and for us to obviously use Carelon to help support the advancement of all Blues. So thanks very much. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks, Felicia. And Scott, that will be in January 24, just from a timing perspective. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes, thanks, John. And Kevin, I think it's an insightful question because as you've heard us talk about, I think there's three core pillars of how we see our business evolving. Optimizing our health benefits business. It's highly scaled. We're very diversified in that business. And again, as you think about 2023, we have an opportunity for margin recovery, which is really we've been intensely focused on. But the other two pillars, I think, are really important about our future growth, which is investing in growth opportunities. And then third, accelerating services and capabilities, particularly through Carelon. And remember, as we think about Carelon, a lot of that is synergistic with our health plan business. We've continued to grow this and that allows the synergy to also occur with Carelon services as well as expanding capabilities that you've seen us, but through organically and inorganically. So overall, I think we've got more levers than we've ever had historically, and those positioned us well for the balance that John just shared. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, Josh. In terms of -- a little bit consistent, I guess, with what I shared before on value-based care, I mean, we've been -- we continue, quite frankly, to refine and improve our strategy. We feel we're making really good progress on it. What we're seeing is a lot more interest in sharing up and downside risk. Historically, value-based care was more upside risk and we've gotten about 63%. We've gone -- we've continued to refine that to now include much more downside risk. And also, I think one of the biggest differences is the sharing of data bilaterally and much more timely. So that action can be taken in -- I think, in a much more integrated way. And we're doing a lot of work with that with our care providers. It's embedded. And also, what happens, like, post primary care. So how do we manage all the specialty services? That's a big part of the Carelon strategy in terms of what Pete is doing in his business. So as I think about that, I would say, structurally, we're seeing a lot more interest and a lot more conversation as this takes several years for, I think, physician practices to get comfortable with value-based care. And so, we're building credibility with that. We're getting better at our reporting and our engagement. And we're not only doing it across Medicare Advantage, and I think that is one of the changes. Some of our relationships are specific to commercial, for example, and that's a very different approach, including with some fee-based customers. So that would be a trend. In terms of the ownership of physicians, I think, we've been very consistent about that. We do own physicians in terms of our integrated health plans, and those have performed very well in MMM and health fund in Florida. I think, CareMore is beginning to become even more integrated with the work we're doing. So I think our strategy has stayed very consistent there. So I don't really have any significant updates, other than I think it's all embedded and our ability to drive more downside risk integrate data in a much more real-time basis. And then, really become true partners and train each other and how do we work in a value-based care environment. As, I think, you know well, this doesn't happen overnight, and it takes quite a bit of work for us on both sides to be committed to the long-term partnership, but we feel good, and we're seeing more enrollment in those partnerships. And the results have been good. We see differentiated quality and cost outcomes. So thank you very much for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Sure, Whit. I'm going to have Morgan Kendrick, who leads our commercial business, give you some perspective there.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think, as Morgan just shared, we're making really nice progress on really improving the -- both the revenue per member and the profitability per member in our fee-based business. And the example he gave, I think, helps demonstrate that. And so overall, we feel it's been strong and we have a lot of confidence in that. So thanks again for the question. And it's, again, part of optimizing our health benefits business that we've talked about. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, John, and thank you for everyone for joining us. In closing, we're pleased to have delivered another strong year in 2022 and are confident that the ongoing execution of our strategy positions us well for 2023. We look forward to discussing our long-term strategy in greater detail at our 2023 Investor Conference, which we said we plan to host in New York City on March 23, 2023. Thank you for your interest in Elevance Health, and have a great rest of week. Thank you.
Peter Haytaian: Yes. No, thanks a lot Gail. Thanks a lot, Lance, for the question. Overall, as Gail said, we're really pleased with the momentum and performance that we saw in 2022. And as Gail noted, in the year, we did do a lot around restructuring. We obviously went through rebranding, which there was a lot of excitement around. And as she said, we infused a lot of new talent across the organization. And then, in terms of the infrastructure we built internally, we're very focused. As you know, a core part of our strategy is focused on internal growth and serving Elevance affiliated health plans. And so we built the infrastructure to engage, to a much better degree, with our associates and partners internally. And we're seeing really good progress there. I hope you can see that through the numbers and the improvement in the year. We remain keenly focused on whole health and improving the patient experience. That's something else that we're very focused on looking from the outside in, in terms of the patient experience. And I'd say the other thing that we've been really focused on internally, and we're trying to change the culture, and its working, is driving more risk and capitation through the portfolio. And that has really helped in terms of the acceleration of our growth and the innovation that we're seeing going forward. As it relates to your question on some of the care delivery partnerships. We're seeing really good progress there. Again, when you look at the assets within Carelon, it can add a lot of value to our partners. And so, we continue to look to wrap around those services and create incremental value. And as we look forward, we have that in mind as well. When we talk to our provider base partners, where are they feeling stressed, where can we support them. So there's a lot of opportunity that we got going forward.
Peter Haytaian: Yes. No, thanks for the question, Nathan. As it relates to 2023, just to be clear, and John noted this in the prepared remarks, the low double-digit range growth in 2023 is really organic growth. It does not include M&A. I think if you look at our recent history, there's been a lot of M&A that's contributed meaningfully to us. And we're being very intentional about that. We're very focused on it. It's something that we'll continue to do. And I think it's an important part of our growth strategy going forward. As Gail said, in terms of the amount of medical spend that we penetrate, we'll talk more about that at Investor Day, but we're really encouraged with our trajectory right now. We feel like we can continue to grow pretty significantly. There's a lot of white space internally. So a lot of opportunity there. But to your point about external growth, we did establish some new leadership. We've got a new infrastructure in terms of external growth. We're very focused, as Gail said, you've heard a lot about the Blues and Blue partnerships, and we're very encouraged of what we're seeing in terms of the Blue opportunity. So we do think we can see nice growth externally as well. But again, our first focus is on the affiliated health plans and creating value there first.
Peter Haytaian: Yes. Thanks. In terms of the short-term, if you're referencing the script growth, overall, we're going to see nice script growth in Medicare and commercial. In terms of the headwind to that, really, that's due to the Medicaid dynamic around reverifications, or redeterminations. And then overall, we're going to see lower COVID vaccination. So that doesn't impact operating gain, but that is really the reason for the difference in the numbers in terms of what you're seeing short-term, long-term. In terms of overall growth, though, we feel really good about how we're doing in the pharmacy business. There continues to be a lot of interest in our integrated value proposition. In 2022, we're coming off a good year. We saw a 300% improvement in net membership growth. So that was good in terms of penetrating our self-funded business. And we're seeing that continue to play through into 2023. We're obviously through a lot of the selling for the beginning of the year, what we did see is we saw a lot more activity and penetration in the 10,000 or less business. We saw RFPs up by about 6% year-over-year. And again, I'll reiterate, but this is a segment an area that we perform really, really well in. I think you referenced a synergy at the end of your question. And again, to Gail's point in our commentary, our focus, a big part of our strategy is overall affordability and choice and this creates an opportunity for us in the context of medical specialty to create more affordability for our members. Again, by working in conjunction with the Blues across 100 million Americans, those that are utilizing specialty on the medical side, we have an opportunity to create much greater affordability. So we look forward to that. That work is in earnest right now in 2023 with value potentially playing through into 2024.
Peter Haytaian: Yes, George. Thanks a lot for that question. And I think it's helpful to sort of step back and think about our overall strategy and where we started in this regard. When we started a few years ago, we always talked about being a different kind of PBM and our strategy has been keenly focused on whole health and integration of medical, pharmacy, behavioral and social. And that's been core to what we've been doing. And we've also said, and we've been very deliberate about this, that we want to own the strategic levers that matter. Those that, quite frankly, drive the greatest affordability choice, and of course superior patient experience. And that's the journey we're going on. I think what you're seeing in BioPlus and what you're seeing in synergy are really good examples of that and what we prioritized. If you look at specialty pharmacy, it's 40% to 50% of the overall drug spend right now. And it's a critical driver of value for patients. And so that's where we started. And we'll continue on this journey, again, through the lens of greater affordability and superior patient experience. So over time, you will continue to see us take ownership of the strategic levers that really matter.
Peter Haytaian: Yes. Thanks for the question, Gary. We feel really good about adding BioPlus to the family. It hasn't obviously closed yet. We think it will likely close in the first quarter. And in terms of their breath, I won't get into all the specifics about it, but they are the largest independent specialty pharmacy out there that remains with a broad range of services. They cover over 100 of the limited distribution drugs. So we feel really good about that. And their footprint is covering all 50 states. So we believe it's a really great platform. The other thing I would say that we're really impressed by two things, quite frankly. One is really great talent over there with a lot of experience, long-standing experience. And then the other real differentiating factor around BioPlus is their differentiated service model. Time to therapy, the speed to which they're providing services is really differentiating and we'd like to build upon that. So we're excited about this. And when it closes, we're obviously going to be very focused on building the scale to be able to take on all our specialty pharmacy.
John Gallina: Thank you, Justin. Good morning. And we do appreciate the questions. In terms of commercial, we're actually doing very, very well. We have a repricing effort going on that began on July 1 of 2022. And what we had seen was, the overall cost structure of the commercial market was higher than we had assumed. And so, this repricing was about 25% of the large group block in July. And then we repriced about 50% of the block here on January 1, 2023, and it was really to ensure that the premiums more accurately reflect the underlying cost structure of the book. The result of that would be margin recovery associated with that. We feel very good about the progress that we're making, and we still stand by the commitments that were made in our prior Investor Day to get the commercial margins up to the level that we had estimated by 2025. You have to look at now the health services segment in total. And as you had asked, we have the commercial margin improvement ongoing, we will have Medicare margin improvement, as our risk adjusters are really recovering, risk-adjusted revenue really recovering from pandemic era lows. Also, we do have 74% of our MA membership in 4-star plans or above for the 2023 payment year. And we believe our Medicare Advantage business will be solidly within the target margin range of 3% to 5%. And then, on Medicaid, which was your final question, we've been working very closely with our state partners on Medicaid and feel very good about the rating actions. And that the rates are actuarially sound rates and feel very good about that. However, we were making either at or above the high end of our range here in the last couple of years, which obviously resulted in MLR collars and various other rebates being paid back to the states. We expect that the Medicaid business will be solidly within the 2% to 4% range, closer to the high end, but still with actuarial equivalent rates. So hopefully, that helps clarify all that. Thank you.
John Gallina: Yes, sure. Thank you, Scott, for the question. So associated with Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana. As we had stated, we're not expecting that to close until later in [Technical Difficulty] impact on 2023 will not be material, really data line items. However, assuming it does close in 2023 -- in 2024, what we should see is an incremental 1.6 million members after you eliminate the various double counts and you referenced the significant partnership we have with them already. So it's an incremental 1.6 million members. And it's really -- it's an incremental $4.5 billion in revenue on top of what we have now. So that's really about the high-level economics that we would expect to inure in 2024.
John Gallina: Thank you for the question Lisa and we're not discussing specific trend assumption for 2023, but really when you look at some of the cost drivers that we have relative to the expectations, emergency room has been favorable, in-patient has been favorable, pharmacy cost actually running a little bit higher than expected. And out-patient is running a little bit higher than expected. I don’t know that we really see any pent-up demand as much as we see -- being as much as the new normal. But just to reiterate. The overall cost structure of the business is higher than if COVID had never occurred. COVID is here and it continues to be a cost driver. What I think is probably most important in all of this is that our pricing now reflects the underlying cost structure and our MLR guidance also reflects this higher cost structure. So we actually feel very well positioned going into 2023. Thank you.
John Gallina: Yes. Thank you for the question, Kevin. And as you indicated in your question, we're not going to provide any specific details we did on 2024. Obviously, at our Investor Day coming up here in a few months, we'll provide a lot more long-term aspirations. But I think the way you've characterized 2023 is correct. It's really -- it's a year of optimizing our health benefits business, while we continue to grow and expand the capabilities within Carelon. And then you talk about, well, gee, could the headwind be greater? As you look at the Medicaid redeterminations, there's certainly a lot of variables associated with the pace and timing, on a state-by-state basis, where they go, which lines of business, they ultimately reside in I think one of the great things about the balance and resilience of our membership base is that we end up with the members somewhere. We have a product offering for every member regardless of age, regardless of employment status, with regardless of health condition, and feel very, very good. So we do expect approximately about half of the Medicaid members to be reverified here in this calendar year and the other half next year. So there is some balance there. But at the end of the day, we are very well positioned to retain much of that membership. Thank you.
John Gallina: Thank you for the question, Dave. As you can imagine, there's a lot of puts and takes associated with SG&A ratios and by the ability to invest and the fact that we have been investing quite heavily in various digital capabilities, things that are member facing and can actually improve the member experience. The other aspect is that, we've really enjoyed a lot of fixed cost leveraging. Our premiums grew at 13.5% year-over-year, which obviously allowed the SG&A ratio to decline from that aspect as well. So, we do expect a reduction in our operating expense ratio in 2023, driven by the leverage of top line growth, as well as improved operating efficiency, partially offset by the reinvestment and strategic initiatives in support of our growth. So, while certainly, the mix of business does matter. And as we said in the guidance, Carelon services carries a higher SG&A ratio than the rest of the company in general. And we expect Carelon Services to grow faster, a lot of puts and takes. But fixed cost leveraging and investment in capabilities are probably two of the most significant drivers year-over-year. Thank you.
