Joseph R. Swedish: Thank you, A.J. I appreciate the question. We continue to closely monitor the regulatory developments around ACA implementation. Generally speaking, we do not expect the recent announcements. Such as employer mandate delays and change to premium rating for tobacco use to have a material impact on our implementation of ACA. We are continuing to work with our regulators at both the state and federal levels to make the implementation as smooth as possible. We are actively preparing for an October 1 open enrollment period on the exchanges on the markets we serve. And we expect Medicaid eligibility expansion in about half of our states, as we mentioned in the commentary. At this point, we do not expect any material delays. But should there be any changes, we will adapt and adjust as necessary as I believe we've developed contingency plans and we're well prepared for any kind of headwind of the nature just mentioned.
Joseph R. Swedish: Thank you. Yes, it is north of $1 billion. It's an extremely large-scale IT infrastructure. So we do have to acknowledge that. So the level of spend is the expected. We're spending a lot of our time right now, and we're still in a very significant analytical phase to better understand the distribution of spend around what I call lights on compared to, let's say, improved technologies that better prepares for engagement in the marketplace, particularly around points that I mentioned earlier, which is data analytics, customer service, medical management. So I really can't give you specifics at the moment in terms of the sort of -- what I'd call better allocation. Obviously, we want to optimize. We want to create more efficiency and effectiveness in our spend. And my sense is throughout the remainder of the year, we're going to be focusing very heavily on the balance of all of those spends against our future outlook in terms of the need for the technology to better prepare us for the future. So I would tell you to maybe keep an eye open for this. We'll speak more to this through the balance of the year and certainly leading up to the Investor Day.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yes. Let me first point out that we are very pleased to have been selected to participate in all 19 regions for the individual exchange in California. So we do have a very significant presence in terms of the rollout. We expect most of the volume growth from the ACA expansion that comes through this individual exchange proposition and give them packed subsidies, et cetera. So again, we're very honored to been selected to participate on such a broad scale. You probably know that initially, the exchange for the California had a requirement that all plans participating on the individual exchange also participate in the shop or the small group public exchange. They recently removed this requirement in June. And as a result, we then chose to withdraw our shop application and then are prepared to focus all of our efforts on the individual exchange in the state. As we said in the prepared remarks, we do intend to selectively participate in shop exchanges. And I would envision they are sort of being an evolutionary kind of migration path with shop in California as time marches on. We will continue to offer small group coverage outside of the exchange in the state, and we look forward to serving a lot of new individual customers as part of covered California. So my sense is it's a very balanced engagement that is now set up because of the choice made by the state, and we feel we're very, very well positioned to move forward and migrate to maybe a bigger position in the later time. But right now, I think we're in a very strong position.
Joseph R. Swedish: Great. Maybe let me take the ASO growth in lives and then maybe shift over to Wayne for the balance. But as you know, the selling season remains in progress. And as a result, we have, I think, some insight looking into the possibilities for '14. At this point, we do expect to be a net membership gainer next year based on our visibility and a variety of accounts, as you point out, with approximately 0.75 million new ASO lives possibly coming into the membership roles. I should point out that our gross wins were even higher, though we continue to expect some in-group attrition next year given some attrition related such as state prisoner accounts movement and commercial coverage to state Medicaid programs. So net-net, we do feel good about the uptick in our ASO membership, and I'm sure we'll be providing a lot more insight to you as the year progresses.
Joseph R. Swedish: I might add that -- and I think your question is really a strong question regarding our outlook as we prepare for '14. We have, over the last 90 days, engaged heavily in analytics around kind of creating the building blocks for '14. And our view is the next 6 months, we're going to be fairly dynamic regarding building our organization to execute on our commitments in and around the exchanges and other facets of our company in terms of securing member growth, et cetera. So my sense is all the effort we've been putting into our alignment with -- and preparation for '14 has been very strong. And I look forward to beginning to execute in a variety of spaces as we move into 1/1/14.
Joseph R. Swedish: I also like to add that, just as a reminder, CareMore represents about 13% of our Medicare Advantage membership portfolio. So it is, in our view, an integral part of our portfolio. And we really are looking favorably at it in terms of being able to leverage it to provide greater support to our MA book.
Joseph R. Swedish: Thank you for your questions. I really appreciate the opportunity to receive them, as well as be responsive. In closing, we are pleased with the strong financial results of the first 6 months, and we are on track for a better-than-expected full year of 2013. Looking ahead, we will deliver on our purpose to transform health care with trusted and caring solutions and our vision to be a valued and trusted health care partner for those we serve. We are encouraged by the positive momentum we see building in our membership and revenue trends. And we continue to plan and prepare for uncertainties around the near-term implementation of health care reform provisions. Longer term, I believe there is a clear opportunity for the Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans to leverage their local market expertise and familiarity to broadly advance both care access and affordability. This strong competitive positioning leads to a substantial value creation opportunity for our enterprise, driven by accelerating top line growth opportunities, strong cash flow generation, our continued focus on returning capital through our share repurchase and dividend programs. And as we continue to review our portfolio of assets, we will ensure we are most appropriately allocating your capital in a way that best drives us to deliver on the opportunities we see ahead. I want to thank everyone for participating on our call this morning. Operator, please provide the call replay instructions.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Justin, this is Wayne. Let me start with your latter question first regarding industry fee. We are cautiously optimistic about our ability to pass the industry fee itself on as part of the general pricing and have doing that so far and have been in active dialogue as well with our states in the Medicaid front regarding the importance of this fee and the sustainability of these programs for the long term. That being said, I think it's also important to recognize that the lack of deductibility on the fee is an incremental challenge, though, that needs to be managed as well. So passing on the fee in and of itself is not enough. We have to manage the fact that the fee is not deductible. And for that, we believe over the immediate term through actions around pricing that we're trying to do, coupled with the longer-term actions we can do around G&A efficiency, that we can manage it over the longer period, which gets to your second -- or your original question, which was how our revenue is built out to come up with that $20 billion of incremental revenue between now and the end of 2016. And while we will provide more details at an upcoming IR Day, I would simply say that a substantial portion of that fee comes from both the Medicaid expansion and the individual on exchange expansion with nominal growth necessarily coming from Local Group. I would also highlight that it's important to recognize we clearly expect headwinds in the current small group market. So while we would get a trend adjustment in our fees, we would -- each and every year over the next 3 years in Local Group, a big portion of that would be offset by the migration of small group to the exchanges. So Local Group today, we don't -- we expect to be positive for revenue growth over the next 3 years, but it's a very nominal contributor to that $20 billion with really individual on exchange and Medicaid and Part D being the biggest contributors.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Over a 3-year period, we expect those to be fairly neutral to one another. The last thing is that the one item that's a little bit of a wildcard here, although we think that our estimates are reasonable is the pace of duals.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Well, we expect a level of ASO conversion. These are absolutely new wins in the market. These are market share gains.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. Kevin, I'll take a stab at this. What I would say is Joe makes this quote occasionally, right, when we make -- that's on a crystal ball, usually E-class [ph]. And so let me first start off by saying that we have a framework of what we think is going to occur around small group, and we think maintaining a conservative posture there is the right posture until we see otherwise. That being said, what we are seeing is that more of the small group employers today still can't make a decision on choices yet because those choices are not readily available in the market until the exchanges are fully up and running. And the longer we see that delay, the more we think there is an opportunity that those small group employers will choose to maintain their existing products for another year. That being said, none of us would be able to predict what type of volatility we might see a natural pace. And so we believe maintaining a conservative posture is appropriate, albeit we think there's reasons to believe that may be slower than we initially thought. The second thing I would say is, though, we think in terms of the uptick on exchanges, it's going to be largely driven by a combination of what our efforts are to educate the market regarding the exchanges, as well as what the local state efforts are to educate the markets on exchanges. California is doing a very robust marketing plan in the state, and as you know, that's our largest individual market today. So there is a state where we see a combination of their marketing efforts coupled with ours that we think is a promising formula for exchange growth.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Let me start by saying that we're still building our '14 plans. So I would not necessarily assume things or run rate or not. I think we recognized the need for G&A efficiency to get the leverage off the growth that we expect over the next 3 years. That being said, of our original $300 million, we are reallocating about 1/3 of those dollars away from Medicare, which is still investing almost $100 million in Medicare. But moving those dollars to some of the growth opportunities we continue to see in Medicaid, plus with the new the membership we believe will have coming on in the open enrollment period being October 1 of this year, we are trying to self-fund that growth with those dollars. So in some cases, I would say, if it becomes run rate, it should be run rate because we're growing top line with it. But as Joe mentioned earlier, we think there's opportunities to invest in the short-term in our IT over the next, say, 24 to 36 months, and at the same time, drive longer-term value in the out years. So again, too early to declare what's run rate or not but recognize that we think we're deploying the dollars commensurate with the revenue that we're getting.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Chris, I would not call it an academic assumption at this point. We continue to see small group attrition accelerate even more as we get to the back half of the second quarter, and we expect that to continue. And we're not seeing it necessarily being launched in the competitive environment as much as it appears. Some of it is going into the uninsured ranks. And I think it's fair to say that some employers have started taking actions based on what they think will happen with the open enrollment period. We're also seeing in the individual market that fewer individuals are necessarily buying coverage right now as it appears to in preparation for the exchange. So from our perspective, we think it's a prudent view in light of what we've seen in the first 6 months of the year to make an assumption that, that trend will continue. And we believe it will probably slightly accelerate as more education in the exchanges begins to come out in the back half of the year.
Wayne S. Deveydt: The first thing I would say is while we're not giving 2014 guidance yet at this point in time, I think it is important to recognize that clearly, the Medicaid fully insured, we expect substantial growth and that will offset some of this. We are expecting meaningful growth in the exchanges based on what we know today. And it will be our anticipation that the broader trends will begin to at least start stabilizing. What we can't quite answer yet is what the behaviors will be of the individual consumer as the exchanges roll out, those will be eligible for subsidies, how efficient of a process it will be for them to get enrolled. So it's difficult to estimate the trends. From a standpoint of saying that we think that we'll see it this year, I would like to say that it shouldn't repeat next year because this year is about a lot of drop in coverage as people prepare for the exchanges. But ultimately, the behaviors of the consumer are going to be the primary decision maker in this level. But we see growth for Medicaid fully insured. We expect meaningful growth on the exchanges in fully insured. And depending on the small group attrition, if that slows down, it could actually result potentially in growth, but more to come.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I would say, Matt, that we are building plans and that would allow us to grow over the current guidance levels we have this year. But again, there are just too many unknowns. And as these exchanges begin to evolve, our outlook may change. So at this point, I would say that our mandate is very clear from Joe, and the initiatives we need to take to both invest in the business and grow profitably. And that's our focus. That being said, too, as we get more details around the exchanges and the small group and how that's all going to migrate, we're not going to make a short-term decisions for growth if we know that in the longer term, we can make a better investment for the business. So more to come, but we are targeting to grow next year over our current guidance.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Matt, the one thing I would say that's challenging is what when you're pricing for a new environment using an expectation for medical trend, plus the known fee of 2%, plus what we think the risk pool will look like, I'd like to tell you that we price for the potential impact of the non-deductibility of the tax, but there are so many moving parts around what mix may ultimately look like. That remains to be seen. So I would tell you that it's clearly our intention to price it at that level and to be able to do that. But I would also tell you that there's a challenging dynamic out there, which is the consumer who has to make the buying decision as well and the affordability of that. I think it's also probably more important to recognize that on the Medicaid front, this is a business that you know we're looking at 2% to 3% margin business. And I think for sustainability of the program, you have to be able to pass on the fee or the program doesn't have sustainability. The bigger challenge is ensuring that we can get the gross up for that as well. As you know, states are still having challenges within their own fiscal budgets. And so it's a dynamic process. It's clearly our intention to move down that path. And we want to make sure our shareholders fully understand that this is going to be a challenging market to manage through in terms of how we price for this.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. Let me start with the first one, Christine. And part of it is obviously the seasonality pattern that we would typically see current in the back half of the year. And I think it is important to recognize that we continue to see deductibles rise to unprecedented levels than we've seen in recent periods. And so what ends up happening is the seasonality spike that you typically saw happen in the back half of the year becomes even more pronounced if it takes a longer period to work through the deductibles. So one is we are assuming the seasonality will be, again, a little more pronounced than what you've seen historically because of the deductible levels we're seeing. Second is exactly what you said, Christine, is we are assuming a further level of attrition in both small group and individual, and primarily, in the healthy lives, as those individuals will make choices then to enter into the exchanges and potentially go naked, if you will, on coverage for a short period of time between October 1 and January 1.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. One item, Christine, to Joe's comments is that, and you had asked specifically about the $600 million of MA, and that was in the 4% to 6% organic growth. And we've said in the last quarter, and we continue to say this, which is that we think that becomes challenging with the current rate environment along the $600 million of growth. We think we have some other opportunities, though because including our Medicaid margins on the WellPoint business by just 1% adds over $100 million of incremental growth that we had not originally planned for. So I think we're comfortable still saying we believe in our double-digit long-term EPS growth. And as Joe has commented on -- but again, the reason we have a range there is for exactly things like what happened with Medicare, which is there's going to be moving parts and it's our job to figure out if we can offset in someplace else.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Thanks, Joe. Josh, one part of the question you asked was who the market share is coming from. And I would say that we're being successful across the board in many fronts, and I think we'll let our competitors speak to that on their calls. Relative to your question on headwinds and tailwinds, the one thing that I would highlight is I agree with the numerous tailwinds you've highlighted. I think we all would agree that with the growth on exchanges, that, that should ultimately be a tailwind. But I think you would also agree that there are still uncertainties on how the risk corridors will ultimately going to be settled out, how we'll be able to calculate those, as well as how the risk coding, which is still not fully defined yet on that. So there's a couple of unknowns there that from our perspective, we would agree conceptually should be a tailwind. But we still need to see some more of these data on how we account for our expected growth. Obviously, Medicaid, we expect to be growth. ASO and the accretion from Amerigroup, we agreed with. One item on Amerigroup I do want to highlight, though, is we cannot transition that account contract until a year from now, so we will have the integration associated with transitioning that contract so we won't get the full year benefits of that initially next year. But we do start to pick those up the following year. But in terms of some of the headwinds, we do think the Commercial EBIT right now would be a headwind for us. Now again, only time will tell how that eventually evolves, but we've got strong underlying trend this year. If you assume a lot of that small group membership attrits, you lose not only the strong underlying trend but you lose the absolute dollars associated with it. We expect some light pressure on Medicare just because of the reimbursement, some of the work you've highlighted. The timing of the duals is an important factor because if it rolls out sooner, it could potentially be accretive sooner. But if it rolls out slower, it could actually be diluted because of how we have to invest relative to that rollout and how much timing we get to actually start managing the care of that group. So that's a little bit of a wildcard right now as we wait on the timing. The effective tax rate is expected to rise meaningfully. And I don't think it would be an appropriate assumption to believe that every portion of the nondeductibility will be passed on. I think you have to assume that, that is not going to be the case across the board. And we'll see where medical trend goes. So I can absolutely appreciate doing some of the parts and saying that says we should be able to grow, and that's why we are targeting growth over our current guidance. But we just want to make sure folks understand there's really a lot of unknowns that still have to get defined over the next 6 months.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Let me start -- I'm going to kind of hit this in reverse order. The 140 regions represent our 14 states. It does not represent every region in every state though. So the population was larger. I would simply say that our focus was clearly on where we thought we had density and the cost of goods sold advantage. So if we didn't feel like we had that in a particular region within a particular state, we did not choose to participate. Second thing I would say is from a product perspective and a pricing perspective, we feel like we're bait. And what I mean by that is that we've got our contracting done with the products we filed. And as we said historically, we think that over time, that the rates are going to migrate to somewhere between Medicare and Commercial and be more biased over time towards the Medicare rates. Now the only way to do that is to have narrower networks, which we have accomplished, and to have the willing participants, which we have because of the volume we think we can bring to them. So at this point, we like our positioning in most regions. It's fair to say that in some regions, we don't quite understand the bidding that we've seen relative to our pricing, knowing the market share we have and the knowledge we have at the underlying population because of the market share we have. But in general, fairly optimistic about where we're at. The next key component is how we market, though, because this isn't your typical direct to consumer. This is educating on the exchanges and getting those lives to enroll. So I think this will evolve literally day by day and month by month. And I think on the next call, we'll have even more details. But even today, we still haven't seen what final pricing looks like in all 14 states relative to our competitors.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. The one thing I would say, Rob, is it's meaningfully higher than the first half spend, meaning I think you could still consider roughly the $300 million level at this point in time. It's very fungible, though, so we have many dollars allocated to be spent on an absolute basis in the second half, but recognize that we may turn those dollars off depending on how the exchanges evolve or we may reallocate those dollars depending on how we move forward. Recognize though that as you've heard us say on a net basis, we expect at least 750,000 new members by the end of '14. On a gross basis, as Joe said, we're well north of that already. And because we're well north of that, we're going to have to spend considerable dollars in the fourth quarter to ramp up for all that new enrollment. It doesn't relate to the exchanges at this point in time to get those folks done properly, which is one of the reasons we paid our inventories down. So, so much in both for the second quarter and planning to do in the third quarter so we can shift some of those resources. But there's clearly going to be incremental dollars. But we believe we can cover those in our original G&A budget for the year.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Thanks, Joe. The one thing I would highlight, too, is Arizona and Colorado, those are the newest markets for the buildup. And just as a reminder, it take 18 months just to get to roughly breakeven and so -- coupled with the volume you need. So I would say in Arizona, we have actually one market that is well exceeding those expectations to date, and we have one market that's slightly behind in those. But to look at the blank by itself would not necessarily show you those pieces. So we want to let you know, those markets are progressing in total where we thought they'd be at. But the challenge, as Joe said, is the headwind from new rate reimbursement that doesn't allow us to get the ultimate tail of the benefits in the long term, which is why we did redirect roughly $50 million, and it is not redirected to go to the bottom line. It is redirected to, one, help self-fund the significant growth we've seen in our ASO contracts this year, as well as some of the growth that we expect in exchanges and how we plan to further market and advertise our exchanges. So at this point in time, we fully expect to spend the $300 million we talked about at the beginning of the year, albeit with some of those Medicare dollars we deployed to Commercial enrollment, both ASO and exchanges.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. There are various parts and pieces to the question. First of all, that growth from $71 billion to $90 billion, we believe, is achievable related to enrollment growth in exchanges, Medicaid, duals and other products. I just want to maybe encourage that I think we are maybe best positioned at the moment to tell you that we're going to give more details at our Investors' Day. We're deep in the analysis on those varied questions. But we do believe it's a reasonable target based on where we sit today and what we see. So I'd just ask you to stay tuned for us to give you more insight in the near future.
