John E. Gallina: Yeah, thank you, Kevin. In terms of the high-single digit, low-double digit, that was on an EPS basis, so that would include a little bit of capital deployment associated with that on a long-term basis. Associated with the second part of your question, the Medicare, we've done extremely well over the past few years trying to get that platform fixed and get it corrected. And we're very close to target margins in that block of business right now, albeit at a lower membership level than we would like to have on a long-term basis. We think that there is some significant opportunities for growing the top-line and maintaining those target margins. On the Medicaid, it's a mixed bag. The Medicaid expansion, we've done extraordinarily well, and we've actually been earning above target margins. And that's one of the headwinds we have going into 2017, is the pricing associated with the Medicaid expansion book of business coming back down into target margin levels. And then on the Commercial, we think there's a lot of opportunities associated with wallet share, doing a better job of penetrating our large group ASO block of business, as well as trying to retain and maintain our ACA-compliant and non-ACA compliant Small Group books of business. So it's not a simple question, but we think we're very well positioned for growth, but we're doing pretty well right now.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, sure, thank you, Joe. And then, Josh, on the other question on the HIF holiday, as we had indicated in our prepared comments, that makes many of our metrics non-comparable on a reported basis year over year. I would look at it this way, in 2016, the amount of health insurer fee that Anthem is going to be required to pay, and is expensed, is approximately $1.2 billion. And we've had a very cognizant approach to try to ensure that our pricing associated with that maintained a constant EPS number. So we're pricing for the fee, the tax gross-up, and the non-deductibility of that again and again, so you can sort of then calculate the impacts. Once you go through that, you'll see that the MLR ratio, year over year, it is going up nominally, really not much at all. The single biggest driver by far is the fee. The G&A ratio is coming down a bit, but the single biggest driver of it coming down – the magnitude's coming down, is the fee. And then you also have to realize that in the competitive environment that we work in, occasionally there can be some fungibility associated with the pricing and how much it's fee versus other things. As well as that in the Medicare Advantage area that we've taken the waiver of the fee and we've baked it into product design and benefits to the customer so that the members actually enjoy that. So a lot of moving parts, but the vast majority of our reported movement is the fee.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, Ana, thank you for the inquiry. In terms of – I'll answer the second part first. The renewal was due on July 1, and that's when we would expect to obtain actuarially justified rates associated with Iowa. We are still negotiating with the State of Iowa in terms of the rates. So it's premature to provide a specific point estimate or data element on that, other than to say that we're requesting actuarially justified rates. In terms of 2016, as we had stated, I think in the second quarter call that the expense – the medical loss ratio is a good 20 percentage points higher than we expected. It did come down a bit over the rest of the year, in some of our medical management initiatives and some of our other cost of care initiatives went into place, but it still ended up at a loss in the 10 to 15 percentage points higher than we would have expected, based on that block of business.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, sure, thank you, Austin. The California Medicaid retroactive adjustment – the medical loss ratio calculation, just for a little bit of clarifications, had to do with how taxes are treated and getting the definition within the California Medicaid arena to more closely align with the definition that already existed as part of the ACA MLR rebate calculation. In terms of – that was the primary driver of us going from $10.80 to $11 for 2016. We were already in an MLR rebate position in California when this occurred. And so what had happened was once we re-performed the calculation under the corrected rules, under the corrected definition, it allowed us to reduce the amount of liability we had on the books associated with the MLR rebate. So there is no offset or – it's just a – we perform the calculation, we'll settle the MLR rebate with the state in 2017, as was previously prescribed and it allowed us to be the primary driver of adding $0.20 per share to the shareholders here at the end of 2016.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, thank you, Joe. And A.J., your specific question on trend, so just to clarify, trend for 2016 came in relatively in line with our expectations. Felt very, very good about that, maybe closer to the low-end of the range that we provided at the beginning of 2016. And then, as we look into 2017 in general, trend is relatively stable year over year, except for the one item that you pointed out, and that was the Hepatitis C drug spend. So that has nothing to do with Express Scripts. In 2015, we changed the coverage options and allowed a broader coverage of people that qualified for Hep C treatment. We proactively went out at that point in time and did some rebate contracting and various other things that really mitigated the significant increase that we saw in 2016. The increases would have been even greater without the proactive steps we took. Now, we believe that the cost structure associated with that, the utilization associated with that is going to stay flat from 2016 to 2017. It's just that by staying flat from 2016 to 2017, it means we did not have the increase that we saw from 2015 to 2016, so it's impacting our overall trend calculations. So at the end of the day, trend is really stable year over year. We just have the mathematical dynamic of what's going on with Hepatitis C. But thank you for the question.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, no, thank you. Yeah, so the RFP is not yet out, although it's imminent. And as we have stated previously, we expect to go through and then be very thoughtful in our approach, and by the fourth quarter of 2017, provide more clarity to all of you associated with our future pharmacy strategy. At that point in time, we would expect to provide some quantification and clarification associated with what the economics are, which could be as a 2020 type upside at that point in time.
John E. Gallina: Yeah. How much of that is passed back through the customer and provides affordability aspects, versus how much is retained by the shareholders.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, sure, Ralph, thank you. So in terms of the $14, we've talked about some of the headwinds that we're facing on the third quarter call, and those headwinds are still very real, and we continue to work through them. Commercial insured mix was a headwind. The most significant of which was the ACA exchanges, the fact that there was supposed to be 26 million people enrolled in the exchanges by 2018, and we're at far, far short of half of that from a basis within the country, and what the impact is on us. But clearly, we're keeping our foot on the gas. We're trying to do everything possible in order to bridge the gap. But we wanted to ensure that everyone realized, back 90 days ago, that these headwinds were significant and we may not be able to completely overcome them. But we've got a lot of things going on that are going very, very, very well. Medicaid is ahead. We talked about Medicare, given the great growth we have with that. And all of this is without the PBM having any real upside in the $3 billion we talked about. So, we have not declared specifics on 2018 yet. Little premature to do that, but the headwinds are still very real. But we are working very hard to overcome as many of them as we possibly can. And then on your trend question, just say that we really don't go into specific trend information associated with each type of procedure, each type of process. But, as I said, the overall trend is relatively consistent year over year, except for the Hep C movement, in terms of how that's impacting it. So you can – now you can assume that that trend is normally unit price driven, that's the most significant driver of it on a year-over-year basis. Our utilization, we track that very closely, that remains pretty much in line with our expectations. In our medical management, our provider collaboration, those various other things have done a really nice job of keeping the utilization patterns fairly constant and fairly low movement year over year. So it's predominantly price. Thank you.
John E. Gallina: It's with anything else, yeah, we certainly do expect it to be imminent and if it came out either today or tomorrow, neither of those would be a surprise. But, I mean, as you know with all those things, the devil is always in the details. I mean, we really need to evaluate it, need to understand how it impacts various aspects of our business and various aspects of our membership. We've got a – we're cautiously optimistic. Like I said before, our Medicaid – or, I'm sorry, our Medicare asset is a reconstructed asset, really poised for growth. And we feel very, very good about where we're going to be as a company in the Medicare and Medicare Advantage area specifically, over the next several years. So, tomorrow is just one piece of the puzzle. But until we actually see the details, it's a little premature to declare anything.
John E. Gallina: And Dave, just to give you maybe a little more specificity associated with your question, on the back of Joe's response. The fourth quarter SG&A ratio is a little bit higher than what we had initially stated. But when you take a step back and look at the entire year, it's still about half of the savings or half of the decrease from the initial SG&A guidance back at the beginning of 2016 is non-recurring, and maybe half is operational efficiencies along with fixed cost leveraging. So even though we did increase the amount of compensation expense here in the fourth quarter, we're still below target on that. And so it still is a headwind as we get into 2017. Associated with the operational efficiencies, I mean, there has been a lot of very successful projects that have been done here over the past few years. Our higher accuracy of auto adjudication rates of claims continue to go up year over year. Our claims cycle time decreased. Those are things that actually improve the accuracy of our claims payment process, and we do it in a more cost effective and cost efficient manner, just as two examples of things where part of the savings in 2016 are recurring, and will be part of our run rate for 2017. So it's a bit of a mixed bag, but as Joe said, we're very proud of how we finished 2016, and think we're heading into 2017 with some nice momentum.
John E. Gallina: We've been in a net receivable position consistently for a while. We were maybe a slight payer back in 2014, but we've been in a net receiver position most of the time since then. So hopefully that clarifies it.
John E. Gallina: It's not one significant obvious item. There is many, many things that are part of the effective tax rate. You really have to look at the states, and where companies make money, and what is the state tax situation – is it a premium tax state? Is it an income tax state? What is the income tax? Is it a franchise tax state? So all those things are clearly part of the variation. The investment portfolio, what percent of an investment portfolio is in tax exempt versus taxable yields? And how does that impact it? I mean, there is any fair share of permanent tax differences that occur. We're pretty comfortable with a lot of the tax planning strategies we've made. We all do start with the 35% rate on a pre-ACA, non-HIF type basis. And I'm not positive I know all of the differences between our rate and everybody else's, other than to say that we see this as a huge focus item, that every time that we can do a tax planning strategy, that just ignores the benefit to the shareholders. And so we put a lot of time and effort and focus on taxes behind the scenes that nobody really sees, and I think our effective tax rate helps confirm that. Thank you, Gary.
Joseph R. Swedish: I might underscore – to add on to John's commentary, we continue to be in dialogue with the Governor's Office. As you may know, there has been a transition or there is a transition now in process regarding the appointment of a new governor. The Lieutenant Governor is moving into the office and we're in dialogue with her office, and we're hopeful that that continued dialogue in and around the needs that we have for – I guess, call it correcting the inadequacy will produce results. But, again, we will not know that for still some period of time. But, again, we remain hopeful that the dialogue will produce intended results.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yeah, thank you. Christine, let me deal with our outlook with respect to how we might further engage in the market or retract. As I said in third quarter earnings call, that we are very carefully evaluating how the marketplace will evolve related to the legislative and regulatory changes that may be enacted as certain regulators and legislators seek stabilization of the marketplace. We have weighed in considerably and continue to do so with all the leadership in Congress, and I can tell you that we have some very specific asks, and I commented on those asks in my remarks. But also there are probably about four or five other expectations. And what all that maps to is a set of expectations that we will be monitoring very carefully to see if they are implemented, such that as we approach the end of the first half of this year, we will have to make decisions, as I said, on the last earnings call, whether or not we surgically extract ourselves from certain rating regions, or quite frankly even on a larger scale, depending on the stability of the marketplace. We believe that this year, we have a – I'd call it maybe a fairly modest outlook in terms of being able to pursue or accomplish a profitability that would be – would recognize stability, because of the price increases that we achieved for this year's entry into the marketplace. But if we can't see stability going into 2018 with respect to either pricing, product, or the overall rules of engagement, then we will begin making some very conscious decisions with respect to extracting ourselves. We will have more to say by our Q2 call. I think it's fair to say that we still are in a state of evaluation, but I think I wanted to share with you that we are very mindful, very vigilant, and we will make the right decisions to protect the business with respect to moving into the next year. Conversely, as I said, I believe, and we do have some positive indicators that stabilization could very likely occur, and given the advocacy that's occurring on behalf of the industry, and I'm again, hopeful that our recommendations will be looked at very carefully, and adopted. But, again, it remains to be seen, and we'll say more as we end up our Q2 call, so. Thank you, Christine, for that question.
Joseph R. Swedish: But still, the base that we're building off of in terms of what we've communicated many times is $3 billion savings per year, obviously escalated over time. So I think we'll certainly be able to give you some line of sight regarding $3 billion as a base, and then how that might improve leading up to 2020.
Joseph R. Swedish: Great. Thanks, Dave. Let me respond to the comp question and underscore that what we referenced during the year is that our annual incentive plan is at risk – fully at risk – and we made a conscious decision, in terms of the modeling, that our award scheme would be based on, obviously, successful achievement of our expectations. And that we also balanced the payouts related to our support of the shareholder interest. And therefore, if we did not achieve expectations, then of course, our incentive plan would be cut accordingly, which, mid-year, we signaled that we were very intentional about that, and in fact, as the year progressed, we're able to witness because of the all-in commitments of management, that we were significantly improving our SG&A performance. There were other uptakes in the business model, and at the end of the year, we were able to provide advanced annual incentive plan payouts, above and beyond what was forecasted in the middle of the year. The point being that it's incentive-based, it is truly at risk, comp as a base wasn't affected, but again, I'm very proud of the fact that we were able to effectively control SG&A as well as bring in other advantages and performance improvements to the company that allowed us to significantly award our leadership teams with the incentive payments necessary for recognition. So all-in, we're very proud of how we managed it, and then the outcome is the result of the management process of our annual incentive plan model.
Joseph R. Swedish: Thank you, operator. Thank you for your questions. As a company, we're committed to confronting our healthcare system's challenges and we're focused on expanding access to high-quality, affordable healthcare for our customers. I also want to thank all of our associates for their continued commitment to serving our 39.9 million members every day. Thank you for your interest in Anthem and we look forward to speaking with you soon at upcoming conferences.
