Angela Braly: Justin, let me speak to that. First, we're obviously disappointed with our performance in Senior. If you look at all the other areas of the company, we feel like we're really executing things, disciplined there and our continuous improvement, efficiency initiatives are getting the right results and great customer service, but we're disappointed about the performance in Senior. Let me address a couple of your questions then I'll turn it over to Brian to give more detail. The full year impact is $0.30 on an EPS basis. Yes, we did see this before the bids were due. Unfortunately, we can't speak in detail about the bid process for 2012 as the CMS regulations don’t allow us to do that. But we did see this performance deteriorate prior to the bidding process. We think we have clarity around it. So I'll turn it over to Brian, who can get specific about the products where we saw this.
Angela Braly: Yes, John, let me let Ken speak to the Commercial book, the performance has been good there. And so I'll let Ken talk about the Commercial trend.
Angela Braly: We believe our guidance reflects our expectations. We've always been cautious about trend in the second half of this year. We're pricing, as Ken said, for it. We continue to be very focused in our medical management areas and working on cost of care very intently. And so we do think the guidance range reflects our best estimate. Wayne can speak to how we looked at it for the overall year and below the line.
Angela Braly: Let me say, longer term, this business is one we do think there are opportunities. We think scale -- the scale that we can bring to this is important. But we are committed to staying disciplined in how we do this. So we'll continue to focus on the opportunities but we’ll only take them where we think it's appropriate.
Angela Braly: Well, obviously, in California and other states where we are working on either rate filings or the potential for rate regulation, the level of transparency that we now have in terms of the rate review and regulation process is so significant and the fact that the minimum medical loss ratio exists, creates a number of protections for members and for protecting to make sure that the industry is very transparent about what our opportunities are there. So like in California, we bring the view of what does this mean for our customers in the end, because ultimately, this is about the customers. So it's too early to say what exactly will happen in California. There are amendments being discussed. What that means in terms of the ultimate end results for AB 52, we can't yet say. We obviously are believing it's in the best interest of California and all other states, for there to be a sustainable market for consumers to buy products in both the Individual market as well as in the group employer market so we're going to continue to advocate in that way.
Brian Sassi: Okay. Thanks, Angela. Justin, let me just add a little more color and frame the issue. Beginning at the end of Q1, we started to see some increased morbidity in our Medicare advantage program. Specifically, we've isolated the vast majority of the issue, and in Northern California, it impacts our regional PPO product. And looking at kind of April results and doing deep dives into it, we further isolated our issue to the new member cohort versus existing members. And further looking at all of our new business that we've received in 2011, further isolated the issue to really being directed at switchers. Some of our membership growth in the RPPO has been agents, but that appears to be performing as expected. So it's really the switcher cohort primarily in Northern California. As Angela mentioned, we did see this emerging in early Q2. We followed it very closely. We have adjusted and really bid appropriately based on the emerging experience, and do expect that we will resolve this through the bidding process in 2012.
Brian Sassi: Yes, and just to add a little more color. I think your numbers are directionally right as we've looked at kind of all the new members, we have the ability to look at kind of where they come from. Certainly, the CIGNA exit in Northern California, we did pick up a large chunk of that membership. This is a regional PPO, so some of the membership growth, probably about half, occurred in Southern California. Historically, as we look at the performance of the RPPO, that has been a possible program for us, more so in Southern California and that does continue, but the Northern California cohort, particularly the new membership from some of the competitor exits is where the problem lies.
Brian Sassi: Yes, so as we looked at the second half of the year, particularly given some AB 97 in California, we did establish a reserve for potential adverse impacts of that. Certainly, while AB 97 is a law that has been passed in California, subject to CMS approval. That has not occurred yet. We do know that there are a number of potential challenges to that legislation. But to be prudent, we felt that in our analysis of the law, in all the different components of it and our ability to kind of react to it, we felt that it was necessary to put up a reserve in the last half of the year, which we feel will adequately cover us. Looking ahead, in terms of, as Angela talked about, many of the states are being pressured with state budgets, a lot of which since Medicaid is either #1 or #2 in terms of expenditures. We do see a tightening in potential reimbursement levels and are expecting compression in the level of increase, down into potentially the low single digits for next year.
Brian Sassi: Yes. I think it's more the former than the latter. If you look at the competitiveness of the RPPO product, it's generally not an overly rich product. It's better than traditional Medicare, but it's not super rich when compared to other offerings around the country. And I think your characterization in the front of your statement is accurate. We've had the RPPO for a number of years. The new membership that we've received essentially doubled our Northern California membership because most of our membership had historically been in Southern California. So the combination of the increased morbidity and the unique situation with competitors exiting, and potentially not gathering or knowing that in advance, maybe not gathering, the optimal risk data that would impact risk course in 2011 have created kind of a unique situation for us. Of course, some of which, it's a calendar year issue. As we see it, increased morbidity over a population, it's difficult to correct that in the current calendar year, but certainly that increased morbidity and our ability to provide the data to CMS could have a positive impact into next year's final settlement that we receive in 2012 based on 2011 data.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes. So Justin, relative to 2012, then we would expect that this $0.30 headwind we have for the current year impacting our current earnings would be resolved. And we would expect that our previous assumptions regarding run rate and execution, other lines of business, would remain consistent with our previous expectations. So relative to our growth, while we're not giving guidance for next year at this point in time, we view this as an incremental benefit to our run rate because it was obviously not anticipated to be an incremental detriment to our run rate this year.
Wayne Deveydt: Josh, I think the primary thing in the timing I want to keep in mind is that where we're seeing the issue is on the switchers, not on the agents. And so for new individuals that switched over to us in January, we really don't start getting any visibility on claims until really early March. Ultimately they start seeing the doctors in mid-late January, doctor starts sending in claims in later February. But you really don't have a lot of real good data at that point for the switchers. So in March, I would say it wasn't really a huge outlier. I mean, it was a small blip at that point but nothing of concern. When we got April results in, we were more concerned about what we saw being more elevated claims, and that's when we did our deep dive to identify where this was being driven from, and that's where we identified that it was in the Northern California location, and it was really the switchers. We then went ahead and estimated the bid process that would reflect as if that was more run rate, under the hope that that wouldn't be the case. And when we say May, in fact, that was the case. So we know that now having April, May and June versus what we've spent as part of the process, that we've always considered that activity and then feel comfortable with that. To your question about size and scale, $0.30 for us, if you look at the number of shares outstanding, that equates to close to $170 million, so I think if you're looking at numbers, you're looking at closer to $170 million, put that in perspective. And keep in mind that the MLR on this is greater than 100% on this group of cohorts. And we are talking about a small number of members in between 40,000 and 50,000 that are basically this entire group that's impacting us, while the PPO has over 110,000 in it, it's the northern portion that we're focused on.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes, John, on a quarterly progression basis now, we do expect 3Q now to be slightly lower than 2Q at this point in time. So primarily because of some of the tax benefits we received, and we did take a cautious view on the back half of the year regarding Senior. Obviously, we hope to do a number of medical managements to potentially alleviate it. We took a cautious view on commercial trends, if those would potentially rebound in the back half of the year. And we also took a view around some of the regulatory environment changes we're seeing out there, in particular an AB 97, if that could have some potential impacts as well. So for that reason, I wouldn't call it down substantially, I'd say it's slightly lower than what we finished 2Q on an adjusted diluted basis right now.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes. I mean, Doug, the one thing I would say is, this is a unique industry that we continue to see many state budget deficits, a regulatory environment that evolves by the day, and I think it's fair to say that for those reasons that both from an operating perspective, we generally try to err on the side that many things will come to light in, sometimes, a less than optimal level of expectation. Whether that occurs or not will remain to be seen, but we would rather not have shareholders surprised by things that we see out there that are evolving that could occur. Below the line, we have a very, very solid confidence in those numbers, those updated guidance numbers and where that's at. So I think to Angela's point, the $6.75 to $6.95, we wouldn't have guided to that range if we didn't have a level of confidence that we would be able to achieve it, and we do believe that it contemplates a number of potential downsides for the back half of the year.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes. I mean, Christine, we obviously don't give MLRs by lines of business. We want to be careful at this point, as we're still in the bidding process, there's certain things we're allowed to discuss and not discuss, as we're still working with CMS. That being said, what I am confident in telling you is that we had obviously significant deterioration in the quarter due to the California, there's over 100%. We expect that to continue into the back half of the year, although we are putting mitigation strategies, but we've taken a more cautious view on that. And we do expect to get to a normal run rate for next year on our MLRs.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes. Thanks, Kevin, for the question. We continue to be committed as our board is to deploy capital at the most optimal use for our shareholders. And one of those things that we continue to evaluate in any transaction is whether this transaction is more optimal than other alternatives, whether that be a buyback program, dividends or other investments in the business. In the case of the CareMore situation, we believe that this is a better long-term return for our shareholders and it will help support our broader expansion strategy into Senior. It is very challenging to have anything in day 1 be better than a buyback. I mean, the reality is, you can buy the share, there's no execution risk and we get immediate lift. But when we evaluate our transactions, we have to look over not just the immediate term but the longer-term impact of both the buyback as well as the accretion from these investments. I want to reiterate on CareMore for 2012, we expect to be neutral, but the neutral in CareMore is not due to CareMore by itself. It's due to the fact that we want to expand and more than double the number of locations over the next 2 to 3 years. These locations have about an 18-month breakeven period, and then the IRR is substantially higher than anything a buyback could return. Clearly, we could choose an option of not doing anything and have this be very accretive next year, in similar accretion what you may see in a buyback, but we think the longer-term investment is really the better play here. So I do want you to know, Kevin, and other investors, that our focus has not changed around deployment, and we will continue to evaluate all transactions with that same lens.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes. So just one last comment, and to Angela's comment about the SG&A, I mean, as an organization, we are committed, though, on a per member per month to continue to be more efficient. And so while we believe absolute dollars will continue to come down this year, as you know, we have committed to taking out almost $400 million this year, we believe we're well on pace to achieving that. And we expect much of that to run rate with some incremental benefits to next year. That being said, we balance that with investments. But on a total basis, we expect it to be leveraged off our existing membership growth, so in theory, PMPM should continue to be flat-to-down year-over-year, not just for the near term but we believe the long term, as we build the longer term operating model. Relative to the tax rate, we as you know, we continue to take a cautious conservative posture regarding tax exposures that may exist. And we have generally had favorable outcomes regarding those exposures, of which we had some favorable outcomes this quarter as well. That being said, we expect our full year tax rate to be just below 34%. Some of that, of course, is the release and the benefit of what we received this quarter. Some of that is run rate, but it's not run rate I hope that we will not have repeat next year, specifically that when you're not making money in a particular state, in Individual or in Senior, which is a higher state tax rate, you're not paying taxes in that state, which in general drives your rate down. So ultimately, we expect some of that to actually pop back up next year as we improve in those markets.
