Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, John. As you've heard throughout this morning, we are growing on all fronts. Our revenue growth is strong and we have made substantial progress in advancing our mission of driving higher quality care at the lowest net cost. As we begin to shift our focus to 2020, the headwinds that we faced are manageable with tailwinds that lay the foundation for compelling long-term growth, and far outweigh the impact from short term challenges. Our growth heading into 2020 is fueled by our commitment to precision and execution with an emphasis on sustainable value for our stakeholders. As is customary, we will provide more detailed outlook for 2020 on our fourth quarter earnings call, but our initial view of 2020 contemplates the following tailwinds; the full year impact from IngenioRx, margin improvement in Medicaid, overall 2019 and 2020 membership growth, increased penetration of specialty and clinical programs in our fee based businesses and accretion from capital deployment. These will be partially offset by margin normalization in the individual business, dilution from government contracts in Medicaid and growth in our group Medicare and the return of the health insurance fee. At this early stage, our view on 2020 would point to core adjusted earnings per share growth near the low end of our 12% to 15% target growth rate relative to our original 2019 guidance. We continue to expect IngenioRx will produce total operating gain of at least $800 million, or roughly $2.30 per share in 2020. We're on track for another year of historically strong revenue and earnings growth, and we look forward to building on our momentum in the year ahead. As I approach my second anniversary here at Anthem, I mean incredibly proud of them more than 60,000 associates who are living our mission, vision and values every day in service to those who trust us with their care. And with that, operator, we will open it up to questions.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Ralph. I'm going to ask Pete Haytaian to talk about our commercial business, which we feel very strongly about and then maybe John to tie up the overall MLR question.
Gail Boudreaux: In terms of -- we're not giving exact guidance. As you know, we're giving headwinds and tailwinds. But as you think about your math, I'd say you're in the ballpark clearly to what we articulated at our Investor Day this past spring, so yes.
Gail Boudreaux: So thanks for the multitude and multi-faceted question, A. J., I think you hit most of our businesses. So let me start with John and have him address the first part of it and we'll see if we can get through it. Thank you.
Gail Boudreaux: In terms of IngenioRx, first of all, we were really pleased with the way the transition has gone and the migration of our members. As you saw, we up our guidance and that's really a result of both strong operational execution, but also greater certainty now when we first gave it. We didn't know exactly when our state approvals would occur in Medicaid and commercial and now obviously, that we have certainty on. And again as I shared in my opening remarks really strong execution of the migration, probably one of the most complex migrations that has happened in the space, so we're really pleased about that. And we feel very good going into 2020 that all of our businesses will now be on that platform. And we can use our integrated capabilities and the digital things that we advanced over the last year. So thank you very much for the question. And next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: We are going to try to limit to one question. I know we're getting multiple, but we'd ask that we would just wanted to one question. And let me ask, Pete, first to comment on the commercial marketplace competitive.
Gail Boudreaux: And I guess what I would just add to Pete's comments. I mean, we've had really solid growth. We think it's a disciplined market. It's always been competitive. We were very happy with the solid retention rates we're seeing. And we've invested quite heavily in that business, both in product offerings. So we feel well positioned for 2020 with a variety of affordable options, particularly in our small business area. And as I shared, we're seeing great traction in our largest clients who are really our most sophisticated and are really valuing the innovation that we brought to the market. So overall, as Pete said, it's a very, very -- we feel very strongly about the commercial business right now. And maybe Felicia Norwood can address the Medicare question you had as well.
Gail Boudreaux: I guess, I would add to John's comments that our commercial growth is very solid, and we have very healthy margins. And I think as you look at our margins overall, we feel very good about commercial business. And again, the amount of reserve development is fairly minor but we felt that we would point it out. And I think exactly as Pete addressed that that's really the driver. So we wanted to give you some clarity on that. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thank you very much for the question. I think there's certainly a couple of things embedded in that question. The first is that 2018 was well, as you think about the comparative from 2018 to 2019 and as you go back to our call in that quarter. So you're comparing, I think, quite frankly, a below baseline 2018. So there isn't anything unusual in this quarter for 2019 in our government business. We have made a lot of progress on getting the rates that match the population. So we feel really good about that. But as you know, this is a complex business with geographies and a population mix. And so we still feel that there's a lot of runway and we're having those conversations in our states. And we are making progress and we are seeing it flow through, but we didn't have a giant retro payment or anything of that sort to point to in this quarter, but we did see improvement in rates and we are seeing improvement in the overall management of the business. So I guess the summary answer to the question is the comparison. We like where we're heading but we also believe we have a lot more runway and the conversations are quite productive with our states. And we do feel confident. But again, we can't absolutely predict timing. Thank you. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: As you know, we shared that we are working quite closely with our blue partners across a variety of opportunities. And we're very pleased with partnerships that we have in Medicaid. We have eight alliances today. Five are with our fellow Blue Cross Blue Shield partners. We're also adding additional partnerships. We're adding a Medicare partnership in Louisiana. And we're adding a partnership in Maine with the Maine Health System. So it's broader than just the blues. I know your question was more specific to the blues. As you saw, we announced that Blue Cross of Idaho will be an IngenioRx customers. So there's another great example. So more broadly, I think we have a broad array of capabilities, both through Medicaid but also through our diversified business group. Our AIMS business and our CareMore businesses work across the spectrum. North Carolina is a great example where we are doing a partnership with Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina for Medicaid. Our CareMore business will be building clinics in that environment as well and then IngenioRx will be the PBM. So to me that offers a really great glimpse of the ability to package things across the Blue. In terms of overall I think as a system, we're intensely focused on affordability and cost and access for the one in three Americans that we serve across Blue Cross Blue Shield plans. And I think you saw hopefully many of the Medicare focus and advertising that the Blue Cross Blue Shield brand this past year. So I think what you're seeing is that we recognize the rule we have in the American healthcare system. And by working together, we can do a lot more to have an impact on the system. So thanks very much for the question, but we're very -- quite frankly bullish and excited about the opportunities that as a Blue system, the impact that we can have across America. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, we haven't broken it down in that way. And I guess as we think about this, we're investing heavily in pharmacy, just so you know. I mean, it's not just the benefit of the impact of the earnings that we get because of the lower cost of goods sold, which is really driving that 4 billion that is fundamentally a lower cost of goods sold. But as part of bringing IngenioRx up to speed and the migration, we've built a new integrated specialty clinical service center, which has areas of excellence around these areas that I think will absolutely help our clinical performance and pharmacy. And again, we know what we need to do. And we have a very clear line of sight around what the opportunities are in pharmacy. And we feel very confident in our ability to have an impact on those. As you think more broadly about pharmacy, I think John has shared with you how we're approaching the $3.2 billion, and it's very different based on each of our lines of business and where we were competitively and how that aligns with plan designs, et cetera. So it's not a straight line formula. But clearly, pharmacy gives us a tailwind as our opportunity in Medicare Advantage and helps us offset some of this impact from stars. Thank you. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, let me start and then I'll ask John to follow up. First, in terms of the last part of your question, no, we feel really strongly. I mean, we reaffirmed our trend. We feel very strongly about our book of business. And the commercial business is performing. Our margins are good. They're improving. And honestly outside of even just risk, we're adding a lot more specialty products and bringing through revenue in our clinical products. So overall, no, you shouldn't read into anything about our commercial business. In terms of your second question, maybe I'll have John answer that one, because I don't think that there is much more to add.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you very much for all of your questions. And I'd like to thank everyone for hanging in there this morning while we dealt with the phone issues, but we're happy that we were able to address all of your questions and still get everyone through the line. As you can see, we remain committed to delivering a simple, more affordable and personalized experience for those we serve. And I look forward to building on our momentum in 2020. I want to thank our associates for their ongoing commitment to serving our nearly 41 million members. And I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. Thank you.
Pete Haytaian: As it relates to our Commercial fully insured business, earlier this year, we set out to do a couple things. Number one, to grow our membership and we want to improve our year-over-year operating performance. And I'd say with confidence that we've done both. Our year-over-year operating margins and performance has shown strong improvement. And you can see that through the release. In addition to that, we've seen solid membership growth. In fact, in our large group fully insured business, we've seen in nine of the last 12 months net sequential growth, so we feel really good about that. The in-year unfavorable development is really immaterial. We had a few large groups and being a blue. We have some large fully insured groups but we didn't have a meeting of the minds with, quite frankly. And so those groups are going to be moving on. And as it relates to our outlook Q4 and into 2020, we feel very comfortable with our fully insured business.
Pete Haytaian: Yes, I think as it relates to our fully insured business, it remains a competitive marketplace, it remains a rational marketplace. We're real excited about our positioning. We've talked before about our segment positioning and our product portfolio, and the options that we're creating in the marketplace. And we are seeing an uptick there in terms of performance. And we continue to see growth, as I mentioned before, nine out of the last 12 months, we've seen net positive growth. One thing that we are seeing in the marketplace today and that is with the addition of Ingenio and other capabilities that we have. We are seeing in other markets have a bit of inertia little bit more than we expected. And what I mean by that is retention rates are really, really strong for us and for our competitors. Our sales close ratios are improving, and that has to do with our sales effectiveness, and we feel really good about all that. But we are seeing a little bit less movement in the marketplace, a little bit more stickiness with the membership. And so little bit slower rates of uptake. But other than that, we feel really good about our positioning in the fully insured marketplace going into 2020.
Pete Haytaian: We're obviously in the late innings. We're sort of in the ninth inning of the selling season. As it relates to 2020, there's some minor puts and takes but it's almost complete. And we feel very good about our positioning and our results. We had a good year this year. And going into 2020, we think we're going to have a very strong year as well from a growth perspective and a retention perspective. Most importantly, and as Gail pointed out in her prepared remarks, we feel really good about our value proposition and how that's playing out in the marketplace. Things like our total value story and clinical programs and advocacy programs like Total Health Total You, which we've just recently launched with differentiated AI capabilities and care management capabilities, already have over 1.2 million members in that program. We feel really good about our consumer engagement platform and the work that we've done historically through Engage and now we've launched and rolled out the new Sydney digital platform and ecosystem. And our Anthem Health Guide from an advocacy perspective really, really performing well and resonating in the marketplace with over 8 million members in that with MPS scores that continuing to improve. So our value proposition is playing out in the market. We will have a strong Q1 with respect to growth in our national business.
Pete Haytaian: Thanks, Scott. Appreciate the question. As you know, we saw some really nice growth in 2019 in the group retiree business, and we do expect growth to continue into 2020. As we said before and we're seeing this come through, our greatest opportunity continues to be with respect to our inherent pipeline of existing commercial clients that have Medicare wrapped product. And so we're seeing really strong sales there. As it relates to new store sales and RFPs, the market continues to be really competitive. And we do win some business there as well. But we're also looking at creating new opportunities. So the question was asked before about Blue partnerships, and we see this as another wonderful opportunity for Blue partnerships and we're actually exploring those. And then finally I'd say having a competitive pharmacy benefit will certainly help in 2020 and beyond as it relates to upcoming bids and group retirees. So overall, we feel good that we'll continue to see growth in that space.
Pete Haytaian: We're pleased with our individual performance and progress. And I think our strategy really remains the same with respect to expansion where we're disciplined and we're targeted in terms of where we play. We've talked about this before but it's been largely based upon geographies where we can partner with key providers at the right economics and in partnership on delivering really strong cost of care, partnering with providers and being aligned on risk adjustment. And in many instances, we're focused on obviously leveraging our value based care relationships. And of course then importantly, we have to be positioned well with respect to our product and being number one and number two as it relates to the right product. And this has translated into good results for us as we talked about earlier, bit better than expected. As we continue down this path in 2020, we're continuing to target expansions. We do see pockets where competitively some of our competitors are little bit better positioned. And if that's the case, we're going to remain disciplined and we're not going to participate in those markets in which we can't do what I said before, and that is partner with providers and have the most competitive product. So we feel like we're continuing down the path of being very methodical and thoughtful about that business, and we'll continue to grow that business in the right way.
John Gallina: And Ralph, this is John, thank you for the question. And I really appreciate the opportunity to provide a little bit of clarity. To be clear, Medicaid and more specifically the Medicaid verification process, is driving the entire increase in the increasing MLR guidance. And I'll just give you a couple proof points if you'd like them for your modeling and your information. In some states, re-verification efforts have minimal impact. But in others, we've seen disenrollment on the average of 2% with states going as high as 4% disenrollment. In those same states, if you review the statutory filings from the first six months of the year for us and our peers, you'll see that the MLRs associated with those remaining populations are up on average 3% year-over-year with some states being up as high as 5% year-over-year. And as we have told you in the prior quarter call, the re-verification has impacted a little over half of our states at this point in time. And if you just take that 3% times half our Medicaid block and apply it to our consolidated medical loss ratio, you'll see that the consolidated medical loss ratio will go up 50 basis points. And then just another quick proof point for your modeling purposes is we've made commentary that we're at the low end of our target margin ranges associated with Medicaid for the year associated with the lack of revenue on the re-verification, the time with the lack of revenue on re-verification. And the difference between the midpoint of our operating margin and the low end of our operating margin, if you apply those dollars again to the medical loss ratio, you'll see that it would drive the consolidated medical loss ratio by about 50 basis points. So both of these things are just proof points to show that the entire increase is associated with Medicaid and that the commercial issue, which was only 0.5% of annual benefit expense really didn't drive that guidance change. So thank you for the question.
John Gallina: The low end of the target margin range for Medicaid is where we actually expect us to be relatively close to for the entire year. But the second half is definitely going to be better than the first half in terms of 2019. And then in terms of 2020, we do expect ultimately to be in the target margin range associated with Medicaid. Unfortunately, the timing doesn't always work out perfectly and sometimes it can take 12 to 18 months to get the appropriate rates associated with our negotiations and sharing of information with our state partners. And so we clearly have expectation of improvement associated with Medicaid in 2020. But it's really premature to provide an exact percentage, or where we are exactly in the range at this point until we get to the point that we'll provide a lot more guidance metrics on the fourth quarter call.
John Gallina: So yes, we do expect normalization of individual margins in 2020. And just as a frame of reference, in 2016 and 2017, we performed essentially at a breakeven basis in that line of business. We never really lost money on the exchanges but it was essentially breakeven. And then we reduced our footprint quite dramatically in 2018 by some 65% and walked away from almost a million members and had extremely successful 2018, and are having a very good 2019. We expect the margins to moderate in 2019 and they have, but not quite as quickly as we had assumed. And then you get into 2020, while the way that the MLR rebate rules work is it's based on a three year rolling average. And so the 2017, and '18, '19 rebates would have had the prior information in them with when we were much larger. And then you get to 2020 and we've got three fairly good years assuming that we hit our target margin ranges for 2020. And so that’s going to actually limit the ability to have incremental upside.
John Gallina: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. This is John. And if I understand your question properly, the benefit in 2020 is we know that the value that we're obtaining from Ingenio is approximately $4 billion, actually slightly greater than $4 billion versus what we have would have paid on with our prior carrier. And that we're going to take 20% of that and drop to the bottom line, which is the $800 million that was part of Gail's prepared comments, which is $2.30 of EPS. And then the $3.2 billion is being baked into either benefit design or more affordable pricing, or other options that flow straight to the customer. In terms of the timing of all that, we really did not let any of that assumptions go through in 2019. 2019 for the majority of the year, we're still under the ESI contract and the pricing that we have with our book really did represent the pricing of the pharmacy costs that we're employing. So don't over read into or overanalyze the 2019 versus 2020. The Ingenio is providing about $1 in '19 and it's going to provide about $2.30 in benefit in 2020, and that $2.30 is now run rate.
John Gallina: In terms of the development, we did have favorable prior development. The development that we referenced was current year in-year we usually don't talk about that. But since it was -- it did impact the MLR slightly and it certainly had impacted the commercial operating gains where Commercial grew 11% quarter-over-quarter, Commercial expanded their margins by three tenth of a percent quarter-over-quarter and that was in spite of this negative development. So really what it points to is the fact that the commercial business is even stronger than it may appear initially. But we did have favorable prior year development. We certainly have a consistent conservative reserving methodology that we will expect to employ.
John Gallina: That's not the type of information for competitive reasons that we're really going to go into on this call, especially given the fact that those accounts have terminated once we determine what actuarially justified rate increases would be. I'd just say that we understand what the causes were. We priced the forward trend. We feel very comfortable that this issue has been taken care of. And we feel very bullish about our aspects. But we really can't get into the level of granularity for competitive reasons that you're talking about.
John Gallina: In terms of exactly how much is related to the re-verification, well it's certainly a piece of it. But just to be clear, every year, we go through with actuarially justified rates and have rate renewals like rate renewals and negotiations with our states. And so obviously, hitting our target margins requires getting from our portfolio of states that we have of getting the right rates on an overall basis. Clearly, part of that conversation is around re-verification, but that's not the entirety of the conversation. The conversation is really about actuarially justified rates based on the acuity of the population regardless what the starting point is. So in one regard, getting the right rates is the entire issue but it's not just re-verification.
John Gallina: And that business is dilutive when we first say it takes 12 to 18 months of dilution. And so it continues to be a headwind until we get the block of business to an appropriate level.
John Gallina: In terms of the impact on the overall commercial book, really there is not any. Our prior guidance did assume that these members would stay with us for the rest of the year. So it was a difficult decision. So there'll be a slight impact on our year end membership. However, associated with our pricing, with our growth outlooks, with our competitive position and each of our markets, there is really no change. We feel very good about our commercial business strategy and the ability for Pete and the team to execute that. And think that 2020 is going to be another growth year for us. So thank you.
