Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Scott. I'm going to have Felicia Norwood, who leads our government business, to address your question.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Felicia, and thanks, Scott. And as you heard, I think we feel really good about our Medicare Advantage, especially the start to this year and going into next.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. And just a bit of a clarification, 35% really relates to the lives that were added during the suspension of redeterminations. So as you know, some of our growth is also the result of winning new RFPs and new entrants into markets. But overall, we feel good about the plan. We've obviously had this in place for a number of years. And in addition to capturing some of our own Medicaid lives and Commercial, we think we have an opportunity to capture other Medicaid lives that will be coming off the books. So again, we've been planning for it. We hope to see a very organized transition of this and that's what we're working for. So thanks very much for the question. And next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question. Overall, strong growth and we really feel that we had a really strong selling season. And as Morgan said, feel good about our positioning. So thanks again and next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks, Morgan. I think, to add to that, he mentioned a couple of areas that have been really important for us. One is consumer experience, our investment in digital platforms. I mentioned Sydney Preferred has been very popular, along with our consumer advocacy model. And then the last area is our high-performance networks. Across all of the Blue system, I think we've done really well, and that's been a really strong validation of our unique cost of care position for the system. So thanks very much for the question. Again, really strong selling season and very encouraged by what we're seeing.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Ricky. First and foremost, I want to say that we are looking forward to serving the retirees of the city of New York and extremely -- remain extremely pleased about have been awarded this contract -- have been awarded this contract. We've had a long relationship with the city, and we do continue to administer those benefits for the employees and our fee-based business today just as a bit of background. As you mentioned, based on the legal challenge, the city did not move forward as planned on April 1, and the city has appealed the decision, however. At this stage, given that process, we'll share more definitive information when it becomes available. As you think about how you should think about the financial impact, it's not dissimilar from what we said on our last call when we had a three-month delay at hand, which was directionally slightly positive as we're still incurring, as you know, run rate costs from being ready to go on 1/1, and that still remains the case today. So thank you, question, and we look forward to serving the city.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks very much for the question, and thanks for bringing it up. I'll just sort of start really at a broader perspective. Our care provider strategy is really a core component of our enterprise strategy, which is the integration of our Whole Health focus. And we've set a couple of key things. One, better outcomes we see by capitating and moving to more upside downside risk. Certainly, higher satisfaction, better and predictable outcomes from our health plans higher star ratings, which we think because of the alignment drives and greater stability for our benefits business, MA, our Medicare Advantage business, but also our Commercial and Medicaid businesses are a really important part of the strategy. Over the past year, we've made some very significant advancements in that strategy, particularly with our investments in risk-bearing primary care providers and aggregators, but we've also been advancing those that we haven't invested in around our VBC process. And that ties very much to our high-performing networks, and we're seeing growth there, as I mentioned a few moments ago. So -- as I think about those and your direct question, these are a kind of an early stage. We do see pull-through opportunities. So there's more than just your question about how does it affect MA. We see pull-through opportunities in our diversified business group, and they're resonating things like combining Aspire with those groups in their palliative care offering. We just talked about myNEXUS a little bit. And again, those are opportunities for us against to advance our overall performance at Anthem generally. As we move, we're moving very specifically to your question, to move to more capitation risk within the Anthem health plans. This year, we started some of the services like AIM. But our strategy again isn't reliant on a single model. So, I want to again reiterate that I've shared that in the past. As we see our value-based care mature, we think that there's a number of models in that. Specifically, about 60% of our consolidated medical expense, as I mentioned, is paid under VBC. That number is interesting, but I don't think it's the most important. The number that we're really targeting is moving upside and downside risk. We have global capitation, and as I mentioned, Today, we're about low double-digit range across our enterprise, with about 40% in Medicare in capitated arrangements to put some perspective on that. Our target is that about 1/3 of our overall spend in value-based care by 2025 we'll have downside risk. So, again, a pretty significant move and again, that's across Medicaid, Commercial and Medicare do you get a sense of the breadth of the strategy that we're deploying. So overall, feel good about the progress we're making. I think there are a number of value drivers across our business beyond just the simple question around Medicare Advantage. But clearly, that's an important one, both for top line and bottom line in our Medicare as well as our other businesses. So thanks very much for the question. And next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: And thanks, Morgan, John, just to put a fine point on it, Josh, you think the strong growth that we've seen, particularly across the commercial business, is a really nice runway for us to add additional services. And that's really been the trajectory of our business over the last several years is continuing to consolidate employers and continuing to demonstrate our value first on the medical cost side but also on digital tools and other things that we're bringing to market. So, we feel good about the trajectory and the opportunity that we have. And again, very strong growth, and we're really pleased to see it.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question, George. I think, first, there's no question that the labor market is tight. So as you think about inflation, we hear it certainly from our provider partners, and we see it in certain parts of our own business. Now let me start with the biggest bucket, which is hospital pricing. As you know, the majority of our contracts are three years in duration. So, we negotiate roughly 1/3 of those each year. And yes, there is more pressure on the system. But at this point, we're not seeing incremental rate pressure. And quite frankly, we believe our ultimate responsibility is -- that's paramount for our customer is affordability. So we have -- we're keeping costs contained to the lowest possible level and take that responsibility very seriously. It's really the core of kind of, frankly, what we do. We're also taking the opportunity though to change this conversation and make it less a transactional conversation and move to value-based care, which has been the core part of our strategy with all of our providers. So we believe that there is an opportunity to transition from just unit cost negotiation and volume-based discussions to value-based care. And our strategy is key in that context. So, we think that that's a core element of this, paying for outcomes and paying for value. We've been investing, as you heard through the discussion that we've had in tools that help our providers make that transition to value-based care and also help safeguard and mitigate some of the uncertainty that they have. So that's a core part of we think what's important in managing that. We're watching these dynamics closely. And we've been refining our high-performance, high value-based care model. So again, we think that an acceleration opportunity in our own business. We're strongly committed to digitizing and looking for end-to-end improvements across our business. We've been on a multiyear journey around that. We look at a number of areas around our own -- how do we improve experiences? How do we tie things end to end better? How do we improve our own efficiencies, looking at touchless claims, as an example, simplifying our pre-authorization processes, investments in better provider finders? So a number of the things that we're investing in around our digital transformation helps us in terms of our own internal cost structure, but also improves the cost structure of our trading partners, care providers and our customers. And again, affordability, we think, is critical in this environment in the scenario that we believe is our role and responsibility and are very focused on it. So, we have a number of tools or those on the provider side, really focused on value-based care and then on our own side around really changing workflows and digitization and moving much more aggressively into that space. So thank you very much for the question. I'd now like to close by saying thank you. We're pleased to have carried forward our momentum into 2022, and we're confident that the ongoing execution of our strategy positions us to continue to deliver against the financial targets we shared with you at our investor conference last year. Across our organization, we're accelerating innovation to advance our digital capability and resources simplifying our processes, improving our consumer experience and delivering products and services to champion a Whole Health approach and advanced health beyond health care for consumers at all stages of their lives. We're fueled by a passion for making a positive difference in the world and we're improving health by addressing consumer needs at a personal level, removing barriers to care and creating more meaningful connections across the lifetime of milestones and experiences. We'll keep executing with excellence and discipline to bring increasing value to all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your interest in Anthem, and have a great rest of the week.
John Gallina: Yes. Thanks, Justin. So in terms of COVID and non-COVID combined, as you know, that there was a significant spike of COVID in January and then it came down even at a faster rate in February and March than we had seen a decline at any point in time during the entire pandemic. Having said that, Commercial had the highest COVID cost in the quarter on a comparative basis, so Commercial COVID and non-COVID combined were clearly above baseline for the quarter. Medicare was next. And if you take Medicare COVID and Medicare non-COVID combined, it was still above baseline, but performed actually much better than Commercial. And then Medicaid continues to actually be the line of business that's performing the absolute best during the entire pandemic from a COVID and non-COVID combined perspective, and the total of those two are relatively close to baseline. So all in, the Company was above baseline, even though it was better than our overall expectations. Associated with commercial margins, we do feel good about the targets that we laid out in Investor Day back in 2021. As you know, we talked about getting to a 10.5% to 11.5% range by 2025. We've got a lot of things going on with COVID. It's certainly the single biggest factor that is causing commercial margins to be a little challenge this year versus prior years. And we also have some seasonality issues with our risk deals with our diversified business group, and that's not going to impact the annual margins at all, but it will impact certainly the quarterly margins. And Diversified Business Group, as I said in my prepared comments, I would not annualize that because of the fact that the shifting seasonality. And then Commercial, I wouldn't annualize that either because of that same aspect. So, we feel very good about the commercial growth and where we're heading as a company and the value proposition it has and feel very good about our 2025 targets. We're just challenged this year given -- or this quarter, the high COVID in January. But thanks for the question, Justin.
John Gallina: Yes. Thanks, Nathan. I appreciate the question. We did end the quarter better than anticipated, but still above baseline, certainly, very pleased with our start for the year. However, there is still uncertainty, boosters, vaccination, potential spikes in COVID. But we feel very good about where we are right now. And with those unknowns, we still believe that we want to take a prudent posture to our guidance. With that, though, right now, we have a bias that our medical loss ratio is going to be closer to the midpoint to the lower half of the range. So it is an improved outlook from what we talked about 90 days ago, but still very prudent given the overall circumstances. Thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Sure. Thanks for the question. I'll take that one as well. On the interest rates and its impact, you look at our investment portfolio we have about $35 billion in fixed maturities at this point in time. And about 30% of that $35 billion is in variable rate. So, there is an immediate benefit that portion of the portfolio gets from the rising interest rates. And then you look at the other half of the balance sheet. And as you know, we try to target close to a 40% debt-to-cap ratio. We're at 39.2% at the end of the quarter, so very much in line with our targets. And that right now is about $23 billion of the debt, and only less than 10% of that is variable rate which obviously will go up. So we're actually winning the arbitrage game from that perspective. And so the rising interest rates are actually a net, net, good guide to us. In terms of long-term earnings expectations, we're still very comfortable reaffirming the 12% to 15% growth rate in EPS that we've been talking about here since our last Investor Day. And I think what these interest rates do is give us a lot more flexibility in terms of decisions that we can make and be more strategic with those decisions here in the future. Thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Thank you, Dave, and I appreciate the fact that you recognized that we've already had a conservative stance associated with our reserves. But -- our approach to reserves has been both prudent and consistent, and we obviously need to ensure that we follow actuarial standards and comply with generally accepted accounting principles. Associated with the first quarter, there is a natural seasonality aspect to the days and claims payable metric. And the first quarter has typically been a little bit higher than the fourth quarter on a sequential basis. And you can see that the last several years and that happened again this year. A lot of it has to do with a lot of new clients coming on, and we did have such a significant new sales activity. And as you know, we have 1.4 million new lives in the first quarter alone. And it usually takes a little bit of time for those folks to really get through to the doctors and get the manning and get all those claims paid. So, it's very natural to have a small increase in the first quarter. I would say that we feel very confident with the strength of our balance sheet and that the reserves that we booked as of March 31. They're very consistent with the reserves that were booked on December 31. So thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Yes, thanks for the question. Certainly, we're very pleased with the growth. The admin fee growth is both a combination of the ASO fees on the fee-based membership along with the fee-for-service aspects of many of these add-on value proposition type services. And then, we -- as you know, on the 5:1 to 3:1, we're doing very well. We had about a year delay at the beginning of COVID, but we ended 2021. And it began 2022 at about 4:1 within that range. And we still feel very good about hitting 3:1 by 2024. In terms of the overall growth, I mean, look at the membership, I mean the membership is just going awesome, our best national account selling season ever, and that's obviously adding to the admin fee revenue growth.
John Gallina: Thanks, Kevin. Specifically associated with the first quarter medical loss ratio, really have to look at what the situation was when we first provided guidance. The Omicron variant was peaking at a higher point than at any time since the pandemic began. And the home testing rule adjustment issued, amongst other things. And so, part of the guidance that we provided at that point in time was having those facts in front of us. What would happen was is that February and then March had even a much more significant drop in positivity rate that we had seen for any of the other prior surges that we've had since COVID started. And then we're also very pleased that there is no evidence of any abuse or stockpiling of the free home testing kits that was part of our concern as well. And non-COVID obviously, went back up as COVID went down as this occurred at every phase through the pandemic. But all in, the cost structure was better than our expectations, still above baseline, but better than our expectations. And that really was the primary driver of the better performance in the quarter.
John Gallina: Thanks, Steve. I'll see if I can answer both those questions. On the investment income, do not run rate our first quarter performance. And first of all, know the loss on the write-down of the assets was not part of that. The outperformance really to do with our alternative investment portfolio and some of the positives that has come through, we're very, very happy with that, but we do not believe it's run rate. And then associated with the seasonality and the MLR, again, we're very pleased with the strong start for the year. And we did raise our full year guidance to $28.40. Simple math will tell you, $8.25 is about 29% of the full year. Essentially, for modeling purposes, I'd say the current consensus estimates for the second quarter right now are a reasonable approximation of second quarter expectations. So hopefully, that helps.
John Gallina: Yes. Sure, Gary. Good questions. On the medical loss ratio, we're not completely back to normal. There are still certain things associated with the public health emergency, where various cost shares are waived. The free home testing kits, even though they weren't abuse or stockpiling of those, there was a cost. They did cost. And we expect to continue to incur those throughout the entirety of the public health emergency. So we think the seasonality factors will differ a bit from historical patterns because we're just in a completely different situation. And then associated with the SG&A and the cost structure, some of it is also opportunistic spending of accelerating investments in our digital areas when we have the ability to accelerate. And our expectation is, is that with the really excellent top line growth that we've seen, clearly, top line growth does include some variable costs that will obviously be incurred above and beyond what had been assumed. But we feel very good about still hitting our guidance numbers for the full year. So, unfortunately, I don't think our historical seasonality patterns are a great proxy given the situation that we're in this year.
Morgan Kendrick: Yes. Thanks, Gail, and A. J., good morning. We have done a lot of work. And if you think about the fact that the Commercial business, the Medicare business -- well, the government business in entirety, as well as our marketing organization and our government affairs partners have worked to build out a plan for when re-verification begins. And presently, we're expecting roughly 35% of the present Medicaid membership to stay with the Government division and then 45% of that will move into commercial group insurance, with another 20 moving into the individual ACA exchanges. Certainly, the commercial group insurance will be one that the employers will pick it back up as they begin re-verification. But on the exchanges, I think one thing that's notably important is we talked last quarter about a renewed focus on our individual ACA business. And looking at that business differently and more competitively, we've expanded the product offering. We've expanded the network opportunities. We've expanded the counties in which we serve our customers from 71% to 83% of the counties in our 14 geographies this year. So, we feel we're poised quite well to pick up when verification begins. And as Gail noted, that certainly will slide over a period of time given the 14 months that the states have to continue to work. But thanks again for the question.
Morgan Kendrick: So, Matt, thanks again for the question. So yes, we've had a fantastic start to the year. We do expect that to continue. Certainly, north of 50% of our business, especially on the upper end, all of -- just about all of the national business is January focused. So we've kind of gone through that. The balance of the business will be the continued local market business. And we've seen a big uptick in our fee-based business, which is terrific. We see the next big tranche coming on in July. I wouldn't expect it to be materially larger than what we've seen in typical years, but we're growing that business nicely month-over-month. To me, the assets are resonating in the market. When I look at how the business is performing. And also the opportunity back to the comment earlier on expanding in account value, the 5:1/3:1 strategy is proceeding nicely, just given the actual opportunity with the fee-based business around stop-loss. Presently, our penetration, we've got opportunities there as well as our specialty products, pharmacy as well. So I feel really good about it. I wouldn't expect it to be -- right now, we've said that we would be somewhere around 1 million members, commercial business full year. And we have some attrition that certainly bleeds off through the year of the national business, but feel good about our position now and for the balance of the year is how it's setting up.
Morgan Kendrick: Yes, Rob, thanks for the question. This season was spectacular. As John said, it was the best we've ever had in the Company. So I'll tell you, the business doesn't all -- the cycle isn't always the same. These very, very large cases, usually bid on a 36-month cycle. So certainly, we're not seeing the volume. It's interesting, we've seen some very early, very large 2024 prospects already that we're bidding on. But I expect the assets to continue to resonate and our win rate to be consistent with what we've seen in the past. We continue to build upon what we've done. And our digital assets are resonating quite nicely, our clinical assets as well. So, it's a bit early. We do have some wins already in cases and the volume differ by year and that's not inconsistent. So it's not unexpected. Thanks again for your question.
Morgan Kendrick: Yes. And, Josh, thanks again for the question. When I think about the reasons for the win, it's basically two things it's economics and experience. And when you look at the up market business, let's just focus there for a minute. It's one of the things that's consistent is buying various levels of advocacy services. So it's a heightened service model on the front end, which is probably north of 90% of our business. That's part of complementary to the just base admin fee that John described earlier. Also, we think about the clinical model that's unique and more elegant connecting back to a higher order front end. That's another model that we've seen great success for in the national market. In fact, we launched in 2018 with Total Health, Total You. Presently, we're sitting almost 7 million members across both the national business and local markets that have accepted that product and enjoying the product and what it's delivering. When you think about where the market has kind of evolved to your point around what people are looking to buy, I mean the labor market is tight. Most employers look at their health benefits as a human capital strategy, and they're looking for these unique nuanced ways to have a better solution rather than just a health benefits product. Lastly, commenting on your comment around the -- your question regarding stop-offs, there's a big opportunity there for us. When you look at the penetrable market, up market, we have a very, very large percent of it. We've got roughly 60% of our business in the stop-loss business penetrated today. We expect that to continue and look for different opportunities to serve our employers through value-based arrangements where it's a pay for value. And we do find the sign-up or the employer uptake to be quite large when it's positioned that way when payment is received upon value delivered. So again, thank you for your question.
