Mark Kaye: Thank you, Gail. As you heard earlier, our first quarter results reflect solid performance under a dynamic operating environment. We ended March with 46.2 million members reflecting Medicaid attrition, partially offset by ongoing momentum in our commercial business. During the quarter, we added nearly 400,000 commercial fee-based members, driven by strong retention and a successful national account selling season, and over 200,000 individual ACA members, given our attractive product positioning and coverage transitions away from Medicaid. Medicare Advantage membership declined slightly, as expected, given select market exits and the collective actions we continue to take to establish a strong foundation for profitable and sustainable growth over the long term. Operating revenue for the quarter was $42.3 billion, in line with our expectations. The consolidated benefit expense ratio of 85.6% improved 20 basis points year-over-year due to disciplined premium rate adjustments to reflect medical cost trends and the ongoing recovery of commercial margins from pandemic era lows. The adjusted operating expense ratio was 11.4%, consistent with the first quarter of 2023, indicative of our commitment to disciplined expense management and investment prioritization. Solid performance and growth in operating gain for both our health benefits and Carelon segments of $138 million and $72 million respectively, led to growth in consolidated adjusted operating gains of over 7%. Carelon Services had a particularly strong start to the year with revenue and operating earnings growth driven by risk based service line expansions and effective cost management, especially in our Carelon Insights and Carelon Behavioral Health businesses, further accelerating our enterprise flywheel or growth. Operating cash flow in the first quarter was $2 billion, or approximately 0.9 times net income. With respect to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a debt to capital ratio of 39.4%, in line with our target range, preserving ongoing capital allocation flexibility. We repurchased 1.1 million shares of common stock for approximately $566 million during the quarter, underscoring our confidence in the intrinsic value of our shares and the long-term value proposition. We maintained our prudent and consistent approach to reserving. Days in claims payable stood at 49 days as of March 31st, up three days from the prior year quarter. This increase was largely driven by higher reserves associated with slower claims receipts due to an industry-wide disruption that impacted a major claims clearinghouse. As a reminder, we expect our days in claims payable to be in the low 40s range long term. I'd also like to take a moment to provide additional color on our strategic partnership with Clayton, Dubilier & Rice. We are excited to partner with CD&R to scale what will be a best-in-class, payor agnostic advanced care delivery and enablement platform catering to the unique needs of consumers, regardless of their form of coverage. This collaboration will allow us to advance our local-oriented approach to care delivery based on the unique needs of the communities, consumers, and employers we are privileged to serve. At the onset, Elevance Health will hold a significant minority position in the combined business with a clear path to first majority and then full ownership in approximately five years. The formation of the strategic partnership includes our capital contribution in the form of cash and our equity interest in certain care delivery and enablement assets of Carelon Health as well as the conveyance from CD&R of our pre-health in Millennium Physician Group, and is subject to customary regulatory approvals. Overall, we are pleased with our first quarter performance and the solid start to the year. Momentum in our health benefits and Carelon businesses and the balance and resilience of our enterprise underscores our confidence in delivering another year of growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share consistent with our long-term compound annual growth rate of at least 12%. As we look forward to the rest of 2024, our focus will remain on successfully executing our strategy as we accelerate capabilities and services, invest in high growth opportunities, and optimize our health benefits business. And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Mark Kaye: AJ, as you just heard from Gail, we acted quite responsibly to sever our network connections to Change Healthcare and to protect the data of both our members and providers. While we initially observed a 15% to 20% reduction in the daily volume of electronic data receipts from providers, most of which were claims related, in recent weeks our extensive efforts have led to a significant catch-up in outstanding claim volumes. And for the quarter, we are effectively caught up on claims receipts and are now working to complete all necessary claims adjudication and processing activities. As such, as part of the normal reserving practices, we've reflected the appropriate impact of the industry-wide disruption related to Change Healthcare in the reserves we've reported for our first quarter financials, and that ensures both consistency with historical practice and prudence. And then to your specific question, the impact here was to increase our sequential days in claims payable quarterly result by approximately 1.7 days.
Mark Kaye: And then 1 quick financial remark just at the end of Pete's comments there. We do expect the consolidated entity once formed to have over $4 billion in annualized debt revenue.
Mark Kaye: Lisa, thanks very much for the question. So utilization in the first quarter in our health benefits businesses was in line with our expectation and that was reflected in our reported benefit expense ratio of approximately 85.6%. In the commercial business, specifically inpatient and outpatient authorization levels year to date were aligned with our expectations and our internal year-to-go trend remains unchanged. On Medicare, as expected, we saw utilization related to both the two midnight rule for inpatient stays as well as pockets of outpatient authorizations around, for example, at radiology and cardiovascular procedures. And importantly, these trends were broadly planned for as part of our underlying cost trend assumptions. Medicaid, as you heard Felicia talk about a moment ago, did experience increased but state-specific utilization attributed to the redetermination, mix impacts, and we remain very comfortable with what we're seeing there given those ongoing constructive dialogues with the impacted states. And so overall, we remain confident that both our MA bids for 2024 and our commercial pricing really reflect the appropriate projections for utilization and medical cost trends.
Mark Kaye: We were pleased to report our adjusted deleted EPS this quarter, which came in slightly better than our seasonal expectation. And that was led by solid performance in both our health benefits and Carelon divisions, where operating margin increased by 30 basis points and 20 basis points respectively, highlighting what we see as disciplined execution of our initiatives during a dynamic time for the industry. Of specific notes, and you referenced this in your question, was the favorable performance in the first quarter benefit expense ratio and that was driven by commercial margins that continue to recover from pandemic era lows. We're very pleased with the Q1 results. It's still early in the year and given our business is subject to some variability around medical cost trends, we're intentionally remaining thoughtful and prudent in our outlook and that led us to increase our guide for adjusted EPS by $0.10 to be greater than $37.20.
Mark Kaye: On your second question, the seasonality of the adjusted diluted EPS in 2024 is expected to be consistent with the past several years with approximately 55% of earnings in the first half of the year. I also want to call out that workday seasonality, given it is a leap year, did result in a smaller than historically normal impact in the first quarter. But we expect the workday seasonality to put slightly more pressure on the third quarter MLR with an offsetting favorability than in the fourth quarter as those workdays normalize.
Mark Kaye: Thank you very much for the question. You should see these two targets as synergistic. We remain firmly committed to achieving a long-term adjusted earnings per share CAGR of 12% to 15% through 2027 as we communicated at our Investor Day event last year. And then as we think more broadly around the long-term, we have confidence that through business cycles and over time, the earnings power of our health benefits and Carelon flywheel will generate the momentum and the foundation that's needed to sustain a long-term compound annual growth rate of at least 12%.
Mark Kaye: Thank you very much for the question. Margins were better than expected in the first quarter, and that aligned very well to very strong revenue growth in the quarter, given the launch of several new internal risk deals, which we expect to accelerate as the year goes on. We're not seeking to update our full year guidance at this time, given that both the seasonality of the business continues to evolve as we expand our risk-based revenue and the timing of new product launches is anticipated to result in some transitory quarterly volatility. But let me turn it over to Pete for a couple of minutes to talk about what we're doing.
Mark Kaye: Gary, good morning and thank you for the questions. Let me start maybe with the margins and let me bring it up to the health benefits business segment to talk about first. So in terms of health benefits, the margins this quarter were very much in line with our expectations. It puts us squarely on track to achieve our guidance for the full year of an increase between 25 basis points and 50 basis points. I'm not looking necessarily to comment on a single business' margin, but you could expect Medicaid margins to normalize, given we already have line of sight, and you heard Felicia talk about this, into approximately 75% of the Medicaid premiums for 2024, and that we are comfortable with the actuarial soundness of the rates that we are seeing. Over the long term, Medicaid continues to normalize as we spoke about last quarter, and it is performing as expected. On the DCP, for 2024, if we look out through the end of the year, we're anticipating remaining in the mid to upper 40s range given Medicaid membership is expected to decline to within our guidance range of 8.8 million to 9.2 million members. And as you know, Medicaid has a slightly lower relative DCP compared to commercial, for example. And then over time, to reiterate the guidance, we do expect over the long term, DCPs to return to that more normalized range in the low 40s.
Mark Kaye: On your first question, the sequential increase in days in claims payable at quarter result of 1.7 days is primarily related to the Change Healthcare. I just want to -- -maybe one clarification around this. It's worth noting that neither the decrease in claims receipts that we saw during the quarter or the reserve accrual that we took related to Change Healthcare had any discernible impact on our benefit expense ratio or P&L. And that's because we believe the reserve represents an amount we would otherwise have paid had there been no disruption. So you should think about this as overall for the quarter, incurred claims are completely consistent with our expectations. Given some of the notes that came out this morning, I also would like to just reiterate that we do expect operating cash flow to be at least $8.1 billion for the full year, reiterating our earlier guidance.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, great. Thanks so much for the question, Lance. First, as I shared on in my opening comments, we're very excited about this partnership with CD&R, because it is very much the next step in our journey to bring value-based care to more consumers, specifically about partnering closely with care providers. And we see it as absolutely consistent to driving greater risk adoption and advancing our specialty enablement strategy as well. So it's very much a first step there. And as you said in your question, this aligns very closely with our strategy and our broad partnership focus to work directly with care providers in our local markets. And our goal again remains to increase more downside risk sharing in our value-based arrangements. I think, to take a step back, what makes this approach unique is that we're enabling value-based care across all lines of business. So, as I shared, the combined company is going to be payor-agnostic, and it's focused on enabling advanced primary care locally. And from the get-go, it's going to serve nearly 1 million consumers, and that's going to be across our commercial, Medicare and Medicaid health plans upon formation. Another thing I think is important is that it provides the opportunity to pull through Carelon services to support those patients and accelerate that specialty enablement for complex and chronic patients. We have been working with these management teams and these assets for some time and feel very confident about the alignment of our goals to serve as a lifetime trusted health partner. The goal gets back again to focusing on whole health, the needs of consumers, driving greater affordability, and fundamentally differentiate a consumer experience. A few things about the partnership too, and again, what makes it different for patients. They're going to have access to integrated teams. We're looking at personalized navigation, expanded digital assets, and specialized services. The primary care model is going to be built to be very distinctive, including community practices, purpose-built clinics, high-risk clinics, and digitally-enabled care models. So, as you can see, it's a fairly comprehensive approach. And the last thing I'd say is that employers in the market have not historically had access to a lot of these capabilities. And we have seen through the work that we're already doing, that this dedicated primary care capacity that integrates the clinical and benefits navigation with their specific health and wellness strategies is truly differentiating. So again, this is being purpose-built to work across all of the aspects of [Medicare, Medicare] (ph), commercial, not just a single business. So very much excited. We see this as an opportunity to accelerate innovation in the space and improve healthcare outcomes and consumer experiences. So thanks very much for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, AJ. Let me maybe provide some broad-based comments and then I'll turn it over to Mark to provide a little more specificity on your questions. Now, I want to say first and foremost, I'm really proud of our teams and how they responded to this issue that occurred with Change quickly and effectively, first to protect our members and their data, and also help our care providers maintain their operations and cash flow. Importantly, I think it's important to note that from a perspective, we were not as significantly impacted by this and we are back to normal operations in terms of claims flow. Importantly, another thing that's really important to understand is our prior authorization provider payments and pharmacy claims were not materially impacted as well because they don't go through Change. We don't use Change significantly for those. So with that, I'll turn it over to Mark to provide a little more comments. But I think framing it overall, we feel that our teams acted quite quickly and really proud of our ability to work in the ecosystem to help support them.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah, thanks for the question, Josh, because I think it very much aligns to the strategy that we've laid out. I guess first and foremost, it's payor-agnostic, and it was really important. We've always said that our goal, given the diversity of our business mix, serve all members across all business lines, given the depth and density of our membership on our local markets, that is very important. We had a partnership already working with many of these assets. So as I said, we know the membership -- we know the leadership teams, we know the value that can be created. And so, we have been working with them and feel quite good about what we can create. This is payor-agnostic, which we also think is very important. And again, this will help us continue through having a focus on advanced primary care, it's still very much focused on our chronic patients and complex patients. And we are still building specialty care enablement, which is, again, another very important component of what we're trying to probe through. So I think from that value-based care across all lines of business, a critical part of our strategy, very consistent, driving value-based care, continuing to drive much more downside risk, which means that we needed strong enabling capabilities to help practices work their way through that. We know that it takes time. It is also a technology-driven model. So one of the nice things about this partnership is that there are embedded technology assets to digitally-enabled care as well. And then we have a focus on patient access and experience in the adoption of next generation models. So again, consistent with the strategy that we've had over the last several years, not really a diversion, I think, from that. And I think the timing for us was right because we have been experimenting with multiple models and have a lot of experience in the space right now. So thank you very much for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Ben. I'm going to have Pete probably provide a lot more context. But just quickly, about a third of the membership is under risk arrangement now. So with that, Pete, why don't you give a little more color into the relationship and how we see it evolve.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Mark, and thanks for the question, Whit. And I just want to add to Pete's comments about just the momentum that we're seeing inside of Carelon. First, our proof points are within Elevance Health, and then secondarily now seeing some really nice momentum and traction externally. So thanks for the question. And next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Nathan. As I shared in my opening comments, first of all, the Medicare rate announcement, as you've heard, represents the second year of consecutive cuts to the program that we know will result in increased premiums and reduced benefits for seniors with disabilities and particularly those that have really needed this program. Our approach is very consistent. We're going to continue to be disciplined in our approach to the Medicare business. Our focus is to get consistency, high-value competitive benefits, and balanced growth and margins. We're focused on building a sustainable, attractive, long-term business. It's too early to provide specifics for the 2025 bid at this stage, but again, I'm going to repeat, we're looking to really balance growth and margins. As we talked about in our Investor Day, our focus is on keeping our members Blue for life and there we’re focused on particularly our 14 Blue states and continuing to prioritize the very significant business we have in DSNP where our unique competitive advantage is serving the needs of those consumers with complex conditions. So overall, we're in the midst of the process right now, so we'll have more as we get through the bid process, but thank you very much for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah, in addition, I'll just add to what Pete said, to BioPlus, as you know, we also announced the acquisition of Kroger Specialty Pharmacy, and that is also well aligned to Carelon’s effort to control those levers that matter. So thank you for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah, George, I think Felicia pretty much covered your question, which is, we think things are quite aligned at this point. So in terms of the acuity and the mix, everything, we have visibility into 75% of our Medicaid premiums. We've had very constructive discussions with our states. So, overall, we feel things are lining up. They're actuarially sound, and our conversations are ongoing. So, I feel very good about our Medicaid business, just to sort of put a finer point on that. In terms of Kroger, I'm going to ask Pete to comment on Kroger and how that's going to align with our broader pharmacy business.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thank you very much for your questions. Just in some closing thoughts, we're very pleased to be off to a solid start this year, and we're confident, as you heard in the ongoing execution of our strategy and the balance and resilience of our diverse set of businesses positions us well for 2024 and beyond. We're very excited about the future and look forward to sharing more on our progress with you in the coming year. Thank you for your interest in Elevance Health and have a great rest of your week.
Peter Haytaian: That's great. Thanks for the question, Ben. And I'll give you a little bit more color on the assets and the capabilities. They really all have their distinct strengths. We see great opportunities, quite frankly, to cross-pollinate. When you think about MPG to your question on risk, they really are a leader in managing Medicare and commercial risk. And they've also got a very strong chassis I think, for future growth and a proven model in that regard in terms of acquiring and providing practices. So very strong at managing risk and a lot of capabilities in that regard. What's really interesting about apree and Gail referenced this is they've got a differentiating technology and navigation capabilities with a real strong focus on the commercial business. So a really nice entry point for us. We've been working on relationships already in this regard. And I'm really excited about that because we, obviously, as a company, have a really strong commercial footprint, a really nice entry point for us. And then, of course, Carelon Health advanced primary care which is a leader in managing the complex and the chronic and largely takes risk today. We see a tremendous opportunity in a variety of ways for that. One, from a technology perspective, state-of-the-art EMR that we can upgrade as well as from a growth perspective in terms of partnering with MPG and apree. And then finally, and Gail mentioned this, but I'll reiterate it, a tremendous opportunity to wrap around existing Carelon services to this arrangement that will create value for all three assets. So, appreciate the question.
Peter Haytaian: Yeah, thanks for the question. As it relates to Carelon external growth, we continue to see a really nice momentum in our build. I mean, for 2024, from an overall sales perspective, we've already this time of the year, exceeded what we did in all 2023. And you heard Gail mention in her prepared remarks several new wins, which we're really excited about, really growth across the portfolio with some notable wins in behavioral health. She mentioned winning a statewide account in Medicaid for Maryland, which we're really excited about, and then some new innovative solutions with large employers as well as wins in the state of California. And on the behavioral health side, also some select wins in the crisis space, so areas that we've been really focused on. In addition to that, we've had some notable wins with the Blues related to our insights business. We've talked about this before, but it's really critical that we prove some of our risk arrangements and our differentiated capabilities in Elevance and then port those to the Blues. And we've seen that play through with several notable wins. Lastly, I'd say we're excited about the ‘25 pipeline. We're obviously actively in the selling season, our pipeline is very rich. And again, I would say a large focus on our insights businesses, as well as our behavioral health businesses.
Peter Haytaian: Yeah, thanks for the question, Andrew. Listen, the integration of BioPlus is going well. As you know, we remain on an accelerated calendar regarding this. I'll just reiterate, we spent last year building out the infrastructure and the team, and we did begin migrating scripts in January of this year. And we're doing so really on a staged basis. So we'll continue to do the migration throughout ‘24 and into 2025 as it relates to the Elevance Health book of business. I'd say overall things are going well. The infrastructure build is going well in addition to the BioPlus dispensing facilities that are in place. We're live with one additional facility now as we speak and we have two more going live this year. So we feel very good about the capacity, not only with respect to the Elevance Health business, but business beyond that. So we're excited, we're on a path, and again it will be staged throughout ‘24 and ‘25.
Peter Haytaian: Yeah, George, thanks for the question on Kroger. And as Gail alluded to it, we're excited about this deal. It furthers the Carelon and the pharmacy strategy. It certainly is a natural extension of our recent arrangement with BioPlus. And just to give you some background, Kroger Specialty Pharmacy is the largest non-payer-owned specialty pharmacy. They do about 500,000 scripts a year, And it really is a natural complement to what we're doing with both BioPlus and Paragon, quite frankly. To give you a sense of what this is going to do for us, it's going to add meaningful scale. It increases our access to more LDDs, limited distribution drugs, which is very important. Certainly strengthens our relationship with manufacturers, enabling us to really provide greater affordability and quality. And in fact, it has a nice presence in Puerto Rico, which could be very helpful to our MMM business. As it relates to your question on transition of scripts, we feel very good about that. I mean, obviously, in this case with specialty pharmacy, providers and members have choice, but we feel very good about the execution model. We feel very good about the stickiness of the scripts, and we believe the integration and the transition will be straightforward. We expect the arrangement to likely close in Q3 and Q4 this year.
Peter Haytaian: Yeah, no, it's appreciated. And Mark's really covered it. But think about it this way. We are launching some pretty significant risk arrangements this year. We've talked about it, but a full risk arrangement in oncology, a full risk arrangement with the seriously mentally ill. And you should think about this as a natural cadence to launching this throughout the year, and that's what's going to impact the margins. So, for example, with the seriously mentally ill, we're doing this largely with the Medicaid business. It's not a big bang across all the Medicaid states immediately, as you'd expect. It's more methodical state by state in ‘24 and ‘25.
Felicia Norwood: Good morning, Dave, and thank you for the question. Frankly, right now we're at a point where our Medicaid business is actually tracking very much in line with our expectations. As you referenced, we believe that about 90% of our members have had their eligibility redetermined. So as we go through the next few months, you certainly see this tapering down as we really wrap up the unwinding process as we get through June. One of the things I want to make sure you understand, the downward trend in membership in the first quarter resulted not just from re-determinations, but footprint changes as well. So it's really the cumulative impact of those two things in terms of the first quarter. When we think about the work that we will continue to do is we will continue to outreach to Medicaid members. Many members who have lost their membership at this point did that as a result of really procedural reasons. So the team will continue to be very aggressive around continuing the outreach that's been going on. And we're really proud of the work that we continue to do to really reach out to over 4.5 million people, as Gail referenced in the opening comments, to make sure that individuals who are truly eligible for Medicaid have access to Medicaid and, if not, are able to transition to an exchange product and continue coverage. In terms of where we are today with respect to, the acuity and mix of that membership, the acuity is in line with what we expected. And I will also say that at this point we have visibility into 75% of our Medicaid rates and premiums for 2024. The vast majority of those are in line with our expectations and they're actuarially sound. As you know, we have ongoing conversations with our state partners as we go throughout this process and we expect those rates to continue to be actuarially sound. So we're going to continue to work with our state partners. We're going to continue the advocacy with our members in terms of making sure they have access to care and coverage. And we're going to make sure that we go through this process with a lot of discipline and rigor, understand the mix of our membership and the levers versus [payors] (ph) as we go through this process. Thank you for the question.
Felicia Norwood: So, good morning, Justin, and thank you for the question. There are significant changes coming for 2025, and I'll say this, it's early to provide specifics around what our 2025 strategy is going to be. But as Gail mentioned before, we are going to make sure that we have a very balanced approach as we think about the margins around our Medicare business and focus on those things that we believe bring the highest value to our members as we really work to make sure we have a competitive product in-market that meets the needs of those members that we're trying to serve with a lot of dynamic changes that are going on in the Medicare environment for 2025. So thank you for the question.
Felicia Norwood: So, good morning, Ann, and thank you. We are certainly very pleased with the results in Florida. It's a state that we have been partnering in for a long period of time, but certainly the win here allows us to expand our footprint and additionally serve some complex populations, particularly SMI, which will be very much kind of a collaboration with our Carelon Services business, so very excited about that. We are also very focused on our Virginia go-live, which is coming up in July as well. So a lot of work happening there. Outstanding at this point is certainly Georgia, where we will be defending our procurement with respect to our core business, as well as our foster care business in the state of Georgia, and feel very good about the work that we continue to do there in partnership with the state. In addition, we are very much focused on a couple of new geographies where we are bidding this year and look forward to hearing those results. But on top of that, the states are very much focused on specialty populations, and we see that as the opportunity for growth as we go forward. Medicaid is a very important business for us. Our recent RFP wins, I think, demonstrate the value that we bring to our state partners, but more importantly, the improvement in quality of outcomes that we are providing to Medicaid beneficiaries. So thank you very much for the question.
Felicia Norwood: And, Sarah, just on your question with respect to our Medicaid states and when our rates are up for renewal, we have roughly 10 states that renew in January, another state that renews in April, another nine that renew in July, and then the last two renew in the back half of the year in September and October.
