John E. Gallina: Hi, Ana. This is John. Thank you for the question. Let me see if I can answer both of those. So, in terms of our raising guidance to greater than $11.70 per share, the exchange business, as you know, there's a lot of moving parts associated with that. We had some true-ups here associated with the 2016 business, based on getting the final CMS information at the end of June. Fortunately, the true-ups were relatively small. The reinsurance paid out slightly higher than we expected. But on the risk adjusters, we are quite pleased with the analytics that we had done prior and the fact that what we ended up in terms of our risk-adjuster receivers and the magnitude of the receivables that we are entitled to was virtually spot on what we had recorded, which really does show that we understand that line of business and then really do have very great data analytics associated with that. So, the true-up process itself really had minimal impact on our 2017 reported results. And in terms of the outlook for the rest of the year, in the first quarter, there had been a bit of commentary associated with the morbidity, it was a bit higher than we had planned for, due to a shrinking risk pool and various other issues. So, we've adjusted our thought process for 2017 risk adjusters, and we believe that they're all relatively, appropriately stated in terms of what's been recorded for the first six months and what's expected for the last six months. So, I would not say that there's a significant amount of conservatism associated with the guidance related to exchanges, as much as I would say is that our track record was doing a pretty darn good job of predicting it. That's pretty much where we stand on that. Related to Iowa, we've not finalized a rate increase for July 1. We did experience higher-than-expected claims during the second quarter of 2017. I'm not really going to go into much more detail than that. Yeah, we did, at the beginning of 2017, receive a partial payment associated with a portion of the 2016 losses into the 2017 period. And we continue to work with the state in Iowa in order to come up with actuarially justified rates for the future. So, we really haven't taken that into consideration yet. We're hopeful there's some conservatism in those numbers, but until we finalize the work with the state and get actuarially justified rates, that's still a bit of an open item. Thank you.
John E. Gallina: Yeah. Hey, A.J. Thanks for the question. Let me briefly address the capital and then I'll turn it over to Joe to – and he wants to talk about the rest of your question. So, in terms of the capital, you're exactly right that we've begun our share buyback once the Cigna deal was terminated. And your thought process on we may need to do a little bit faster acceleration in the second half than we have so far, I would say, on a weekly basis, we are exactly on track to delivering that $1.5 billion to $2 billion, because we didn't start the share buyback until into the second quarter, because we didn't have the finalization of the Cigna thing until several weeks into the second quarter. So, when you look at our path that we have in terms of share buyback on a weekly basis, we feel very good about our ability to deliver back to the shareholders the $1.5 billion to $2 billion. So, anyway, Joe, I'll turn it over to you for the other part of A.J.'s question.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, hey, Chris, thanks for the question. I'll address the first half and that's about the three states. As you indicated, it is a very small component of our membership associated with individual exchanges. In terms of profitability, it really is not significant, one way or another, in terms of the overall profile for the Individual book of business. So, it in and of itself is not a significant driver in terms of 2017 expectations.
John E. Gallina: Thank you, Joe. And, Chris, I was just going to maybe expand on your question about, is CSRs the only issue. Maybe a sort of think through what that means when we talk about CSRs. CSR – without CSR funding, as Joe said, we're talking about incremental 20-plus-percent rate increases. Well, we have 20-plus-percent rate increases with CNRs (38:40), so those are additive to each other. And in order to come up with a target margin with that level of rate increase is really a very difficult thing to do. And you look at – gee, if CSRs are not there, then what does that do to the number of people who are actually going to participate in the exchanges? And so then if that changes, how does that impact the risk profile or the risk pool associated with it? How will that then impact our ability to collect risk adjusters and the price for that and the various other aspects? So, there really is – this one item impacts multiple things downstream in terms of how we look and assess at these things. So, I just wanted to make sure it wasn't just the CSR, it was all the ramifications and there are many associated with that.
John E. Gallina: Yeah. Sure, thanks, Matt. So, in terms of the BlueCard, as I had – in the prepared comments had talked about that that was an offset to some of our other gains in terms of our overall membership outlook. And just to remind everyone, BlueCard is where it's another Blue Cross and Blue Shield carrier and owns the account and has sold the account and their member as a resident in our state is a typical methodology of how we obtain BlueCard membership, and that was a bit lower. However, as we look at the national account selling season, we really are pleased with the expected growth in membership for 2018. It's been a bit quiet for large jumbo national accounts, but we're a very strong player in the market and we expect to at least hold, if not, increase our market share in the national account space. We've had some great success with zero trend guarantees related to first-year customers. We have consistently delivered on that guarantee, providing value, saving customers medical cost. And we already have received a few RFPs for 2019, so we feel pretty good about our positioning, and quite honestly we're not all that worried about the small drop in BlueCard membership year-over-year, because we think that national accounts is – that the sales cycle is going to work its way out and that we're going to do just fine.
John E. Gallina: Thank you, Joe. And, Lance, in terms of the second part of your question of growth areas, I'm not understating this when I say that it will impact and help every line of business we have. And in terms of existing business, it will be very significant for new business and maybe specifically the question you're looking for is that we believe it will make our Medicare business that much more competitive, our Medicare Part D that much more competitive. We are growing that because of all the other benefits and things that we offer to the marketplace, we think it'll really help accelerate the growth in that area. And then in the Large Group ASO, it's not uncommon to have a PBM carve-out as part of the National Accounts or the Large Group ASO, and we believe that we can minimize the PBM carve-outs on that in the future, that's just two examples, but when I say it will help every line of business, we believe it will help every line of business. Thank you.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, thanks, Justin. So, in terms of 2018, the Medicaid, it's a little premature to talk about the specificity and we really would prefer not to talk about any one state. We're closing in on being in 50% of the states of America in terms of providing Medicaid services. And as you can imagine, within all those states, some do a little bit better and some don't do as well as we would have liked, and it's really a portfolio type approach. And it's really, I think, premature to discuss any one particular state, especially for 2018, other than to say that we are extremely high on the pipeline associated with future Medicaid opportunities and continue to capitalize on that. And we do see it as a growth area for the company, even without Medicaid expansion in the future with all the other various long-term support services; aged, blind and disabled; and various other things that are all part of the future pipeline. So, Medicaid clearly is continuing to be a growth area for us in the future. Thank you.
Joseph R. Swedish: Right. Good morning, A.J. Thanks for the question. Very quickly, maybe chop your question up into a couple parts. First of all, regarding some prior comments regarding M&A around MA, we still are very focused on examining markets, market by market looking at opportunities. Yes, we're still mindful of the opportunities for tuck-ins. We think that there certainly are opportunities that we should focus on very carefully and so we're going to continue that pursuit. As you know, we've got a MA platform that is now restructured and completely ready for expansion, both organically as well as by way of M&A. So, we're going to keep our options open. We're going to continue to look at the right fit for us in the markets that we believe where we can perform at a very, very high level. And so, we do have teams that are very actively engaged and focused on the best proposition possible. M&A, broadly speaking, is still a very significant long-term strategy for us given that – kind of an overarching theme is that it's still all about access, affordability and quality of services, both with respect to service as well as safety. We're very mindful of that fact that scale does matter in this pursuit, and we will continue to very carefully examine the marketplace to assess our optionality, our targets and hopefully create fits that are really synergistic with respect to how we're going to best serve the marketplace. Great example of – you may recall, a few years ago, the acquisition of Simply Healthcare probably stands out as the kind of transaction that I think and will be incredibly beneficial for the company, not just serving the marketplace, but also from a financial perspective being a great fit with respect to the synergies that I mentioned a moment ago, Simply was a incredibly well-run company. And I think we're very pleased to be able to, brought that into our portfolio, then being able to leverage off of that significant strength that it brought to us and continue to expand in the Florida marketplace. I think that – hopefully that's a response to the question about M&A and more specifically MA open for more questions there. With respect to the political landscape, I think we're all very observant of what's happening. I don't think it's an exaggeration by the hour, leading up to just maybe a week or so ago, we tried to stay very, very engaged in sharing our thoughts about what it would take to stabilize the marketplace. We do have ingredients that we have continually communicated as sort of the recipe or the ingredients to create stabilization in the marketplace, the ingredients that we believe will repair the Affordable Care Act issues that we've come upon repeatedly over the last few years, and we do believe we have been heard. A.J., with respect to how that all might play out in the end with respect to policy decisions that will be made by way of a vote in Congress, I think, is anybody's guess, but quite frankly, we do believe we have the ability to share our opinions, our voice is heard, and we're hopeful that the kind of stabilization, we believe, is essential to best serve our marketplace is going to be embedded in whatever may come out of Congress. There are other points of view that maybe nothing will happen in the short run. I can't weigh in on that at all. I don't know. But again, we're very hopeful, and we do believe that stabilization is a distinct possibility and obviously, as I said, we will continue to make the contributions necessary for our voice to be heard, as well as the voice of the industry overall. So, thanks for the question, and I look forward to maybe talking more about this as these policy decisions are created and put into force.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yeah. And John's absolutely right, there's a cascading effect. One other key ingredient, which is material, is the tax. And the tax, if it were to have the moratorium lifted, it's probably something on the order of 4% to 5% premium increase, so you can see the compounding effect of all of these issues that don't map to stabilization that then creates this cascading effect that John mentioned earlier. So, again, that's all included in our analytics specific to 139 rating regions that we are looking at very carefully to judge the in and out decisions that we have to make.
Joseph R. Swedish: Two parts, one, Iowa; one CSR in terms of further exploring that issue. Regarding Iowa, we got a great state partner and, obviously, we've been engaged in dialogue with them now for a quite lengthy period of time and we're very hopeful that, as John pointed out in his remarks, the actuarial soundness that we're pursuing, I think, will be made clear and the right decisions will be able to occur. And again, it's a work in process and I think going beyond, any kind of conversation at that level, I think, is not appropriate given the intricacy of the dialogue that we're having with our state partners. And with respect to contract terms, obviously, probably, in fact, cannot go into those terms at this time, but in the main we do believe that over time we'll be able to have the right kind of facts laid out that demonstrates the degree of adjustments that are necessary to create the actuarial soundness that we need to continue to serve the membership in Iowa. So, we're optimistic, but it is truly a work in process. With respect to CSR, there are a variety of paths and, obviously, the first path focuses specifically on action taken by Congress and if CSRs will be embedded in some type of legislative model and that's going to have to kind of play out based on the votes that occur in Congress. Absent that, and again I don't want to predict where all of that might go with respect to yet again another path, but obviously, there may be other choices that may occur related to funding by other means. Funding specific to an action taken by the administration, but I think put it altogether, I believe that the leadership that we deal with in Washington are very mindful and fully aware of how CSR really maps to stabilization and, in particular, the effect on premium increases for the people that we serve across the country. So, I think it's – that too is a work in process, but it's yet – remains to be seen exactly how that funding will flow to us to support our marketplace. We just don't know yet.
Joseph R. Swedish: Justin, thanks for the question specific to this continued formation of the ACA marketplace. We've always said that our target is 3% to 5% margin. We certainly haven't backed off of that. As you can imagine, toward the day-to-day grind of best managing that portfolio is governed in large measure by rules of engagement and the stabilization necessities that I talked about earlier coming to reality. Our sense is that stabilization is a distinct possibility. We are still committed to the 3% to 5% margin performance and we're also committed, as I've said repeatedly over nearly a year now and going back to last summer, kind of worked off the characterization of surgical extraction, we still are very focused on that as well. And I think, Justin, that we will make the right decisions with respect to engagement in the market, detachment from a market. Our hope is that we will be able to continue to perform in a very robust and meaningful manner in all 139 rating regions, but so much depends on how legislative process plays out and what stabilization rules are put into place, but again I'll reiterate, we're still hopeful that a 3% to 5% margin is achievable. And so, John, I don't know if you want to add to kind of the outlook and how engaged we are in making that a reality.
Joseph R. Swedish: Sarah, that's kind of the question that is very powerful perspective on the future of our industry. I've been a great believer that so-called secret sauce for our performance in the marketplace moving into the future is all about translating data to information, meaningful information that supports our provider community, especially in terms of better choices that they can make in and around evidence-based practice. Information that supports the needs of our consumers given the significant risk position that they're now being subjected to in terms of higher deductibles, etcetera. They need to make very well-informed decisions in terms of accessing healthcare and remaining healthy. Therefore, we are very committed to the wellbeing of all of our members. In that regard to your point about artificial intelligence and the foundational aspect of how you support the development of useful information, we're investing quite heavily with respect to data infrastructure, foundational buildout with respect to our IT systems. We are definitely using artificial intelligence today and optimizing our ACA benefits across 139 rating regions and actually, this has been a three-year journey for us in the AI space specific to that process. Again, I do want to underscore we will recognize that this is the future of a very successful health benefit manager and in that regard, the appropriative amount of funding is being distributed, allocated to our technologies that will advance artificial intelligence that can best support the needs of all the interests that we engage with, whether it's a provider or a consumer, government, what have you, we are intimately involved in building out that kind of capability today. Hopefully in the near future, we'll be able to talk more about that. So, thanks for questions. Very appropriate and very significant.
Joseph R. Swedish: Great. Thank you, operator. And thank you all for your questions. They were great questions today. And I just want to underscore that as a company we remain committed to confronting some really tough questions and challenges in and around the healthcare delivery system, as we are focused on expanding access to high-quality affordable healthcare to our customers. And I think that it's really critical for me to underscore the key contributors to that success being our associates who've given continued support to the company and to our customers, which total 40.4 million members. And our associates do that every day with incredible commitment. Thank you all for your interest in Anthem, and we look forward to speaking with you soon at upcoming conferences. Thank you very much for the time.
