Wayne S. DeVeydt: Hi, A.J. Good morning. Appreciate the question. Let me start by saying that we're only 90 days, really one quarter into the year, and I think from our perspective it was just prudent to wait till we saw the second quarter settle itself out. That being said, if the trends we had seen in the first quarter were to continue, we clearly would have a bias towards the lower end of our current guidance range at this point in time and really around the things you've highlighted. We are expecting a lower hep C cost for the year and a lower utilization than we had anticipated at this point in time. And overall, we think trend is playing well in all lines of business and in all segments.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah, so relative to the Three Rs, we really don't think that we'll get, as an industry, real quality data till early third quarter, most likely in the July timeframe. The question will be, will we get it prior to 2Q earnings, where we'll have an opportunity to reflect that. That being said, we are using the Wakely data and other information that we can find available and we continue, we believe, to reserve towards the more conservative end of a range of outcomes. We hope that that proves to be the case, which is a reflection of why our DCP has also continued to be an elevated level and the impact of those. It's important to recognize, though, that there's a combination of DCP being impacted by just strong reserves. The Three Rs in and of themselves do not necessarily reflect in DCP. So, we think we have conservatism beyond what's in the DCP at this point in time. Relative to cash flow, our outlook does assume a payout relative to the expectations we've booked at so far. So again, to the extent that that proves to be conservative, we would have upside both in our outlook and our cash flow. But I do want to reiterate, there are a lot of moving parts on the Three Rs and a lot of data that is not in our current custody (26:04), and we're going to need to get the actual data from CMS to be able to finalize any estimates.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Good morning, Josh. Relative to the ASO, it's a combination of mostly in Local Group. So, we are winning new accounts in Local Group. We obviously had already assumed the significant membership growth in our guidance regarding National Accounts, but we're being successful in the markets. There is some in-group change, but I would say it's a much smaller impact of the membership beat than it is actual new membership wins. So, we're definitely encouraged by that. We have the membership trailing down though in the back half of the year primarily due to the exchanges. We saw last year that a lot of the enrollees after Q1 actually migrated down throughout the year. We took a conservative posture in our guidance last year, assuming that would be the case, and that in fact played out to be the case. So we're going to assume a similar trend this year, which is a lot of the membership comes in heavy in Q1 and then as the year progresses it slowly ratchets down. Relative to the Assurant, which I know many of you probably saw last night, I would just say this, Josh, that this is the trend that we thought would be occurring regarding public exchanges. And I think we've been fairly vocal that we think that companies have to not only be local to get the cost of goods sold advantages they need, but they have to have significant depth, and you need to have national G&A leverage to be able to comply with the MLR rules. So, I think these opportunities are going to become more and more as this environment has the Three Rs go away. And from our perspective, we plan to be a participant in that membership as it becomes available.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: No. Regarding prior period, while it was slightly better than we expected, we believe we've re-established all of it within the balance sheet as of March 31 and we think the DCP would be a good idea to point to, in terms of that strength. So, it did come in better. That generally bodes well then as well, Josh, as you know for underlying trend then, because our pricing is assuming a higher level than what we actually saw come through, but we do believe we've re-established it at March 31.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Good morning, Scott. Let me first talk about the Medicaid and where we're seeing the positive trends. To be candid, I would say that we're generally seeing it across the board. This appears to be a muted (30:18) trend versus expectations. All markets are performing well relative to our expectations. We continue to have states, such as the State of Florida, where we assume, with the expansion, that we would have a much higher MLR. That proved to be the case. We are looking for continued improvement in that market versus the pricing environment, but we are expecting rates that will be much more commensurate with what we're seeing in the actual underlying trends in the State of Florida. And the last thing I would just say is, regarding Kentucky Medicaid, at this point, we're happy with the reprocurement. We think it will give us an opportunity for a bigger piece of the pie than what we initially got with our entry into the market last year. As you know, the rates are an evolving process, so more to come on that, is what I would say. But generally speaking, we're very encouraged, not only at the reprocurements that are out there, because we think we have a chance, not only of retaining but growing, but the significant pipeline that Joe highlighted earlier on in the dialogue today.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Chris, let me first start by saying that generally speaking, the demographics this year on employment base (32:02) versus a year ago are just slightly younger. So I would say, all things being equal, things are playing out relatively similar to what we had expected in the prior year. I would say the volume, though, is not what we had expected. So if we were to point to one area where we were anticipating more volume than we actually got, it was in the public exchange arena. And we think that's going to result in an interesting dynamic, as the year progresses, on what lives shifted to where, in terms of the new lives that came in, and what implications that may have on the Three Rs. That being said, I would say that it's still early, 90 days in. Remember, a lot of these members last year, because of the exchanges not operating effectively in Q4, really didn't come on until late Q1, early Q2. And so, they started to burn through their deductibles early on in that period, more in the Q2 timeframe versus this year, it's in the Q1. So it's too early to really make a declaration if the trends on that previous membership are improving this year, and it's part of the reason for us maintaining our current trend outlook.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: And to add to Joe's, Christine, I agree with everything Joe highlighted. I think it's just important to recognize what makes 2016 so unique is that it's the first year with no meaningful headwind. We don't have an increase in the health insurer fee in 2016. Our small group attrition will have meaningfully run its course by the end of this year in terms of the op gain impact. So as we move into next year, we don't have a meaningful headwind to point to but we do expect a tailwind from public exchange growth with stability in margins. We do expect growth in National Accounts. In fact, we've already logged and locked into significant accounts that will be north of $100,000 in growth already, and we're still in the midst early in the selling season for National for next year. We expect large Local Group growth as well. Medicaid, not only the expansion of margins in those states that are not at our targeted margin levels, but at the same time we expect more membership to continue to come in with all the RFP procurement. We do expect meaningful EBITDA improvement in Medicare starting in 2016 as the first year of the meaningful improvement in a multi-year. And then finally, we expect capital deployment to still play a factor in our EPS growth, not as meaningful maybe as it has in the past but to really start seeing our investments paying off on the top line and the operating earnings growth.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: So, let me first point to a few things. We had previously highlighted that we expected first quarter to be the highest quarterly earnings level for us. That being said, we did obviously outperform on a run rate basis our own expectations. So at the same time, as we saw last year, there was a significant amount of uncertainty around the Three Rs and how the membership mix would come into play. We believe that uncertainty is real and will continue through 2Q. If that plays out to be better than expected, we would consider raising more. But at this point in time, we felt comfortable and confident in the $0.20 raise with good line of sight. And again, as more time pans out, we'll see where that goes. But as I said early on in the call, if cost trend stays where it was at in Q1, we could have a much more outperformance than we've guided to at this point. But again, it's 90 days into the year, it's a little early to declare this.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: We believe a more sustainable margin in Medicare is around the 5% range, and we're several points below that on a sustainable basis. So, I would view it as several points to go on a book that's also going to be growing over time. But I would remind everyone that that's over a multi-year period as we get more of our membership into the four-star rated programs.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: I'm sorry, in the Medicaid. On the Medicaid front, we generally think still 3% is the targeted margin that you would want to be participating in over time. We continue to perform well in many of our markets at our targeted margin levels, but I would tell you we have new entry markets that are performing below that level. So we have opportunities not only to improve those markets, Florida being one of those, but in addition to that – and Kansas being another one – but I would say in addition to that, the RFP pipeline is meaningful. And just keep in mind that with the RFPs, Individuals generally bid closer to a break even in year one and then you ratchet up over a multi-year period to your target margin.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Matt, a real good question. And I want to clarify a point here that the stabilization isn't so much in the membership of small group; we may see attrite much more. The stabilization is in that margin fundability between small group and public exchanges. As you know, our goal was to build the biggest catcher's mitt we can build so that whether a member was in Medicaid, a public exchange, small group, that we would have the ability to pick them up in whatever market. And so, we are seeing, what I would say, a much bigger headwind in EBIT that's been coming down between last year and this year versus the actual membership. So you may continue to see membership in small group attrite, but just recognize that we are now getting closer to targeted margins whether they're in the exchange or small group or Medicaid that we would be comfortable with it.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: We're still seeing the self-funded be the preference on the larger group side. But I will tell you, as the private exchanges are growing, and still small but more than doubled in the last year, we are starting to see some accounts move from self-funded to fully-insured. Again, not many yet, but the early trend is starting to occur. So again, I think as we get closer to 2017 and the Cadillac tax, that may potentially be an accelerator.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: No, I wouldn't necessarily view it as that. We had a very de minimis risk corridor in 2014. We achieved our targeted margins. We had a little bit of a receivable but we booked a valuation allowance on it. We had, obviously, a payable as well. The net of the two is a net payable, but not meaningful. And I would just say that as we priced for this year, we were trying to price at a level that would be commensurate. We didn't see much value in contributing money into a kitty at the expense of consumers not getting the best price available in the market.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Again, I would say the corridor last year was so de minimis that we're still at the high end of the range.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: On the private exchanges, yes, yes. We saw enrollment move from around just north of 100,000 at the end of 2014 to over 280,000 at the end of the first quarter this year. So about 180,000 member growth almost, both a combination of new membership as well as conversions.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Very de minimis, very de minimis. We took advantage of some new data and did a slight strengthening on the risk adjusters. But again, very de minimis to us.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Well, as you know, we funded Simply Health with cash on hand, which we were pleased with, and bought back more than 2% of our stock in the quarter. We still expect for the full year to deploy between $2 billion and $2.5 billion in the form of buybacks as well as continue to pay our annualized dividend of $2.50. And we still believe that will leave us with some flexibility at the parent north of $750 million of excess cash, which we like to maintain to have flexibility for tuck-in M&A along the way.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah, Pete, one of the things is we obviously, at this point in time, have line of sight on those large National Accounts that are choosing to take their business out for either renewal or for new opportunities for us. The reasons for that is at this point in time, if the RFPs have come out, is that they have to make decisions generally by mid-year so that they can implement the new accounts by the end of this year so they have a January 1 effective date. So at this point, we've been very pleased with what we're seeing in the early selling season. We have already locked in two meaningful accounts that are new to us – net new accounts to us. And again, we'd like to think that we could have a similar close rate as we did last year, which was almost 50% success rate on new business. So again, early but feeling optimistic. One of the things I would highlight though that we think has lend itself to our success is that over the last several years, for year one, we've had the ability of offering a zero trend guarantee. And simply put, what we're finding is our customers in year one are actually getting negative trend and continued to get negative trend; that our cost of goods sold advantage on a national basis is so meaningful that anybody that switches to us, that we can generally show them in year one that they will actually have their costs go backwards. And that continues to be the case. And we have not paid any performance guarantees in three years around that zero cost trend guarantee, and it gives us a real unique advantage as we go after National Accounts.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Well, keep in mind that, with the State of Georgia procurement that we won last year, as you know, the state was required to make a decision to bring in more competitors. And so, we made a decision to actually leave the group MA business in the State of Georgia. So I think that is distorting the actual results of our performance, was the exit from the State of Georgia account for the purposes of group MA, but we plan to be a participant in the group business going forward.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Well, thank you, Ana. The one thing I would remind everyone though is, last year in Q1, we had very little visibility on any public exchange membership. As you know, that membership came in in late February, March timeframe. A lot of it came on in April, because they extended the open enrollment period. And we maintained very conservative reserves a year ago in Q1 for the unknown. So if you looked at our DCP a year ago, you'll see that it actually ratcheted down as the year went down and we got better visibility. So some of the profitability that we saw last year in Q3 and Q4, with hindsight, really belonged in Q1. And it's also important to recognize that deductibles are being met in Q1 of this year versus last year, they were being addressed in Q2. So I think you'll see those margins come down as the year progresses. We clearly will not maintain that level of margin. But when the year is done, I think we'll still have a very strong year-over-year margin of high-single digit to low double-digit range.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: What's interesting is, we found the business to be fairly sticky. So we think the year one strategy was the right strategy, and the existing business remained fairly sticky. We did not garner as much business as we had expected on the new lives coming in. Again, we grew, but not nearly at the level we had anticipated, for a couple reasons. One is, we still have not seen the co-ops necessarily shore up their pricing at the levels we believe are going to be necessary. And we had anticipated they would shore up a bit more going into this year, but that in fact did not occur. So there are markets, and I think you can view those markets, like a Kentucky and a Colorado and other areas, where we're impacted by the co-ops. But generally speaking, we'd say the large national players, publicly traded companies, seem to be pricing fairly rationally. And so, it's more on the co-op side that we saw the pricing that we're willing to wait it out on.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Hey, Ralph. Yeah, we highlighted briefly at the beginning just the idea that the stronger enrollment was really around new Local Group membership wins. Very little was due to in-group change. So, just new wins in the market, continue to be successful across our many segments. I'd say the ASO trends have stabilized. As we said earlier, we're starting to see, even in the private exchanges, that people are starting to migrate to fully-insured. Again, it's small, but in general, it seems that the ASO trends have stabilized. And I think the next couple years, with the Cadillac tax, will be an important inflection point, to see how the markets respond.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: I think it will be a little bit of both. Right now, it's about two-thirds is on a ASO basis and about a third is on a fully insured. The thing I would say is any member that moves from ASO to fully-insured, though while lower margin, is better cash flow. So it's all what you believe is the most valuable input. But from our perspective, we prefer the cash flow.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: So, moving from a ASO to ASO does not necessarily change the economics. So moving from ASO to fully-insured does create a cap for the employer, a more meaningful cap that they can manage over time. At the same time, it does move to a lower margin business which requires risk-based capital associated with it. But that lower margin generally still generates two to three times more cash flow on a per member per month basis than you would have otherwise generated in ASO. So it's a little more capital intensive as they switch over, but in the long-term it generates a lot of cash flow, which gives us more flexibility in terms of investing in our business and in M&A.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: I think it's fair to assume that that would be the case. But I would say because of our COGS advantage, we think we can show a value profit that allows us to maintain comparable membership and margins.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yeah. Good morning. I just want to add on to the nice commentary Wayne provided. A very small wrinkle is the small group, which we're going to continue to see declines in membership, as we expected, something north of 100,000 lives. So I just wanted to bring that in, because last year, we had a decline that escalated a little bit more than we had originally forecast, and I think this year, we're expecting continued decline, albeit maybe not as aggressive.
Joseph R. Swedish: Maybe I'll take a run briefly, and then let Wayne jump in. But just to underscore what we said last year, we're continuing into this year, our margin expectation in that space is about 3% to 5%. We see no reason that that would change through the balance of the year, even going into next year. I think the driver going into next year is the fact that we're going to see this marketplace stabilize, in the sense that other players are going to gain more experience. We have said repeatedly that we believe that pricing will probably gravitate toward a tighter band as more plans become – getting better experience at the membership they're pricing. So our sense is that this market will evolve by way of maturity, and we think stabilization will certainly play to our benefit in terms of membership capture going into 2016.
Joseph R. Swedish: This is Joe. Just to underscore, you recall last year we're talking about a private exchange membership enrollment of about 100,000 lives. And we've certainly seen that grow this year, not substantially but certainly the pace has picked up. That gives us some line of sight, to Wayne's point, that we believe that there's probably an escalating interest in private exchanges. So, we're very mindful of that. I mean we're building our platform to adapt to that shift. And as we've consistently stated, we will be ready when that inflection point occurs. And there's, quite frankly, a very quickened pace toward private exchanges, which we believe will occur in the coming year or two.
Joseph R. Swedish: And we don't really see that having any kind of material impact on shifting, let's say, membership capture like National Accounts, et cetera. As Wayne said earlier, we've seen a net add related to the private exchange uptake, and it's still modest. Let me just underscore, it is modest, but we're going to be very vigilant going into the year to determine how much more positioning we ought to establish relative to the growth of private exchanges, because we do believe it's coming. But again, it's not having any material impact on our membership capture going into 2016.
Joseph R. Swedish: Thank you for your questions. Great having you on the call today. We're pleased with our first quarter performance and our updated outlook for 2015. I want to thank our associates for their efforts in advancing us toward our goals of increased provider collaboration, cost of care, management and consumer centricity. We believe our efforts will help drive greater affordability and access to quality healthcare for our growing membership base. The rest of our business was at parent this quarter as we added 429,000 Medicaid members, 371,000 National members and 102,000 Individual members and 82,000 Local Group members. In closing, I'd simply like to say we look forward to speaking with you at upcoming conferences and events. Again, thank you for being on the call today.
