John Gallina: Yes. Thank you, and good morning A.J., and associated with utilization, in our first quarter call, I think we were very clear that the Omicron surge in January was most significant to the commercial market. And so that obviously has a direct impact on the commercial margins. And even as we go through the full six months and project out for the rest of 2022, we do believe that commercial will have a cost structure, when you add COVID and non-COVID combined, to be in excess of baseline -- above baseline actually each quarter for the year. Medicare is going to be close to baseline. And Medicaid, we expect to be a bit below baseline. Overall, the entire company above baseline for the rest of the year. So clearly, those cost structures being directed more towards the commercial marketplace have a direct impact on the commercial margins that you're seeing. And as Gail said, we do believe that they're transitory, and that we will price the forward trend for the future. Thank you.
John Gallina: Thank you for the question, Gary and good morning. Associated with the seasonality, I'll just clarify for everyone on the line of what we talked about during the first quarter was that there are many of the services that Carelon offers are being sold to Commercial on a capitated rate basis. And so the seasonality that historically would have been in Commercial associated with those services is now going to be in our Carelon segment and Commercial will have less seasonality. So yes, that is still playing out exactly as we talked about 90 days ago, and that will continue to be part of the quarterly cadence for both of those entities over time. And then associated with the overall cost structure. As I had said, I think in A.J.'s question, we are expecting the commercial cost structure for COVID and non-COVID combined to be above baseline again in the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter, which obviously puts pressure on the overall margins. Thank you.
John Gallina: Thank you, Steve, for the question. So just for clarity, we have not provided any commentary associated with the difference between ACA and Group. We've talked about Commercial in total. So, I'm not exactly sure what comment that you were referring to, but it's not anything that was part of this call. And just to reiterate what I've said, we have seen overall cost structures in commercial to be elevated in excess of what a normalized baseline would have been, had COVID had never occurred. You can certainly look at the amount of membership that we have in fully insured risk versus ACA. And obviously, risk is the lion's share of the membership -- the group risk. I'm sorry, is the lion's share of the fully insured membership. So obviously, that is the primary driver. But overall, we do believe that the COVID costs are transitory. They're not going to go to zero, as Gail had said. We are going to proactively price for forward trend. But the impact that we have on our margins currently is a transitory piece of that equation. And so we feel very good about our long-term aspects. Thank you.
John Gallina: Thank you, Ricky, for that multipart question. Let me try to answer the first part of it, and then ask one of my partners here to reply to the other part of your question in terms of cost structure. So we have been really disclosing COVID and non-COVID combined as our total cost and not really specifying or trying to parse out the -- at least publicly, the amount that's COVID and the amount that's non-COVID. And I can tell you that non-COVID, all by itself, is a bit below baseline, even in Commercial. And then when you add COVID on top, the total of the two exceeds baseline. We have seen still ER utilization being down from pre-pandemic levels. Inpatient is actually down a bit here this year. Outpatient is actually up a little bit compared to pre-COVID levels or pre-pandemic levels. But all in, the cost structure is the cost structure, we have to cover it all, and we certainly will. So, hopefully, that gives you the clarity you need.
John Gallina: Yes. Thanks, Rob. Very good question. I would say, first and foremost, we are always working with our state partners to ensure that we have actuarially justified rates, rates that really mirror the acuity of the population. There is one really significant item, just to make sure that we're all aware of, and that's we're in an MLR collar or MLR rebate position in many of our Medicaid states currently. So we will be refunding back to the states amounts of the premium that we've been paid here this past year or so. And as we look at what future rate actions or rate filings could do, the first thing that they will do is they will reduce the amount of the MLR rebates before we end up with our final read. But at the end of the day, we feel very good about our ability to negotiate actuarially justified rates with our state partners. Thank you.
John Gallina: Steve, I'm not positive I can comment on what other parts of the system you're referring to without a little bit more specificity on that. But I'll just say that we track utilization very closely. We certainly understand the seasonality factors associated with utilization. I think Felicia even mentioned going back to school and things that, that might cause, and we're trying to factor all those variables in. And we actually feel very, very good about the analytics and the informatics we have associated with this information. So, we have certainly put our best thinking forward in terms of our -- in terms of the cost trends, the pricing and the guidance that we've provided. So, thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Yes. Thank you, Kevin, for the question. And certainly, some of the questions you asked were may be consistent with some of the things we saw in 2019. So let me just maybe reference a little bit what's different now versus then. So in 2019, we went through a redetermination process. It worked through very quickly. And then the overall acuity of the population was a little bit higher than what the rates that had been set, well, justified. And just FYI, there were retroactive rate increases ultimately, but there was clearly a disconnect for a few quarters there in 2019, where now we have a very well thought-out process that's going to take up to 14 months that won't even begin until after the PHE expires. The other thing is, as I had mentioned in a different question, we're in an MLR collar position in virtually every Medicaid market. And so the immediate impact to any of the rates will first be to reduce the MLR collar position that we're in. In 2019, we were -- had very, very few MLR collars. But I think the most important element of all this is now part of how the pricing is done, that the -- thanks to some of the great work our teams have done, that the standard rating input now, as part of the Medicaid pricing, includes an acuity change factor. And that was not the case in 2019. That was a one-off conversation, and now it's part of the standard input into the rates for 2022. So all-in, we think we're in a significantly better position today than we were then. 2019 might be informative but it's certainly not a precedent. So we actually feel very good about our future state prospects. Thank you for the question.
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. Well, thanks for the question, Justin. Let me address your first question. We have not changed our 2025 perspective in the short run, different impacts that we didn't obviously have at the time we gave that, but we haven't changed anything about our 2025 overall margin perspective across the businesses that we shared. So, I just want to be really clear about that. In terms of your second question, the City of New York contract, a couple of things on that. One, when we originally bid on this contract, it was set to go live in January 1 of this year. But as you know, and we've shared on this call, due to litigation, that go-live date has been delayed several times now. Based on the fact that we've been on in the active litigation, we had asked the City for some certainty around exactly what the benefits would be. And also, quite frankly, Medicare Advantage contracts take a lot of work to put up, and we want to make sure that the members were best served. We've served these members for a long time, and we needed greater certainty. So we did not feel, based on the inability of what's going on with the litigation as well as being prepared, that we could go forward with the contract. And then notably, the City remains one of our very important customers, and we continue to serve those clients on a fee-based business. So that's where we stand on the city in New York. Thanks very much for the question, though. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks, Pete, and thanks for the question, Lance. And I think, as Pete shared, we're excited about this business. It's an important strategic lever for us. But importantly, it's really early innings. And the examples that I shared in my early -- earlier comments to show that we can begin to implement this in certain markets, get experience on it on a risk basis and then roll it out to the rest of our 20 million-plus risk-based members and 47 million total. So lot of opportunity for us, but we also want to make sure we execute this with precision and benefit both our health plans as well as Carelon. So, thank you. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, Felicia. I just want to reiterate one point, I think, that's really important that Felicia made, which she and John have said many times, which is the balanced portfolio that we have across Elevance Health. And one of the statistics that I think really brings at home is there's been more than 6 million Medicaid entrants as part of not doing redeterminations in our 14 Blue states. And we have significantly, regardless of the percentage you look at in our commercial business, have coverage now in nearly every county on our individual exchanges. So we've been planning for this. We're preparing for it across our businesses and feel very well prepared to manage that. And again, obviously, CMS has given the guidance to take up to 14 months and not determine more than one night at a month. So again, thank you very much for the question. But overall, we feel that we've got very good coverage. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks, Pete. I think what you heard from both Morgan and Pete is really, we're very pleased that we're winning in the most sophisticated and discerning segment of the market, and that really plays across all of our customers. So thanks very much for the question. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you. And that, again, as John said, very consistent with the expectations that we've always had. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. And thanks, Morgan. I think sort of summarizing that, we feel good about this business. We've had a pretty consistent strategy. We haven't looked for outsized growth. We want to be in markets where we can be for the long term and that's why you've seen us year-over-year, expand the counties we're in as we continue to see the stability of that marketplace. So again, that business is performing along our expectations, and we expect to be in more counties. We see some opportunities, obviously, as redeterminations come in as a real catchers met for some of that. So, thanks for the question. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. And to the second part of your question, I think, I caught most of it, Ricky. But I think there's a few things, one, to your how are employees thinking about their workforce. As I think we shared a little bit earlier in the call Morgan did. Now we're really seeing, kind of, employers still expanding their workforce and looking for more benefits and to maintain the strength of their workforce. So we haven't seen any pullback yet in terms of our employer populations across any of the sized segments that we serve. That's not to say that, that couldn't happen. But at this stage, it's -- as you think about the challenges in the economy, they're more inflation-based than employment-based at this stage. And employers are still looking for strong solutions. One of the things that we're offering, obviously, is affordable products. We've been continuing to enhance our product portfolio. We have a very strong cost position. Again, one of the reasons we win is, we go in with a very strong medical cost position across all those segments. So I think from that perspective, we have not seen any noticeable difference. In terms of our own book of business, if you look at our history, we've got actually -- I really can't comment on the others who've given you some numbers around what they think would happen. But our book of business has been quite resilient. As you remember, we have a very deep -- we support school districts, public service -- public services, et cetera. And so, we have a very, I think, different profile across our businesses, and our history has shown that those have had greater stickiness during both up and downtimes in the economy. So, overall, I think at this stage, we're still seeing strong interest and strong growth from the commercial sector. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks, Pete. I think that there's two points that I wanted to highlight from Pete's subscription. One, a core part of our strategy that we shared about Carelon is moving from a fee basis to a risk basis. And so when we acquired myNEXUS, we did have a large participation with them and knew them quite well in our Medicare business, but on a fee basis. So this is the next iteration across all of our Carelon services, where we now have, I think, much better insight and can move this to a risk basis. So that was just the beginning and why I see early innings there. And then the second thing is we see this as a huge opportunity, as you talk about network strategy, pull this through our value-based contracts and our partnerships and relationships. And again, another core part of our strategy where we see this as a very synergistic. So thanks for the question. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you. And I'll have Pete address the Carelon strategy. But I think, what you saw certainly in our overall rebranding with Elevance Health is, our business has changed. We've been on a journey from just traditional health benefits, which are still important to us and continue to grow. And as John shared and just how our revenue has changed even over the last five years, a pretty significant shift. Carelon's a really important part of our move in the services strategy around the complex and chronic, but more importantly, that serving our captive membership already of 47 million members. So just maybe, Pete, you can talk a little bit more about how you see Carelon strategy evolving.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, Pete, and thank you to everyone for joining us and for your questions this morning. In closing, we're really pleased with the ongoing momentum in our business in 2022-to-date. And we're confident that the ongoing execution of our strategy positions us to continuing to deliver against the financial targets that we shared with you at our investor conference last year. We'll keep executing with excellence and discipline to bring increasing value to all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your interest in Elevance Health, and have a great rest of the week.
Peter Haytaian: Thanks, Lance. Appreciate the question. First of all, we're really pleased with our progress and performance in Carelon so far from a growth and operating perspective as we build up the services business. Overall, Q2 is in line with the improvements we expected. I'm really pleased with the performance improvements across all the verticals. As we've discussed before, Lance, one of our main focal points is really driving more capitation and risk through Carelon. So as it relates to progress, we're really executing on that strategy with strength. So from a cross-selling perspective, we've played that through in Beacon, in AIM and with myNEXUS. As we talked about with AIM, we just finalized capitating a lot of the services this year starting last year. We're also executing on our strategy associated with growth, and I'm really excited about the innovation that's occurring. Gail mentioned in her remarks, a really great example is the rollout of a post-acute care offering being myNEXUS indexes. This is a great example of penetrating our business to a greater degree. I think you've heard me talk about this before, but one of the things we're trying to do is naturally extend our offerings and penetrate our business to a greater degree. And that's exactly what the supposed acute care offering is. We're taking the tools, technology and capabilities of myNEXUS, and we're utilizing that with a new offering to penetrate the Medicare business in a much more broad way. So I'm really thrilled with the progress. You'll continue to see that. I think the opportunities are vast in terms of further penetration.
Peter Haytaian: Yes. No, I appreciate the question, Matt. Home Care is a space we're really interested in. Our focus with Carelon, as we've talked about, is on complex patients. We've talked about being on the right side of health care, giving patients access to services in the most appropriate setting. And certainly, home is a critical component in that regard. I think when you look at our acquisition of MyNEXUS, which closed last year, and its focused on the home through utilization management tools and capabilities and partnering with a very vast network of providers, we have nine of the top 10 nationally to drive the most appropriate level of services in the home is a good example. Another example in terms of how we're penetrating the home today is through Aspire. It's a national leading company in the delivery of palliative care services. So, I'd say strategically, in the short-term, I mentioned this before, we've been looking actively for natural extension opportunities with regard to the assets we have. And again, a great example of that is the post-acute care launch that we just mentioned. We also launched most recently, as it relates to the home, the delivery of social determinants of health and star services via those capabilities. On a longer term basis, in terms of your question, we really -- we do continue to evaluate further opportunities in terms of direct care that can be provided in the home and delivering that value to all our Elevance Health plans and ensuring patients get the right level of care. And we are very sensitive to your last point about the labor issues. It's been interesting, but a lot of the companies that we've been partnering with have been able to effectively navigate some of the labor issues as it relates to home in terms of our members getting critical care. So, that's a good thing right now in the short term.
Peter Haytaian: Yes. No, thanks for that. And working very closely with Morgan, this is a critical issue for us as we've talked about in terms of penetrating the Elevance book of business and our ASO business. And we continue to get really strong feedback from the distribution community regarding a lot of our solutions. Our pricing is coming in line. Many of our offerings, like our specialty cost relief program, our enhanced specialty condition management programs are really gaining legs as well as the way we're bundling offerings. How this is playing out in the market is a really good results and improvement year-over-year. We've experienced a 300% improvement year-over-year, year-to-date in terms of the total numbers sold. And importantly, I want to emphasize at this point, we're seeing a lot of growth in the middle market and down market, less than 10,000 members. It's a really nice sweet spot for us. It's where Morgan and the Commercial business do very, very well. And our margin profile is very strong as well as it really plays through on the integrated value proposition, and that is a big contributor to the five to one to three to one that we've talked about historically.
Peter Haytaian: Yes. Let me start with what you asked about exactly what we're doing on the post-acute care launch because it's something that we're really excited about in terms of the natural extension of the capabilities we have. Today, when you think about what MyNEXUS does, we have industry-leading tools and capabilities that really allow us to efficiently manage on the UM side. And as we've talked about, partner with our network providers and then effectively manage the level and appropriateness of services in the core product, it's in the home. So, when you think about the post-acute care product, just to give you specificity on what we're doing, we're really -- we're leveraging these tools for post-acute care management upon discharge of the patient out of the inpatient setting. And then through our leading portal, again, the tools and technologies that really differentiate us, post-acute care providers are easily able to make requests for services. It creates a much more effective and efficient experience for the provider. And this enables us to be very clear upfront in terms of the most appropriate levels of post-acute care. So, when you think about that in that setting, you think about long-term acute care facilities, you think about rehabilitation facilities, you think about skilled nursing facilities. And we're managing the appropriate level of services, and then we're eventually facilitating a discharge hopefully to the home. And as we've talked about, what Carelon does is we manage that entire episode of care on a capitated basis. This builds in predictable cost-of-care for our partners and the health plans in this case, for Felicia, in the Medicare business. And if we're effective at managing that, we are driving an incremental margin for Carelon and then incremental benefit for Elevance.
Peter Haytaian: Thanks, Gail. And Gail just hit it at a high level in terms of our high-level strategies, advancing Whole Health and connecting people to accessible, affordable and integrated care. And as she said, our focus now is on the Elevance Health plans, 20 million fully insured, 47 million folks in total. And just to double-click on that, we're really focused on, on those complex populations. When you think about the spend in those complex populations on a per member per year basis, significantly higher at 12,500 for example, versus a standard average commercial number of 4,500 per member per year. And again, this creates a real wonderful springboard for us to sell externally and penetrate clients externally, especially the Blues. In addition, we talk a lot about being on the right side of health care, which, again, means providing services in the most affordable, highest-quality setting. So that's something that we're very focused on and ensuring that those are connected to the growing profit pools outside of traditional insurance. So, none of that has really changed. As you know, Josh, in terms of what we talked about historically, the verticals that we're focused on are care delivery, behavioral health, advanced analytics and services and then pharmacy. I'd say what we're very interested moving forward, I wouldn't say it's a change, but that we're very interested is a deeper interest in the home, as we've talked about, certainly, specialty pharmacy, where we're seeing trends accelerate. And we believe the opportunity is really vast to penetrate the Elevance book. And then finally, I'll close on something that we're very, very focused on and we believe could be a differentiator is how we connect with our digital organization and build a digital platform for health that really connects all these services in a cohesive and coherent way, ultimately for the patient. And that's something that we're actively working on.
Felicia Norwood: Good morning and thank you for the question. As you know, the PHE was recently extended to October 13. So it follows that we are going to have Medicaid attrition related to redetermination that could begin as early as November. However, I would say, given back-to-school, it's also possible that COVID prevalence could rise around the September, October time frame or that the population might need boosters or other vaccines. So at this point, it's really simply too early to predict, but it's certainly possible that we could have a PHE extension into January of 2023. If there is another extension into January of 2023, that could lead to Medicaid attrition starting right around the February time frame. So redeterminations would then commence over what would be 14 months, given guidance from CMS that ask states to have up to 14 months to redetermine members and not redetermine more than one night of that membership in a single month. As we think about where we are, you should keep in mind that we operate obviously in 14 Blue states. And our Medicaid membership -- our total Medicaid membership, I'll say, has grown significantly across that platform. So as we think about where we are today, we are going to continue to work very closely with our commercial colleagues to make sure that we have in place a process for looking very thoughtfully market by market and having a view of the competitive dynamics in those markets and capture as much as we can inside of the Anthem 14 Blue states, where we will be offering ACA plans in nearly every county in 2023. So as we sit here today, we gave that early numbers, certainly with respect to 35% of that membership staying within Medicaid, another 45% or so going into Commercial plans, about 15% on the exchanges and 5% in uninsured, but the macro environment certainly has changed tremendously. What we'll say is that, we are positioned very well to navigate through the end of this PHE and the return of redeterminations when that happens, based on a very balanced portfolio here at Anthem, Elevance Health, I should say. And certainly, we'll continue to work closely with our Commercial colleagues to make sure that our members have access to care, continuity of coverage and can really navigate this landscape when redeterminations begin.
Felicia Norwood: Good morning and thank you, David. First and foremost, let me start by saying, we are pleased with how we are performing this year. We started with a very strong AEP, and that certainly has kept us on track to deliver double-digit growth in our individual MA business. You might also want to recall that most of our business continues to come in throughout the course of the year, because we have a very balanced portfolio when we look at our duals growth, and that membership comes in year round. It's too early to talk about 2023 and anything associated with double-digit growth. I will say, we expect to continue to have strong growth. We have what we believe will be very competitive products in the marketplace. Our benefit designs, which are really led with our supplemental benefit offerings as we think about whole health, continue to resonate with our consumers. And we continue to be very focused on going deeper in our markets, particularly in our Blue states. So when we think about how we are positioned today, with very nice competitive benefits, strategically, we've continued on that course as we head into to 2023. And I think we're positioned to continue to deliver strong growth. Long term, our focus and our -- certainly, our perspective on Medicare Advantage remains unchanged. This is a very attractive segment for us, strategically important with us and our Carelon services as well. And we're committed to continuing to deliver strong growth in our business.
Felicia Norwood: Yes. Ben, thank you for the question. I will say that we were really early leaders in the supplemental benefit areas because of our focus on whole person health. And what everyday extras or what we call essential extras allow us to do is to allow members to really personalize the benefit that best meets their needs. All of our members are different. And at the end of the day, we think it's important that they are able to have a range of benefit offerings that either allow them to provide transportation, grocery benefits, whatever that need is from an overall Whole Health perspective. So, I think the differentiation for us lies really in the personalization. So, we've developed a range of offerings that allow members to really improve their overall health outcomes, and that gives them the flexibility to be able to decide what works best for them. So ultimately, I think that's the differentiating factor for us from a Medicare Advantage perspective. We've tried to make sure we continue with that stability as we head into 2023 and certainly give members the opportunity to make those personalized decisions that works best for them.
