Wayne DeVeydt: Yes thanks Angela. John on the MLR impact, two things that we have been very public about; one is the range of outcomes that we did. Nothing varies much on the definition that we ultimately get, clearly around whether its defined at a consolidated level, a state level, or legal level, and of course how ultimately legislation defines what costs regarding health IT will ultimately be put in there. Of course as written in the law today, taxes are going to be taken in consideration. So there’s a variety of factors that come up with a range we publicly discussed in the past. Regarding commission rates though, I will say that we think the brokers are an important part of really the long-term stability of the health reform markets, and so we’ve been hesitant to really target brokers for anything in particular, because we really think this is a shared responsibility of all. It’s going to require not only payers, but it is going to require providers and brokers and members to also share in the responsibility of the healthcare cost and those percentages. From a commission perspective, generally individuals, commissions can be in the double digits in year one, but they generally trend down to the single digits thereafter, and small groups are lower than that. So that kind of gives you an idea at lest of some of the responsibility that currently lies within the broker community too, that we will have to work with on a broader view when we deal with occupation that will help to support this initiative.
Wayne DeVeydt: Yes, I mean I think John if you are doing broad calculations like that, those numbers would work. Again though, the problem is that even doing that, that’s assuming more status quo, it doesn’t evaluate the fact that we will get changes for health taxes or account for on health IT investment. Its also important to remember that some of the commissions are paid on a fixed per head basis, not as a percentage of revenue, so that can distort the calculation a little bit, but I think if you are doing just the big picture math, the math is not unreasonable.
Wayne DeVeydt: I think John, the one thing I would say is that because of the shared responsibility here, its going to be really important I think, that we really get to the intent of the health reform bill, which is to ensure members are getting full value for the dollars they pay. So we are considering all alternatives, but our goal is also to make sure that members get maximum dollar per value, not necessarily find ways around the law that is not our intention at all. So again I think there’s a lot of things we have to explore though, and I think there are models today though that really allow a member to really see how much of a dollar actually goes right to health benefit, and they can have third party brokerage, where we are not involved, and that’s one of many alternatives that we will consider.
Wayne DeVeydt: No, I think Angela addressed most of it. Hi Justin. The only thing I would add is regarding our existing small group. We really haven’t necessarily seen much bleed into other states on this, and I think its been a challenging environment for us, because in both Maine and California, we are talking about rate structures that results in us losing money in the state. So these are very unusual times, and I think as Angela said, they are much more politicized in the current environment and we don’t want to make inappropriate short-term decisions for the long-term value of WellPoint, but I would say we are managing it, and we will continue to manage it and we have it baked appropriately in our guidance, certain delays that we would still further expect right now in California. We are considering all options though. I mean as we can look at Maine and we do have to consider all options, and we will evaluate those in the appropriate context and properly notify all of you at the right time.
Wayne DeVeydt: Yes, Justin let me first address the flu. A little bit with state sponsored, these go a little bit hand in hand, because if you recall last year; while many Medicaid and these were being hurt by H1NI and other flu-related cost, we didn’t have the same impact others did, because we had done a number of changes in California, in particular our largest Medicaid market around capitaid arrangements. So in some ways when we have a higher flu season, it didn’t really hurt us, and we have a lower flu season, we actually benefit. So this year, our state sponsored is benefiting, not only from what I would call just really good management, and the team that we brought in there, and the changes they made, but we are benefiting also within the state sponsored because of the lower flu season. So, clearly state sponsor is a big driver, but I would tell you that when you look at our consumer segment that really all our segments are performing pretty well right now, but state sponsored is the primary driver within the consumer segment for the first quarter results, and yes, we do this is an important business. A business that is very clear that health reform will grow and expand, and that we are very pleased with the recent award of the Wisconsin Badger Program expansion that we’ll get late this year going in the next year. I think you will start to see WellPoint put more than just its toe back into the Medicaid in other states, and continue to expend. Now that we’ve reversed it I think we’ve got a great management team overseeing this group.
Wayne DeVeydt: The last thing I want to add Justin on the impact of flu in the quarters, as you know, there is no such thing as a flu code and so its generally been very difficult to peg an exact number, but when we try to take year-over-year changes in things we’ve seen, it could be anywhere in the $35 million to $50 million ranges. Somewhere in there is our best range of estimates of outcomes. I do want you to be aware too that we have assumed a normal flu season though in our guidance for the remainder of the year. As you know, generally there is not much of a flu season in the second quarter to begin with so, but we are going to assume for the third and fourth quarter that we do return to kind of normal flu levels.
Wayne DeVeydt: The other item I would just highlight Dough, is that clearly I think we all know in the next five years we’ll see a growth in the fully insured, in the Medicate environment, you will see more members in the Medicare because of the influx and I think you’ll see a lot more wanting Medicare sup, because of what’s going to happen with some of the benefits around Medicare. Then of course we know ultimately the individual market will grow as we have insured moving into this population, as well as with the subsidies that are out there. But even to the extent that there is a decline in fully insured, it is important to recognize that WellPoint is $6.6 billion over capitalized on RBC right now on a state regulatory basis and so, to the extent you have that shift, we actually would have a significant free up of excess capital as well, that this currently there to support that fully insured basis.
Wayne DeVeydt: No, the only thing I would say and Josh, I know you are aware of this, but we don’t typically report operating results on large by business. But we have said very publicly always that the operating earnings off gain from our individual represents less than 10% of our total EBIT. So individual in and of itself is not been a significant driver and of course, that number is only shrinking further with us not getting appropriate rate increases in Maine and California. So the impact is not really all that significant there. We do think there will be a conversion though in the individual and small group markets, and we think that will be more driven by the health reform and the subsidies all get put forward. So I think overtime the real issue is, and so much what it is today, its whether or not we will get appropriate and adequate rates going forward. We think post reform environment that will occur and it’s really more of a short-term issue and it will need to occur for the health system to work the way it needs to work.
Wayne DeVeydt: Josh let me address the pharmacy trends real quick, and in fact let me address all the trends that you heard and we use a rolling 12 month, and because of the rolling 12 months remember first quarter of last year we were really, we didn’t have the H1M1 starting at that point, we didn’t have COBRA uptick occurring at that point, etc, so it is a little bit distorted and misleading, because of it being a rolling 12 month of that going away. We still think our full year trend at the end of this year will be completely aligned with our guidance that we provided back in February. So I would say everything is still in sync with what our expectations were. It’s just the way the math works on the rolling 12 month averages.
Wayne DeVeydt: Let me state that at this point of time we have not seen a final issued report, so it is very difficult for me to comment on where this ultimately will land. What I can’t say though is because of the 30 day notice, we have no intension of putting forward rate increases for the numbers until we have closure on this, and we plan to continue to work with the department to get this resolved. So with that in mind, clearly, initially our assumption was really delayed to May 1, at a minimum amount because of the notice period. That is, at least one more month I will tell you we paid a little more conservatism in our guidance beyond that, because again ultimately we are not sure where this will land. So we think we’ve got an appropriate provision in the guidance for the potential delays and/or potential reductions in the rates, but until we can see a final report and actually continue to get closure on this, I really can’t comment beyond that, but I think we are probably considering this at this point.
Wayne DeVeydt: And I don’t believe the state in anyway should it perform, does not think its appropriate or reasonable. It’s not able to be earn a fair return, and I think the goal is to comply with the law, and I think that’s what the commissioner is trying to ensure, but I will tell you because of the rate delays, we will lose money this year in individual book in California.
Wayne DeVeydt: Yes, I think for those items Angela has laid out so far, I think that’s maybe about a dime for the year impact, but that doesn’t really consider the real significant IT, G&A cost, etc., until we get more clarity around some of the things that they are going to require and the pace they require will be implemented. We really can’t bake that in; it’s kind of a little bit of an unknown, so where we know things we have taken actions on. Again, as Angelo said, like retaining individual of age 26 going to tax rate, knowing the tax rate and the impact it’s going to have on it etc, we got an idea of what those are. Now clearly, prospectively we have to start pricing for some of this. So you have that short-term hit that we got in there now. We’ll start pricing for some of that going forward, but we really haven’t been able to completely size what the ultimate kind of GA technology costs are going to be. Also its going to important to know on health reform what those costs are going to be, because its going to very relevant around what those costs are going to be, because it’s going to be very relevant around what we need to invest, how those get classified if they have to go to G&A, and whether not then certain segments make sense still then. So until you get more clarity there, I wish I could give you a better answer, but we really need more clarity around the legislation.
Wayne DeVeydt: Again, we need more clarity on some of the regs there. I men we estimated some different scenarios, but we really more clarity on the regs.
Wayne DeVeydt: Yes, I mean they vary. I’d say on average they are running to about a 2% premium tax rate. The problem is not all state have a premium tax. Some state actually have more of a reciprocal state tax which is a higher tax rate. It could be as high as the state tax rate is, but that’s base more on that profits in the state, versus premium tax based on gross revenues. So when you kind of take the averages about everything you blend it around 1.5% to 2%.
Wayne DeVeydt: Carl, you actually nailed it. Initially there was a transition of fully insured ASO as large groups were consolidating their coverage’s, falling in HMLs and falling into one or two ASO plans. Over the last couple of years, it has gone more down stream and because of the potential fact, consequences to an earlier question, will there be more of transaition? There will be a higher tax on fully insured as we know under the health care reform lines and we’ll continue to go down stream. The market right now, customers are still looking for predictability in pricing, which is lets say get to a fully insured basis. More have gone in to the down stream level and I would say down to the 100 life group. Many will with high stop loss coverage or with solid stop loss coverage consider that.
Angela Braly: And Justin, to your question about medicate, obviously there is going to be a significant need there. To help state manage costs. They are going to have significant obligation to their citizens, and we have lots of evidence of how we can get a better result for them and for the beneficiaries of Medicaid. As Wayne said, I think our team in Medicaid and importunely couldn’t be here this morning, and he could have spoken to it, but they really have figured out your question about, can you be Blue in these states providing this business, and we believed that we can. We can do that not just ourselves, but partnering with other non-WellPoint blue companies to provide these capabilities. So we are looking forward to those opportunities.
Angela Braly: I think we have a number of initiatives underway to make sure that that message is understood. You are right we are being targeted and villainies. They are shooting the messenger, because in the messages we have to address the underlying cost, and that’s our job each and everyday. So as this implementation effort goes forward, and we are working on implementation and regulations etc, we are getting those facts out. I think the rover meets the road as people start to experience these rate increases. We are being very transparent about what the underlying costs are, and we are trying to use our tools like care comparison and other things, so people truly understand what the underlying unit cost is, what the implications are, more clarity around what does cause rate increases to go up in addition to the underlying trend, the things like deductible leveraging, ageing the implications of that on utilization. So you will continue to hear from us based on the data and information, the facts, we’ll get those out, and we’ll be very transparent in the process, so people understand what is driving up, rising health care costs, and as a result premium rates.
Angela Braly: Matt the issue you raise is the issue we addressed a little bit earlier. We know that we have to, and the policy has to support sustainability in terms of this business. So that means that the rate increase has to be actuarially sound, they can’t be arbitratarily capped, because actuaries ultimately can’t certify to that, and that’s not sustainable over the long term. Originally the way that the law worked in terms of state regulation of insurance companies was to protect the consumer, and the question now is to how does affordability fit there with the issues of consumer protection from insolvencies and other important things. So we are very focused on making sure that overtime, over the long-term, keeping in mind those highly political situations occurring, that over the long-term that this is sustainable market place for us to serve individual members.
Angela Braly: Scott, I think it’s a good question, because you know as I described earlier, scale is going to be incredibly important in this post reform environment. The ability to achieve that scale relatively quickly, and then have the strength that our Blue brand represents. Deep in our markets, we have great relationship and we are very local. So I would say there are two things that are occurring; one, we continue to always be a potential partner for other blue plans in terms of the true consolidation, but as we said before you’re seeing one blue consolidation; you see one blue consolidation in the applicant. Each of the blue plan has a different history regulates them and indicates what their capabilities and possibilities for consolidation or acquisition. The other thing though that’s really happening is, our ability to become more seen more, as blue plans are essentially integrating through things like comparison, where at one point it created this opportunity and now its really a shared opportunity around transparency. So there’s a lot of other potential opportunities for us to think about having a seamless back office essentially over time, but goal plans are our top choice with opportunity, we think sales can be incredibly important. We think we have a great track record and history of creating those synergies and sharing best practices, getting the SG&A savings through consolidation and I look forward to the opportunity now that healthcare reform has going through, to think about those opportunities more specifically.
Angela Braly: Well, really we believe its not necessary. For one, we have the MLR provisions in the legislation that haven’t even been clarified at this point, but they have the effectiveness of holding us accountable with respect to how we are caring for our members. So whatever at your point, to create another regulatory authority to invest and that regulatory authority to go through that process, creates a whole another set of issues. We know rates has to actually sound to ensure that the health plans can pay the claims of their customers. That’s the philosophy of a health insurance market, and the regulation has been. Those safeguards exists in the state. The state has the authority to protect their consumers and to protect their consumers around affordability as well as the solvency of carriers who will be there to pay the claims. So, we think it’s an unnecessary requirement. I can’t tell you what I think about the political likelihood of it coming forward. I think its time for us now to turn to the real question about underlying healthcare costs, and what are we going to do under the model of shared responsibility, where we as payers for employers who are concerned about their costs as government, as hospitals and doctors, and suppliers, and pharmaceutical companies think about what the future affordability is of all these benefits, that we need to really be focused on that now. So with that I think, that was our last question. I want to thank you all for your questions. In closing I want to reiterate we are pleased with the start to 2010, and we remain confident in the future. There are opportunities and challenges presented by health care reforms, and we are preparing for market place changes by taking strategic actions to drive even stronger future membership growth, and enhance our services and capabilities while we create a lower cost structure. As the nations leading health benefit company our ongoing priority is to continue to meets the needs of our nearly 34 million members, and insure they have access to affordable quality health care. We’ll continue to do this while investing in our products and operations, and enhancing value for our shareholders. I want to thank everybody for participating in our call this morning. Operator, would you please provide the call replay instructions.
