Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Matt. Let me start, and then I'm going to ask Pete to give some additional commentary on sort of the marketplace dynamics. But I think first to your specific question about trend. As you saw, we reiterated our 6% plus or minus 50 basis points trend. So our trend in commercial has been extremely consistent. And we do not feel that there's -- that issue in commercial, it's lived up to expectations. In terms of the overall marketplace, it's always been a competitive marketplace, the pricing has remained very rational in the markets, and we have not see that kind of scenario over the course of this year or even last year. But I'm going to ask Pete maybe to give a little bit more dynamic input about the market specifically.
Gail Boudreaux: Okay. Quite a few questions there A.J. we'll try to take them sequentially. Let me have John address the risk adjuster question broadly and then I will take the others.
Gail Boudreaux: Right and again that's the comp quarter-over-quarter, I think is what John's trying to really point out there. And overall as I said in the opening comments, we feel very, very strongly about the performance of our commercial business which perform extremely well in the quarter as well as year-to-date. In terms of IngenioRx, a couple of things one first we're extremely pleased with the way, the transition has gone as I shared again in my opening comments. In terms of us raising our guidance, when we originally gave our guidance I think what is important to recognize this was a very accelerated transition. We felt confident about it but we also realized that we needed to get state approvals both at the commercial and Medicaid level. So we didn't have exact clarity on when those would come in. What we see now is that we converted several million members in the quarter. And then again beginning in July several million more those have gone well. We have received most of the regulatory approvals on the Medicaid side and all of them on the commercial side. And so now given our growing confidence in this conversion, we feel much better about the high end of the range and that's really the driver for what we're seeing in terms of raising the guidance, and again very strong execution by our pharmacy team. So overall that's really the driver and we feel very confident about kind of where IngenioRx is delivering value particularly the significantly improved G&A costs. In terms of Idaho, we're thrilled with the sale to Blue Cross Blue Cross of Idaho and again our focus as we've shared has been on transitioning our current clients, so we are in the sales cycle. We're pleased that Blue Cross of Idaho was one of our first customers to come on board and I said as I shared with you again I think it's strong sign of the value that we're bringing to the marketplace and also the improved service model. We do have a very strong pipeline going into 2021 as you realize many of these sales are very long tail two, three years based on the contracts in the PBM and the large account business, but we think a real big opportunity for us is the opportunity to bring back pharmacy into our Integrated Medical clients. That's an area that over the last several years that we have lost quite a bit of that integrated business and our value proposition is very strong, so we're optimistic about that but we see that going really more into the latter half of 2020 and into 2021. Thank you very much for the question. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Great. Thank you very much for the question Lance, I'm going to have Felicia address what's happening in our Medicaid business, I think she can talk broadly about the initiatives.
Gail Boudreaux: Great, well, thanks Felicia. In terms of the second part of your question Lance, I would say almost to all of those we see opportunities across a very wide range of partnerships with different Blue plans but also outside of Blue plans care provider partners are also areas that we have done a number of different things. So, on the specifics, so clearly our Medicaid partnerships we're very pleased with that, we'll be bringing North Carolina live in the fourth quarter hopefully as that goes by. We've got additional partnerships there with our care more business as well to offer care delivery services more broadly to that population. As I think about Ingenio, we clearly see opportunities for Ingenio to partner with other Blue plans across either their entire population even subsets of that population. Beacon does quite a bit of work with other Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans and we see that is an opportunity to further expand and Aspire has also strong relationships. So as you can see we see a breadth of potential opportunities both inside of the Blue Cross system but also with care provider partners. And today even just to give you one quick example in the Medicaid space, we have eight partnerships fiber with Sister Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans and three are with care provider relationships. On Medicare because of our strength in the dual eligible population, we're going to be expanding our partnership in Louisiana to dual eligibles beginning in January as well. So again a pretty broad based operation for us. And so we're not just focused on growing one specific business or line but really kind of meeting the needs of each of those plans and where they have potential gaps and potentially how we can put together very unique situations. The last thing I would add is as you saw probably recently some of the announcements around our digital capabilities. We also believe that those will be very strong offerings for us to work with other Blue plans around consumer engagement and care provider integration and those things we think will resonate very strongly in the market and actually support the other businesses that I shared with you at the beginning. So thanks. Thank you very much for the question. And next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Let me answer your first question. Yes, you are right. Your assessment on Ingenio is in line. And then John I will ask you to respond to the MLR question.
Gail Boudreaux: I think John will answer the second part of your question and then I will ask Felicia to comment a little bit about just sort of the environment in Medicaid. But I do commend everyone for getting multiple questions and quite a few, so there is quite a few, then we'll try to adjust all of them, John please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, Felicia. And thank you to everyone for allowing our call to go little longer than normal. We felt it was important to respond to everyone's question. We appreciate your questions for our team. Our performance in the first-half of this year gives us confidence in our ability to capitalize on future growth prospects and deliver better outcomes and better value on behalf of our members and shareholders. Our success is made possible by our 60,000 associates who are committed to carrying out the Anthem's mission, vision, and values each and every day. Again, thank you for your interest, and I look forward to speaking with you in the future.
John Gallina: Yes, thank you, Ricky. This is John. And unfortunately we really don't talk about state-by-state specific situations in Medicaid. We're in 23 states right now, going on 24 by the end of the year, and really review and discuss our Medicaid as a portfolio of assets and a portfolio of businesses. With that being said, yes there are a few things that maybe I'll point to specifically that can help you with your modeling. We continue to work with our state partners on a regular basis to get the rates that are appropriate for the risk and the acuity of the populations that we're serving. Many states have gone through a fairly significant re-verification effort ensuring that only those Americans who are eligible to receive Medicaid benefits are actually receiving Medicaid benefits. When the rates were first set they were set on a slightly different population and a mix of members than what we are serving today. And so as I said, we continue to work with the states to ensure that we're getting appropriate adjustments associated with the mix of membership as it works through. And there are several states that we actually have received increases in our rates in the second half of the year and we expect that that will help improve the MLR and improve the profitability of the Medicaid business in the second half of the year. So thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Thank you, Steve for the question and I do want to have a clarification. We have not stated that we have seen an increase in medical cost. We have said we've seen an increase in benefit expense ratio and that increase in benefit expense ratio is because the premium reimbursements that we're getting have not fully compensated us for the risk that we're taking on an overall portfolio. Back to the point that I made on Ricky's question that if states are going to re-verification there is an incidence of the mix of the membership that we're serving is different than what the pricing and the rates would have been based on. So yes, there's clearly there's a mismatch between the risk of the members that we are serving today and the rates that we're receiving today. And Felicia Norwood and her team are visiting with our state partners on a regular basis if not a daily basis in some cases to ensure that the rates are appropriately reflected. And that's one of the unfortunate parts about the Medicaid businesses is that the amount of the premium that you receive and the risks that you are incurring do not always exactly align on a quarter-over-quarter basis. We've seen that typically over the course of a year that they'll be normalized, that rates will be adjusted appropriately. But when you're looking at any one specific quarter or any quarter-over-quarter comparison, it's always apt to be skewed a bit because of the mismatch that I discussed. So thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Yes, thank you. Thank you, Justin for the question. In terms of the MLR and how it compared our internal expectations. The MLR was slightly higher than our internal expectations here for the first half of the year in the second quarter which is why we are raising our guidance, which is why we have spiked it out as is a reason for the fact that our MLR is above the analyst consensus in total. So I think that all really does align in terms of the PPIA that you stated, the PPIA is one metric. It's obviously a metric that a lot of folks really do like to focus on but it is only one metric. I would say our reserves are very consistent and conservative the way that we've approached it. We continue to have a margin in the mid to high single digit range for average deviation. But we are investing quite a bit of money in informatics and data, in systems and it is actually providing us better information and better insights into our inventory data. And so not only is that being utilized to help serve the members, it is also being utilized to help set reserves and I think we should see maybe a bit less volatility in reserves in the future associated with the fact that we have better information and we've even discussed in the past, some of the claims processing speeds have improved as well, 97% of our claims are submitted via EDI and 88% of our auto adjudicated, so the speed and accuracy is actually very, very good. And so then as you look at that one metric associated with PPIA, you have to look at other metrics in conjunction with that and the fact that our days and claims payable has increased a bit. Our cash flow as a percent of net income was 1.3 times for the quarter, 1.1 for the entire year-to-date. And I think we're very comfortable that the reserves are stated appropriately and quite nice, I go through all this just to let you know that it's really not impacting the MLR guidance per se, the MLR guidance is based on the Medicaid MLR being higher than expected which really has much to do with the revenue that we're getting is not exactly matching the risks that we're taking right here in the second quarter. Thank you.
John Gallina: Great. Thank you, Gail. So yes, so A.J., on the risk adjuster and I just want to make sure that this is being characterized appropriately and we're asking and answering the proper question. So risk adjuster in 2018 in the second quarter we had a very nice positive true up and that was predicated on our 2017 individual ACA membership. And as you recall that was before we had made the decision to reduce our footprint due to the instability and uncertainty of that marketplace. And so we had approximately 1.6 million individual ACA members in 12/31/17 and then the true up we received in June was predicated on that block of business. And then fast forward 12 months and we received a true up in June of 2019 associated with our 2018 membership. That true up was positive. It was relatively small and it was extremely consistent with our expectations. And so the headwind is not a negative true up, the headwind is that the value of the true up in 2018 was significant and the value of the positive true up in 2019 was relatively small, but as I said in accordance with our guidance and our expectations.
John Gallina: Yes, thank you Kevin for the question. And as I think Pete had referenced earlier, the MLR in commercial is actually very much aligned with what our expectations have been. As we review and evaluate the cost trend, we have reaffirmed today the 6% plus or minus 50 basis points cost trend in commercial that is something that has been consistent for the entire year. And then we continued to reaffirm that guidance. Medicare has been certainly consistent with our expectations as well. We are really quite pleased with our growth in Medicare, having 16% growth rate already through six months and expect to continue to improve. The group retiree business within Medicare which you didn't ask about specifically but just for clarity purposes that business typically dilutive when it first sold. And it takes awhile to get the care management programs to get risk scores, get the information accumulated so that we can get appropriate reimbursement based on risk adjustors and various other aspects like that. But, it's actually performing in line with our expectations. We did expect it to be dilutive in the first half of the year and it was. But it's very much in line with the expectations. So I would say we feel very comfortable with the performance, and the growth both in our commercial business as well as our Medicare business. And that the MLR pressures that we are seeing as a consolidated company really relate to the lack of appropriate premium and reimbursement rates on the Medicaid businesses.
John Gallina: Hi. No, thank you for the question, Ralph, and clearly that is a very appropriate question. Something that we need to be looking at and evaluating on a state by state basis, however, we are very comfortable with the future state aspect of Medicaid. Medicaid does have the $80 billion pipeline that we have been talking about for a while over the next five years, and we do believe that we can garner our fair share of that. The acuity of that pipeline is skewed more to the higher premium type businesses whether it's the aged, blind, disabled, long term support services or others. And we will be very disciplined in terms of how we approach that, how we price for that to ensure that we are being appropriately reimbursed. But no, we are not at the point now that we are talking about exiting states. We want to be a partner with the state. We believe the states like us. As a partner, we have provided a significant amount of value and savings to these states over time. And it all boils down just getting the reimbursement correct. So we feel very good about the both the short term and the long term trajectory of the Medicaid business.
John Gallina: Sure, Steve. Thank you very much. The PPA metric that you stated was consistent with the how I answered Justin Lake's question a few minutes ago associated with that are reverses are very consistent and that we do have explicit conservatives inbuilt into those. The better information we have, the better insights has certainly provided us clarity in terms of our loss reserves. And it's just one metric. Days and claims payable has increased, cash flows has been very positive 1.3 times net income. And so, we feel very good about the situation. One other thing just to really clarify when you are looking at the prior year number, that's based on the 12/31/17 run off. And the 12/31/17 run off had 1.6 million individual ACA members in it. And we had announced a few months earlier that we are going to exit 65% of the footprint associated with the individual ACA. And so, we are a very conservative in the fourth quarter of 2017 associated with our reserve picks on the ACA -- individual ACA business, and that turned out to be redundant which you are seeing in the go-forward footnote from a year ago. So all in, we actually feel very comfortable with the business. There is no surprises here. There is no new news. Medicaid has been performing under our expectations. Commercial and Medicare have both been performing consistent with our expectations. And we actually feel very good about the revenue adjustments and the revenue enhancements that we are expecting in Medicaid in the second half of the year. And then, we will continue on with the strong performance in the commercial and Medicare.
John Gallina: Yes, thank you, Gary. That's an excellent question. And as we have stated, we believe that we are being overcharged by an excess of $3 billion by Express Scripts based on our contractual provisions. But that was known and it was baked into our numbers. The trend that we are experienced pharmacy, while it's higher than we would like, it's consistent with what we planned for at the beginning of the year. So, thank you.
John Gallina: There is a lot of multi part one questions, but thank you for the question and the cadence of our EPS seasonality, because you know, our seasonality certainly has changed, and it's changed over the years. A few years ago, it changed when the elimination of the reinsurance program occurred throughout the ACA. It changed again when we exited the ACA, and now it's changing again with the launch of Ingenio, and it will change next year due to a full-year impact of Ingenio. So, thank you for clarifying or allowing me to clarify that the earnings seasonality has and will continue to change on a quarter-over-quarter basis. in 2019, there are a couple of other things very specifically that are driving our year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter seasonality. I talked about the commercial risk adjustment for the ACA was fairly significant in the second quarter of 2018, and it was a positive adjustment in the second quarter 2019, but relatively small. And that clearly is impacting our year-over-year seasonality. Our mix of business continues to change, and I'm not sure that everyone is truly reflected just how much our mix of business has changed over the past several years. You go back 10 years ago, we were a commercial company. We had over 70% of our revenues was generated from our commercial business area, and look at the second quarter results today, over 60% of our revenue was from our Government Business Division. And the Government Business Division has a bit flatter seasonality typically than Commercial does. And so, clearly that's continually changing. And I have talked about some of the auto period adjustments on Medicaid, and the fact that they don't always align. As we look at the second-half of 2019, we do see some revenue enhancements in Medicaid, given some of the recent rate actions and some of the other common conversations we've had with our state partners. But also thinks like -- when we went live with our partnership with Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota from Medicaid, in the fourth quarter of last year, we encouraged significant administrative expense to be prepared to have a very clean and flawless one-one '19 transition to that membership. And that trend went relatively well, and now we expect the second-half of '19 for it to be accretive, working its way towards our target margin range for a new line of business, or a new state. And so, when you're looking at the second-half of 2019, you have the cost of implementation, and you look at the second-half of '18, the cost of implementation in the second-half of 2019 you have the accretion. And the same thing is going on with the group retiree business. My reference is that was diluted at the beginning, and it is dilutive but it's improving throughout the year. So, a lot of moving parts, but we are very comfortable with the overall aspect of our numbers.
Felicia Norwood: Thank you, Lance, and good morning. As John said earlier, the Medicaid challenges that we're facing are really isolated to a handful of states and given the breadth and size of our portfolio and the ongoing work that we do on a daily basis with our states we felt very confident about being able to manage through that. In terms of our medical management capabilities, we really have industry leading capabilities. Our operating platform is unmatched. Our core competencies are certainly widely recognized by our state partners as really recognized by the industry leading win rate that we've had. We've always had a focus on whole person health particularly in our Medicaid business and the ability to be able to manage not just, it's you know the medical conditions and pharmacy conditions but also those social barriers have been a driver for us. So we feel good about the capabilities we have on the Medicaid side in terms of managing our members effectively. And I think as we work through these issues in the handful of states, we'll continue to see improvements both respect to our overall Medicaid performance.
Felicia Norwood: Sure. And thanks for the question, Dave. As we said, that was -- there were elevated cost pressures in a handful of states, but the discipline around working with states for perspective rates happens in all of our states. So, our teams are engaged in almost a daily basis, and working with our states around understanding what's happening with the emerging experience of our Medicaid membership, and the mix issues that we discussed before. So, the other thing you should understand too is all the state's rating periods are different. So they are not on a calendar year. They happen at different times of the year, and in addition to that there are also opportunities from mid-year rate adjustments. So, the rate process in states is very complex, dynamic, and very iterative in terms of the work that we have to do on a daily basis. So, while the pressure is certainly isolated in a handful of states, the discipline around the work that we do with our states on a day-to-day basis happens consistently across all 22 or so of our markets.
Felicia Norwood: Thank you very much Rob for that question. As we think about 2020, we take a real balanced approach in structuring our offerings [ph]. We evaluate both our benefit designs as well as the competitive landscape. We certainly appreciate the increased flexibility that's come from our federal partner around the 2019 benefit offerings when we made some changes with respect to social determinants of health benefits, and frankly I think we were leaders out there in trends of that space. We will be making some modest improvements with respect to those offerings, because we believe that they certainly can be differentiators with respect to our products in the various markets. Going forward, the story hasn't changed very much. We've been delivering very strong growth in the individual MA space, and certainly our approach is to make sure that we have competitive benefit designs out there, while also making sure that we are maintaining our pricing discipline with respect to this business as we go forward. So, thank you.
