Morgan Kendrick: Thanks, John, and thanks for the question, Justin. As John said, this is going to be – it’s going to take a bit to get it completely turned. July came in actually as expected. Certainly, there was some attrition in the large group risk business. To give you some concept there as it relate – context here as it relates to January, John said about 50% of that business is up for renewal. We have just released those in market. So it’s a bit early to tell, but our expectations are that there will be some attrition, which is – would be natural when we’re right pricing this business and we’re unmoved by anything being different than expected as we move forward.
Morgan Kendrick: Right, and thanks, Gail. And thanks Lisa for the question. When you think about the commercial group business, you’ve got generational cohorts, four of them with Boomers X, Y and Z that are part of the actual the makeup. And of course the way they engage certainly is indeed different. Various modalities are very important to us. And as such, we have products that we are launching that have a virtual first component where one can elect a primary care physician that would be a digital connection as opposed to a physical connection. But it also allows for the opportunity to move into the physical world within the value-based constructs that Gail described in our value-based network strategies to keep a tight closed loop integration, so to speak, on how this works. One in particular that we’ve already launched for January versus in our Nevada market, which is a combination of a partnership with a single entity, but layered with a digital fresh first front end. The economics of that arrangement are quite attractive in the market, and we’re expecting nice pull through is the enrollment period concludes. But this is the beginning of it. We’ve been adding the virtual components to all of our commercial self-funded business and risk business over the past year and a half. And as such, we’ll continue to build products anchored around those assets. Thanks again for the question.
Morgan Kendrick: Thanks Dave. To – express confidence, I think that July played out as we indicated exactly as we expected. The renewals that we needed we obtained, and of course there was some attrition in the book that was certainly planned, that same phenomenon we're seeing and in we're the very beginnings of it for January 1. I think the confidence that was alluded to earlier is in the actual position in which we're pricing the business. We sort of got in the spot last year, pricing early for 2021 or 2022 and then things reveal differently in the fall. That's sort of shaping up as planned as we see right now. So the confidence in the numbers, in the market are there. When we think about this concept of a catchers met with Medicaid redetermination, there's business that stays on the Medicaid side. There's business that's going to move to the commercial side, be it group or individual. Gail alluded to the fact that we've done a really nice job in expanding our footprint to cover roughly 95% of the population of the geographies we serve – from a commercial individual ACA perspective. And then, we have very strong penetration in the commercial risk and non-risk business would also be part of that catchers met, so to speak for the group side. So all in we're confident in A the results from July B how we're [Technical Difficulty].
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Morgan, and thanks, Austin, for the question. And I think as you heard from both John and Morgan, we feel we’re making really good progress in this business. And as I shared in my opening comments, we’re seeing really strong uptake, particularly in our fee-based business, along with the disciplined process. And so overall, it met our expectations on attrition to be real specific. So overall, feel very good about the quarter and where we’re heading on commercial. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, Steve, thanks for your question. I think just a couple of, I’d say clarifications as we go through this process. We’ve been working very, very closely with our states and across our enterprise. And a few things that I think are important that we’ve shared with you in the past. One, we’ve had a long time to plan for this and a long time to discuss this with each of our specific states, and each state will have a bit of a different process, but where we can, we’re sharing data that the states allow us to do that. We’re also working with community organizations to make sure that first and foremost, that everyone who’s eligible for coverage retains eligibility for coverage. And I think that’s probably where we start in this whole process, is ensure that those, just because of administrative things, et cetera, that we ensure that they have the right eligibility for the right program. For those that are not going to be eligible for Medicaid, again, we’re working across our commercial business as well as our Medicaid business to provide, I think the most education and seamless transition. If you start just a little bit of facts for our business. If you think about our 14 commercial states, Medicaid membership in those states grew roughly 7.5 million beneficiaries in those states. We, as part of our exchange footprint, now cover pretty much all of the counties in our footprint of 14 states and also have incredibly strong market share, not only in the exchange, but also in our commercial benefits business. So, we think there’s an opportunity, obviously with our brand recognition our dedication to this membership, our community involvement, and the work we’re doing, again, with community partners, educating our commercial business to be quite frankly, well positioned and don’t see it as a jump ball. We think we’re actually quite well positioned in those states. And in terms of our own Medicaid membership, approximately 2.7 million members – million of those members came in as a result of the PAG and obviously we know those members well, they know us well, they recognize our brand. And so, again, based on the state rules, and regulations will be working very closely to help that transition. So, I feel like, given the time we’ve had to plan the guidance from the administration, our work with the states, that actually this is going to be a much more organized process than I would call it just to jump all with a real opportunity for those who lead in the market to have an opportunity to move those members and keep coverage, which again, is our primary goal here. So again, thanks for the question. And we look forward to continuing to update everyone on our progress there. Thank you. Next question.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes, thanks to the question, Rob. A couple of things. One, I think it’s been well documented that, our contracts are on a three year-end duration, so we negotiate again about a third of them each year. So that just gives you a little context to the sort of discussions. Clearly, there is more cost pressure in the system. But overall, I would say our deals are coming in within normal range and we continually are proactively managing that contract and our products, obviously to offer affordability, continuing to look at our clinical strategies, ensure we can maintain our long-term trends. While also as we shared with you, maintain our underwriting discipline to price to our forward review of those costs. Ultimately, it’s affordability that’s paramount for our customers, particularly in this economic environment. We take that very, very seriously. Specifically to your question about value-based contracts with our providers, we are having those discussions. And quite frankly, we’ve made a lot of progress on our value-based contracts. We’ve shared with you roughly 60% of our total contracts are in value-based, and our goal is to move a lot more of those at least a third by 2025 to downside risk. I’m really pleased to share that we’ve made really good progress even in this last year and in the last quarter. And in now where we were in sort of low double digits now in high teens in downside risk. So making great progress against our goal to get to more downside risk in our contracts as well as value-based care. So back to your question, we do think that there is an opportunity to continue to move more of these to value-based care. We are seeing progress not just on the hospital side, but across the broader provider care continuum. And the other thing that I think’s important in trying to be a good partner with our care providers is we’re also looking at how to reduce the administrative burden that they face. So how do we accelerate the work we’re doing on data sharing, reduce some of the – I’ll call administrative care review processes that may not have the highest value. And I think those are big opportunities for us as well, in addition to just trying to increase rates. So we’ve seen progress there and we’re committed to continuing to work with care providers so that, obviously, that we have a good long-term partnership with them. But overall, we’re not seeing anything outside of our normal ranges right now and have been very successful with these strategies. So thanks very much for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: So thanks for the question, Lisa. I’m going to ask Morgan to add some commentary, but just an overview. Yes, we are. So first, Sydney is our front door to healthcare. So we have really embedded all of our capabilities in Sydney. And what I shared with you are a couple things. One, that virtual primary care is one of the elements of our care delivery strategy. And Morgan talk about the product offerings that we have there as well. But we’re also seeing it, and you saw some of the early data around an opportunity to help us manage chronics in a much more efficient way. And so we’re seeing a lot of uptake in that. And it’s also embedded into what our customers are selecting. So we’re adding a lot more capability inside of Sydney. So a couple of very important just quick facts, but let me turn it over to Morgan to share with you a little bit about the product strategy, which is an element of our affordability offerings for the market.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes, thanks, Morgan. And Lisa, just sort of two important concepts that I want to reiterate. One that we’ve embedded virtual capabilities for our customers across the board. And we’re also aligning those with our high performance networks. And we talk about best costs in the marketplace and what’s really driving a lot of our growth. It’s that affordability. And again, it’s not just virtual for virtual by itself, but it’s aligned to our high performance network strategy. And then second, as Morgan said, we’re in – I would say earlier days, but we have been beginning to launch a number of virtual only products. But again, they have tied to physical assets or high performance network. So again, really trying to drive best cost and quality and outcomes for our members. Next question, please. Thank you.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question, Kevin. I'll address that, and I think that there's a few things. One, we are mindful of the economic environment under which John in the headwinds and tailwinds, where he talked about one specific known Medicaid. He also did reference the broader economic environment that we're planning for across a whole series of scenarios. But I want to take you back in terms of our business because we are a much more diversified business than we have been at any other time in our company's history. And just putting some facts around that, today that 25% of our premium roughly is in our commercial business, whereas that number was 70% in 2008. And so as you think about that, the diversity of our businesses and in strong, we've been able to perform in both good and bad economic times certainly in stronger economic times. The commercial business continues to grow, but we haven't seen any impact in terms of our commercial business today. And we're still seeing strong growth in ads inside of our fee-based business. But clearly our focus is on, as you just heard in the last question, affordable products driving a differentiated value for our consumers. We've been able to demonstrate that. Just a quick fact that we talk a lot about in our own business. Our growth as you've seen in the fee-based with some of our most discerning customers we have been consolidating business from multi-carrier to single carrier over the last several years. We added another eight additional clients for January of this year that consolidate with us. So these are just a couple of proof points in terms of the, I would say the resiliency right now of our commercial business. And then obviously in more difficult times Medicaid businesses tend to grow well and take on some of that. We're also in a very different environment than we were in the last recession, and that recession we didn't have the ACA and the opportunity for individuals to go in, in a subsidized manner. And as you heard from us, we also now have full coverage in our counties in ACA exchange business. And then we think the Medicare business where we have zero premium plans is also quite resilient. So, across our book certainly we're mindful of an economic downturn. We're planning for it in our businesses. We've been investing heavily in digital and trying to ensure that we can maintain our own cost structure. So those are the kinds of things and playbooks that we have inside of our business. So it's not that we're not planning and thinking about that business, but we do feel we have a much more resilient business and a much more diversified business that one business line is in dominating our company as it had in the past. So, and also I would ask – I would add that Caroline in times obviously adds, we have a big roadmap for Caroline to add additional opportunities to impact the affordability of our health plan business and take on more risk. Just a couple of the examples I shared this morning between AIM and myNEXUS. We've got a, I think a long runway there, and that again is all about driving affordability. So I guess in short, yes, we're planning for it. Yes, we're being prudent and diligent. And second, we know that affordability and differentiated value is going to be critical in a market where customers are strained. And those are the kind of products that we're putting in the market. And we feel we've got a nice a nice breath of those right now, much more so than we've ever had. So thanks very much for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes, thanks for the question. I think in total, I think I shared this in sort of the recession response. We really haven't seen a lot of change in, in-group and actually it's been up a little bit. So I wouldn't necessarily call it a trend, but it's been running fairly stable. And I think as you think about, where employers are, they're holding onto their employees, they've got a number of jobs still open, so we're not seeing any impact yet across any of our commercial business on the attrition side and actually are seeing some net ads. So thank you very much for the question. And thank you, operator. In closing, we're pleased with the broad based momentum across our businesses and are confident that our ongoing execution of our strategy positions us to continue delivering against the financial targets we shared with you at our investor conference last year. We'll keep executing with excellence and discipline to deliver an enhanced value to all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your interest in Elevance Health and have a great rest of week.
Felicia Norwood: Yes. Thank you, Gail, and good morning, A.J. As Gail said, it was certainly very early in the Medicare Advantage annual election period. But we’re pleased with what we’ve seen so far around our competitive positioning. When we think about our supplemental benefits, they really compare favorably with our competitors, and we really lead the industry in terms of our everyday extras, our over-the-counter offerings, transportation benefits and certainly those things that are focused on addressing the whole health needs of our members and those social drivers of health. Additionally, as you know, we actually improved our footprint by expanding into 145 new counties on the HMO side and then 210 counties from a PPO perspective. So while we’re early in this process based on the feedback we’re getting from our distribution channel and others, we feel very good about how we are positioned as we head into AEP and look forward to continued growth in this business. Thank you.
Felicia Norwood: So, good morning, Scott. In many respects, the Medicaid space has always been competitive, but you’re right, it’s certainly become hyper competitive recently and we continue to be, I think, well positioned around our success. When I take a look at the RFP process, as you know, states really delayed part of the RFP process in the midst of COVID, but things have certainly wrapped up significantly over the past year or so. When I take a look at where we are, our focus has really been around health equity, population health. You heard Gail referenced earlier our NCQA distinction with respect to health equity. And our state partners are certainly looking at health plans who can help them improve outcomes and focus specifically on those health equity areas that we’ve been working on here at Elevance Health. So I feel strongly about our ability to kind of elevate and advance health for our members and address the needs of our state partners at a local level. When I look at the RFP opportunities, we’ve been focused on certainly California was significant, a really big win for us. We won in every county, we were able to win in and we actually picked up a county that was a new county for us, so a very strong performance there. We recently also re-procured our RFP in Puerto Rico coming in first, and that demonstrated to me continued strong momentum in terms of our ability to address the needs of our state partners. And most recently yesterday having the DC City Council approved a new win for us in the district. So I continue to see momentum around our value proposition, being able to respond to the needs of our state customers and meet our Medicaid members where they are as we continue to focus on health equity, improved outcomes and advancing those issues that we know are very important to our state partners.
Felicia Norwood: Sure. And good morning, Gary. When I think about our Medicare Advantage business, we've been always very focused on a portfolio that takes a look at individuals who are complex and chronic. And our dual special needs plans have always been an area where we look to grow. Today, I think we represent probably the third largest footprint with respect to dual eligible individuals and within our footprint we're second. We believe that we have the capabilities as we sit within our Medicaid – Medicare business and certainly as you take a look at Carolina to be able to be able to deliver a value proposition to these individuals that's differentiated. So when we take a look at how we are appropriately priced and competitive in the marketplace is certainly based on our strategy around playing to those stress and being able to partner and look to do those individuals or work with those individuals in a way that's differentiating. So I think our competitive cost structure and the way that we think about our duals products certainly gives us the ability to address their specific needs.
