Wayne S. DeVeydt: Hi, Kevin, good morning. First, let me start with a number of the items that actually occurred including the retro were anticipated in the second quarter, so while we did benefit from it in and of itself, it was not necessarily something that was not expected. And probably more importantly, I would say the MLR in total still came in better than our expectations. So first of all, underlying run rate appears to be strong across the businesses and we continue to be encouraged by it.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: No, no. These are – again, I view these as normal run rate expectations with puts and takes that occur every quarter. So no, we wouldn't break those out separately.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah, we continue to reaffirm our trend guidance at 7% plus or minus 50 basis points but I would say at this point, Kevin, if the first half were to continue through the second half of the year, we would be in the lower half of that range, this 6.5% to 7% range.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah, Matt. Thank you so much for the question as well. Let me first state that we do not believe our first half benefited from the additional reserves that came through in the reserve roll-forwards. Specifically as those reserves related to the prior year, the majority of that release actually ended up being re-established as additional liabilities for the risk collars we had in Medicaid, for the MLR rebates in our individual business, and for risk adjusters on our individual business. So it simply shifted from one bucket of the reserve balance sheet to another bucket of the reserve balance sheet. As those got released there, additional reserves were then established. That was part of our conservative posturing we tried to take at year-end so that as things would develop, we knew there wouldn't be much upside, but we also knew we were protected against the downside. Probably the best quality metric I can point you to, Matt, to then validate that we did not benefit in the quarter is the cash flow to net income, which will show how strong cash flow is relative to our net income earnings. But we did not benefit in the quarter, and believe we continue to have high-single digit margin for adverse deviation in our reserves.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Hi, Christine. A little bit was the true-up, but the true-up in and of itself was not that meaningful and so it wasn't the largest driver. I will tell you that our Medicare is performing quite well, and a number of the items that we were fixing in previous years including risk adjusters and other items are no longer impacting our Medicare book of business. So as we said as part of our turnaround strategy that this should be the first year that we thought investors would begin to see stability, in fact increases in its earnings. And we think that run rate will continue. But I will tell you Medicare was as much a contributor as Medicaid was within the quarter.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah, actually, we did not – I would say we have a conservative balance sheet though regarding the risk adjusters at this point. But I would say that we did get our recent mid-year statement on Medicare Advantage and it's in line with our expectations. I would say relative to risk adjusters for the broader exchange book, we actually had a true-up for the prior year which again, was offset by the excess conservatism on the balance sheet because that's why we had it established. And then we applied a run rate factor for the first half of the year to that as well. So again, we believe our balance sheet continues to maintain a decent amount of conservatism for the unknown.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: No, not a meaningful adjustment versus our expectations, I should say, Christine. But clearly we were expecting a much better and positive return from our investments we made in the previous years.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Hi, Tom. Good morning. The vast majority of it is improved operations in the Medicare book plus you're getting full run rate benefits from the Medicaid expansion that occurred last year plus our new wins. Remember, a lot of the Medicaid expansion in and of itself did not really get on the books until around June of last year. And so last year's 2Q is really not reflective of not only the full quarter growth but, as you know, that ramped up then through the end of last year plus new wins we had into this year. So what you really are seeing there is core organic growth in our Medicaid book as well as unique improvement in our Medicare book. And I do want to reiterate the retro adjustment is quite de minimis relative to the quarter but just one of many things that we have happening every quarter.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Hey, Matt. It was not overly significant. You're looking at around $0.04 to $0.05 total is what the impact is based on the timing that we had assumed we would have.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Hi, Josh. Good question. So a couple of things to keep in mind regarding how the margins look in the quarter and then where we think they'll pan out. And I think it's fair to say that on the Medicaid front, the margins are quite strong in the quarter, but when you're comparing it to the previous-year quarter but recognize again, with the ramp up that occurred last year there was heavy G&A for that initial ramp up, so as we're staffing and resourcing in the quarter a year-ago for all that ramp up coming in, you're getting a fairly sizable G&A hit to the margins but you're not necessarily getting the revenue bump that comes with it or the earnings that are associated with it. So as you compare to this year you're getting what I'll call much more normalized view of what margins could look like. The second thing I would highlight is our Medicare book has improved meaningfully. This was one of our strategies. We've done the things we've wanted to do around pairing the business back, refocusing on HMO products and slowly starting to improve our risk adjusters, and so I would tell you on a year-over-year basis the margins in Medicare specifically are quite strong. And then finally I would say that we had assumed some duals though still to continue to grow through the back half of the year, and as you know the duals will have a very muted effect, somewhat a negative margin in the early rollout. So that's another reason why I think you'll see the margin start to come down through the back half of the year but in general, Matt, we're very encouraged by how the whole book is running. I would also highlight that we still see margin opportunity for improvements, Josh, in a number of our areas that we have right now around certain states including Florida, Kansas and others where we continue to believe that they're large states that have upside still.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: I think that is probably more the high end of the range of where we're going to be on a sustainable basis. I wouldn't necessarily look at that to be higher than that level.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Thanks, A.J. Good morning. Let me start with one of the things that I would point each of you too is to actually look at the margin that the Commercial segment has reported through the first half of this year being around 11.6%. We believe that the seasonality patterns are very different that what we've seen historically and part of this is due to the ACA and how it's rolling out. We believe we'll get to what I'll call our typical sustainable high single digit margin, but if you take that 11.6% for the first half and then consider what it would take to bring that down the high single digit margin, to give you a little bit of a flavor in the Commercial book of the seasonality that we believe we're seeing along with the mix. I would also highlight that you start getting diminishing returns on margins in the back half of the year now because of the way the 3Rs have been established and the way the MLR rebates work. So as you have outperformance profitability early on, as that continues, you end up essentially recording collars under the Medicaid and then, of course, MLR rebates and risk adjusters and corridors under the exchange-related business. So it's not that the business will be performing worse in the second half. We actually think the business is doing quite well, but we think the seasonality and mix patterns have changed meaningfully from what we've seen historically.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah. So let me start, A.J., on the reinsurance corridor. No big surprises there from our perspective. A little bit of upside to it because we had put some reserves up against some of that, but nothing of what I'll call a meaningful nature and not much of a run rate impact for the current year. On the risk adjusters, though, we did have a net payable true-up, as high a reserve as we had booked on the risk adjusters. But it's part of the reason we maintain the excess reserves within our roll forward and our balance sheet, because we knew there could be some unknowns and that was some of the protection that we were trying to build against. So the good news is that we reserved in total for it so it didn't have a net negative impact to our bottom line. And then we took that updated adjuster view and then ran rate that for the full year and then booked six-twelfths of that as of June 30. So that is reflected in our outlook as well, what I would call the most current view, as conservative as we can be on it. So we do have that reflected. And then relative to risk corridors, we're pretty much in a net neutral position, not much of a receivable, not much of a payable. It's more of a mathematical calculation and so we're not really expecting any surprises on the last R from our perspective.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: One thing to keep in mind on the duals is that they're actually very heavy on the SG&A during the initial rollout phase, and that the leverage actually comes in more in years two and three than it does in year one. So I think one thing to keep in mind is in the programs that are starting to expand in the second half, when you look at Texas and some of the other pilot programs still ramping up in California. So it actually has the opposite dynamic of what you're describing in the first year of rollout. And then you start to get your leverage more effectively in the later periods of time, and primarily because you continue to ramp up and provide a lot more medical care as you're trying to get these people involved in what I'll call your sustainable programs around medical cost management.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah. So let me start with the Florida rates. Our guidance reflects what we know the rates are as they're currently being put forward. With that said though, I would indicate that we still believe the rate environment is somewhat challenging in Florida. We would like to see the rate continue to be improved. And we continue to work with our partners in the state around the product designs we have and the geographies. And that's why I indicated we believe we have opportunity for margin improvement in the state still. But again, the initial rates that were put forward were slightly behind what we thought were the rates that were needed, but not meaningfully, which is encouraging. And then I would say that our outlook reflects those rates, at least as they've been put forward at this point in time. Regarding taxes, it's important just to remember that the health insurer fee is a fixed fee. And so it doesn't ebb and flow based on your current year revenues or membership. And so as we have better income performance, and in this case where we are having strong operating gain performance and strong net income performance, it actually creates a leverage on your tax rate. And so in essence, what you're seeing in the lower rate is really a function of better operating earnings.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Chris, good morning. The majority of the reduction is related to the dual space and then specifically in Texas as we looked at the outlook. A couple just reminders, we had three counties in California, Santa Clara, Alameda and L.A. that we were selected in to be part of the demo pilot. Relative to that, Alameda actually ended up withdrawing the pilot so that did impact I would say our full-year outlook from a revenue perspective as we had fully anticipated that pilot would continue. L.A. County went live last year but the membership continues to be a slow uptake at this point. And I would say that phenomenon we saw in California which started last year is really continuing as we get into this year. We're seeing in Virginia the enrollment is slower as well as New York. I do want to remind you that we had a fairly, I thought, conservative outlook for duals revenue over our five-year outlook period. So we had anticipated really only around $2.5 billion of duals revenue by 2018. And based on the current ramp up and the pace that it's going on the pilot programs, we're running closer to about $1.4 billion at this point in time. So we still have a number of years to close that gap, but I would say in general the duals continue to come on much slower than we even we had modeled at this point in time. But the majority of the revenue decline is solely related to the duals uptake being slower than we anticipated.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah. First of all, let me start by saying that what we used in establishing risk adjusters was the Wakely data. It was the best information we had and we continue to use that data. We had concerns though, regarding the Wakely data because we knew a number of competitors had not reported their data. And so we booked our risk adjusters at 12/13/2014 relative to Wakely and then we established additional reserves on our balance sheet for what we thought a range of outcomes could be, and tried to maintain a conservative range for that. And that's what you see running through the reserve roll-forward under DCP. So as we got to this year, and you can look at the public data that was available, but the number was north of $50 million that we were short on the risk adjuster. But at the same time, the number that we have within our balance sheet was more than adequate to cover that because we had assumed that it would be potentially short from what Wakely had posted. So ultimately, our current year earnings to date did not have a detriment to them because of risk adjusters, nor did they have a benefit. And of course, at that point then we could release any additional reserves that we thought we needed related to prior year, which we did. However, those reserves then resulted in collars for Medicaid being paid back to the states as well as risk corridor payables that would be adjusted from there as well as MLR rebate payables. So you have to almost look at the math in a chronological order. So, ultimately, no real benefit to the year, no real detriment to the prior year because we were obviously fully reserved it. And from a run rate perspective, we trued up for that delta. And so you can kind of use that as a gauge of that shortcoming of what we thought it would impact the current year.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah, it's a reasonable proxy. I mean, it's less than $100 million, more than $50 million is what I would say at this point. But, again, I think to try to pinpoint one number down is really not the way I would recommend looking at it because you have to consider that our reserving was done with a lot of unknowns, and you have to evaluate kind of all reserves we had on the balance sheet.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: I would say the vast majority of what we're retaining within our own book, it's back to our long-term strategy that we built which was to have the biggest catcher's mitt so that we were indifferent to where the customer wanted to play but rather be in a situation we could have a product offering to them. And I think that's reflected obviously in our overall growth in the first six months of 1 million new customers. So you think about it, we're clearly retaining the vast majority of that between our business lines and then adding to that as well. I would add the national account selling season is starting to draw to a close. We have a small handful of accounts that we're still waiting to hear from that we're optimistic about but we continue to believe we'll be a net grower next year in the several hundreds of thousands range.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: The headwind continues to occur in this year at a meaningful clip. What I would tell you, though, is similar to this catcher's mitt scenario we keep describing, we did not see as much small group attrit this year into the public exchange as we thought. So small group is still down year-over-year on operating earnings as we had expected, but not down as much as we had expected so some of the underperformance on the membership and individual is being offset by over-performance on the membership in small group while the EBITDA in small group. So it will continue to add to the headwind for next year, but I would remind you that the headwind next year becomes the lowest headwind of our three-year period and really starts to become very, very manageable beginning in 2016 and beyond.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: Yeah. So the vast majority of the wins are directly associated with our direct bidding in our states and the value benefit that our national accounts continue to bring. Now obviously, the Blue Card is an instrumental part of that value proposition because we can offer a significant discount to those ASO members. As you know, large national accounts are very sophisticated buyers. It's a highly competitive market within the ASO segment, and we're able to show not only the benefits of the discounts, but those benefits pass on 100% to the ASO customers. So our value prop is simple, and it's resonating.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: So let me start with some of the things that we did. One was, we clearly spent more time and energy ensuring that we got from a best-in-class from a risk-coding perspective. I would call those soups and nuts, nothing crazy, just coding better and really bringing a medical management team in that really understood what to do around coding and making sure that we were looking at the charts. The second thing that we did that's helping us is that we really are medically managing this book of business much better than we believe we have in the past. I think a combination of our historical medical management processes but combining our Medicaid book with our Medicare book and the overall leadership and management has helped meaningfully. And the last thing I want to highlight is one of the things Joe did when he came here was said, it's hard to manage your business when you're on multiple Medicare platforms. And so last year was the last year of consolidating our Medicare platforms onto a single platforming system. That's done a couple of things. One, it's given us platform expansion because the G&A costs associated with that now are behind us. And two is it's giving us better data analytics and more real-time data to respond than we've had historically. And I would say none of those are sexy or unique, kind of nuts and bolts of running a business.
Wayne S. DeVeydt: So Sarah, to give you some flavor for it and I can't really speak to our competitors but I can speak to how we plan to participate because we actually participate in a number of markets but if you look at the RFP pipeline that's out there, you've got about $33 billion of what I'll call core Medicaid either re-procurements or new expansion programs, obviously like you've seen in Iowa, et cetera. When you look at long-term services care and ABD, you've got about $13 billion that's out there. And we've got to look at states like Georgia and Louisiana and North Carolina, et cetera. There is a duals demo opportunity out there and that number's closer to about $7 billion. Now, whether or not that occurs based on the slow pace, we'll see. But there's a lot of other areas, and I don't want to touch on them all, but intellectual and development disability, complex children in foster care, behavioral health integration, et cetera. So we've got line of sight I would say on each one of these by market, and feel very confident in our $65 billion pipeline number.
