John Cannon: Thanks, Wayne. Before we get to Q&A, I just want to address the CEO search process briefly. Our board continues to move thoughtfully and as quickly as possible with the process, and we continue to believe we'll have a decision within the first quarter, hopefully sooner rather than later. Beyond that, we're not commenting on the process or potential candidates, as we've said previously. We remain focused on operating the company during this interim period, and we're pleased with the contributions of all of our associates in driving our improved results over the last 6 months. With that, operator, please open the queue for questions.
John Cannon: Thanks for the question, Justin. And obviously, it's premature to project into 2014. I would say that at this point, certainly, our intention is to grow, and we are positioning the company to do that and I've outlined a number of those initiatives for you today as well as previously. But overall, I would say that growth is our objective.
John Cannon: Yes. And Christine, I would just emphasize that, and we said this before, our Medicare turnaround plan is a multiyear strategy. As Wayne indicated, we do expect margin improvement during first phase of this with enrollment growth coming later.
John Cannon: Kevin, thanks. We did consider the potential impact of sequestration cuts as part of the bidding process. We do have plans to help mitigate the impact of cuts, should they take place. Our markets are, obviously, as you know, very competitive, and we would need to make some adjustments to provide our payments to compensate for sequestration cuts, but in an actuarially sound manner. So I would say yes, we have, to answer your question, the short answer is yes, we've taken that into account.
John Cannon: And this is -- the potential impact of this is another reason for the prudent stance we've taken with respect to our initial 2013 financial guidance.
John Cannon: Well, we were disappointed with the 3-month delay with the dual projects there, but we are looking forward, obviously, to serving this new population. However, if the delay will improve the state's rating-ness [ph] and increase the chance of success for the overall program, then we think it was a prudent move. We do plan to participate in 3 counties, as you probably know, Santa Clara, Alameda and directly and as a subcontractor to L.A. Care and L.A. County. So these programs are now scheduled to begin in September of 2013. But L.A. will be phased in over 18 months, which is, I believe, supposed to smooth the enrollment transition. We've not seen final rates here for the program. We are cautiously optimistic that they'll be adequately funded. We will maintain the option not to participate in the event that the funding is not sound.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Matt, our outlook does assume that the flu does have an elevated impact to us over normal expectations at this point, primarily on the AGP business, the Medicaid business. In the [ph] commercial front, we haven't seen much of an impact. We said earlier at the JPMorgan conference, about $0.02 impact to our earnings in the fourth quarter, and it panned out because of that $0.02 impact in terms of above normal. So in general, I would say that our outlook does reflect that, and our medical cost trend does reflect that as well.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, Matt. I would say that of the membership decline that we're forecasting for the year, about 1/2 of it is in the ASO. I'm going to let Ken comment on that in just a minute of what we're seeing there. And the other half in the fully-insured book, and I wouldn't say that, that half does reflect our pricing discipline around our Small Group business that we expect to maintain. It also does reflect the fact that we do expect minimal sales in the back half of the year in the individual book, as people prepare themselves for the exchanges. We think that's a prudent position to take both in pricing and assumptions around exchange behaviors at this point in time. And it may prove to be conservative, but again, we believe it's prudent. Ken is going to comment on the ASO activity because that affects us on 1/1 [ph].
Wayne S. Deveydt: Tom, let me start off with a few items that I can give you at least some quantifications for. First of all, as you did hear in the call, that is correct. The positive underlying operational results we've seen in the back half of the year, we have not reflected that trend continuing into 2013. We hope that proves to be a cautious and conservative view, similar to what we saw in the third quarter, which panned out in the fourth quarter. But for now, that has not been baked in, in terms of the starting point. In terms of Amerigroup, what we would say is we have between $0.20 and $0.25 headwind for integration costs still to occur in 2013. So for modeling purposes, split the difference. But that's about the range we're looking at, in the $0.20 to $0.25 range, that is embedded in our guidance for 2013. We do have $300 million of incremental investments above our normal run rate baked in for both improvements in our Senior business, as well as preparation for the exchanges. And relative to other headwinds which we haven't quantified but we have baked in to our guidance, we have both an impact from what we think an elevated flu would look like. We've baked in an impact for sequestration. And I would say that with the fiscal cliff still looming, we like the opportunity to have as much cash available at our parent. We think opportunities arise if something was to happen and provide a unique M&A opportunities for us in the future. And for that reason, we have back-end loaded our buyback assumptions regarding the capital we plan to deploy primarily to the back half of the year with a majority of that occurring versus historically, as you know, we've done that more straight line or heavier on the front end. So those are the key data points that are fully embedded in our outlook.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Tom, again, I wouldn't site -- I really don't feel comfortable sizing it now. I do want to see these trends continue. I do think it's fair to say though that core underlying earnings in the quarter were even much stronger than reported on a GAAP basis because of the significant amount of onetime items that we covered but have not separately broken out, including severance, the acceleration of some deferred acquisition costs that we believe will go away as part of the Affordable Care Act and other charges. And those have all hit the consumer segment. So you can get a pretty good gauge as to the volume of items that we cover by looking at the Consumer segment performance.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Justin, this is Wayne. I think at this point, again, we're not giving '14 guidance. But clearly, we would expect to see growth in the Medicaid expansion happening in '14, as you heard Dick say, not only the expansion, but the new bids that are going to occur, coupled with the margin improvements we see both in the AGP and probably more importantly, in the WellPoint book of Medicaid. So I think that's clearly an area for growth. The investments we're making in the Senior business are being made with the intention of driving growth in the HMO market and improve star ratings. Again, we did indicate that we think that's about 2 years before we start seeing the full benefits of that, but we may see some of that next year. And obviously, the exchange is an area we fully expect to grow and that's why we're making the investments this year. And in addition, you won't have all the integration costs that we spiked out for you. The $0.20 to $0.25 that we're going to incur in '13 will not occur in '14. So I think there's many areas that we would expect to grow across all of our businesses. The one area that we see as a potential headwind right now is the small group margin and how that actually migrates to exchanges. And we've got a number of strategies to try to maintain that business within the small group, but are also very comfortable moving to the exchanges as we think we're going to have a very good product offering.
Wayne S. Deveydt: And then, Justin, to your broader question, as we indicated, about half of the decline in membership is going to be ASO and half fully insured. So the half that's ASO is all Commercial; and then on the half that's fully insured, it's a combination of disciplined pricing in small group that we're going to maintain throughout the year. And then Medicare will be a component of that, with a little bit of some Individual in there as well.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Christine, yes, what I would tell you is relative to our original expectations, and I'll give some broad parameters what we spoken about before and then try to update those for you. So when we initially announced the transaction, we expected it to be in the mid-teens accretive, including all onetime costs. This stub period, the 8 days, so if you said, so what was the impact for this 8-day period, all in, for all the onetime costs and other items is roughly $0.08. So if you look at it as mid-teens before, you should expect roughly $0.08 better into next year because that was obviously baked in the mid-teens. We still are confident in the mid-teens. We are taking a more cautious view for flu right now, which is why we haven't raised the mid-teens. We are still fully expecting the synergies of at least $50 million. We believe that is very achievable. We think we have line of sight on the full $50 million and hopefully then some, based on what we've seen to date. So I'd say from that perspective, we're feeling very positive. Relative to our assumptions when we announced the transaction, I'd say the top line is coming in better than we had expected, both in membership and in revenue. I'd say our synergies are better than we expected at this point, and our below-the-line debt cost is slightly better than we had modeled. The big item right now is what's the flu going to impact us by, and that's why we're still confident with the at least mid-teen range, but hopefully could do better.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. So Christine, one thing I would say is, I would like to wait till February at our IR day when we give a little more detail here. But what I would say is, you will start seeing improvement immediately in the margins for Medicare this year and substantial improvement. But it's important to recognize that we wanted to invest for the long-term strategy for both the STAR ratings and the HMO positioning. And with that, we're investing $150 million of those earnings incrementally this year. So what you may see in the segment reporting as we go forward is not as much earnings growth. But please keep in mind, we are covering that $150 million of incremental investments. So if you look at that on a run-rate basis, the core earnings are going to improve this year, but then be offset primarily by the investments for this year, but to drive growth beginning really in '14 and '15.
Wayne S. Deveydt: No, Chris. Let me clarify. So the portion of that cost is going to repeat. It's the debt on the AGP earnings. So I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I was referring to what happened in '12. You're referring to '13. In that $0.20 to $0.25 for '13 range, those are the integration costs. We expect those to fade away after '13. As we mentioned when we announced the transaction, at least mid-teens accretion in '13. With those costs going away, you will get growth from that beginning in '14, and then we expected at least $1 accretion by 2015.
Wayne S. Deveydt: No, we will plan to include as part of our normal course of business now. So all of our numbers will include those integration costs being embedded in our numbers.
Wayne S. Deveydt: What I would assume is, we believe we have appropriately reserved for whatever exposures we could have regarding AB 97 at this point in time. We are optimistic that we will get that implemented in an appropriate manner, very similar to governor's proposal, which is more prospectively, but we recognize that we need to take a prudent position around what exposures could exist in terms of how that maybe put forward [ph]. We think our guidance does have that prudent position baked into it.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Not a cash flow perspective because again, in theory, a lot of the cash has already exchanged hands, so what you really just have is whether -- if it's retroactive, we'll have a negative cash flow impact because we'll ultimately have to impact whether those rates get back. I doubt we'll be writing a check. I think it'll be more reflected in the future rates though, so -- but in essence, if it's prospective, we believe we had a prudent posture on this, and there would be potential positive development for us.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. So Josh, let me take a stab at this. First of all, in our 8-K that we filed right before the JPMorgan Conference, we specifically stated off a base of $7.30 to $7.40 that we expect relatively stable adjusted net income for 2013. Obviously, we've outperformed that $7.30 to $7.40, and as John indicated earlier, have not reflected that in our updated guidance. Clearly, if those trends continue, that would prove to be a conservative view. With that in mind, though, we thought it was prudent in light of the elevated flu we're seeing to bake that in. We also thought it was prudent to bake in some level for sequestration, as well as moving the buybacks to be feathered in much slower on the front end of the year, much heavier in the back half of the year because, again, we like the advantages of having dry powder if the fiscal cliff causes a broader concern for the markets and for companies that would be cash constrained, and it gives us unique opportunity. So I would say, our positioning hasn't changed. We've really just come off a stronger base, and I think we've baked in some other items that we think give us a prudent view of things that could go wrong. But hopefully, similar to third quarter, if those don't occur, we could have better-than-expected results.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I would say at this point, Josh, we'll give more details in February around our business segments. The one thing I would highlight, though, is that the impact for Individual regarding exchanges, we don't expect that to have a negative impact for us. We actually expect that to be a net positive impact. It's important to recognize with the 85% MLR for small -- for large group and the 80% for Individual and small group, relative to the Individual business, our margins are already in the 3% to 5% range for Individual. So we're not pushing high-end margins in that book already because of those MLRs. So we don't see a migration from the current Individual books of the exchanges being a headwind at all. In fact, it should be a net tailwind for us. Relative to the small group business, we have said that we would expect for our roughly 2 million members that we would see some margin headwind as those migrate. But I'll let Ken comment on a few of the things we're doing to at least position ourselves for the exchanges and how we're trying to address our small group business.
Wayne S. Deveydt: The only thing I would add, Josh, and we said this publicly is that if you were to look in our entire small group business and model that over a 5-year period, what kind of margin attraction could have. And we said if you were to cut it roughly in half, you could build a headwind of about $400 million. So if you assume the entire business was to migrate and you assumed all margins were to go in half over a 5-year window, that's about the size of the headwinds you would have. Obviously, that would be substantially offset, though, by the exchange buildup that would occur there and the tailwinds we would get from all that new growth.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Scott, I'll let Dick comment on the details of it. But again, I would say that the book of business is growing better-than-expected. The premium is better. We're being strategic in the markets we go after. As you've heard in Florida, I think there's a couple of counties that we're focused on but typical with new business coming in. But all in all, I think those margins are still reasonable, and I'll let Dick comment on what we're seeing right now.
Wayne S. Deveydt: And we're not quantifying at this point in time. I think it's just important to recognize that while we believe we can implement many of these actions, we do believe that a lot of these actions will take some time as we have to do it on a contract-by-contract basis, and we plan to honor our contracts with our providers as written. And so, I think it's not a full-year baked impact. It's more the impact of the time that would take for us to implement all the actions that we would want to put forward.
Wayne S. Deveydt: The only thing I would add, Kevin, to your question is similar to Health Net's transaction, we're having our ongoing discussions with the state. We would expect, just as the state has committed to Health Net, that we would have actuarially sound rates with appropriate margins over time. And we just -- we would prefer to keep those discussions for now with us in the state as we move forward.
Wayne S. Deveydt: No, we had the build-out for the duals, though, in California and we've got, obviously, the delay baked in, so it has a slight negative impact in our guidance because it's been delayed by 3 months because the build-out costs don't go away. They maintained and yet now, the revenues start 3 months later. So we have a slight delay in our guidance -- a slight delay in the rollout, and that puts a slight impact on our earnings. But it wasn't expected to have a huge earnings impact in the current year anyway since the build-out costs occur regardless of the start date.
Wayne S. Deveydt: At this point, I think it's premature to be able to answer that. I think it will important at the IR Day in February that you can see the details of these investments and why we're investing where we're investing. But clearly, I think we would say, we would expect some of that to not recur. I think that's a very fair statement and provide some tailwinds to us. At the same time, though, depending on the pace of the duals and how those rollout, depending on the role the state would like us to play on exchanges and we're hoping it will play a bigger role with our states. I mean, there could be other items, but if there are other items, we will need to show you the revenue and the growth attributed to those investments. So for now, I would expect some of it, though, to be non-run rate and that we would get some of that back. But if it is spent, we'll give you line of sight at least around why we're investing and where.
Kenneth R. Goulet: Matthew, I'll just say that similar to the first half of the year, the market is competitive but rational overall. The -- on the ASO front, we had some legacy pricing decisions from 2011, and we went into this year saying that we would have a negative impact because of groups that decide [ph] that far back. In the second half of the year, we had a very strong value prop on total health management, our current and future savings, our consumer engagement and future vision. And we actually had a pretty good sales season, but we went in with a headwind that was pretty large on the national ASO. I would also highlight on the fully-insured, a part of it is still that the final exit of a number of products in the New York marketplace which had a fairly substantial impact this year and will have a 50,000-or-so fully-insured life impact in 2013.
Kenneth R. Goulet: Josh, when we look at the business going forward, there'll be some margin reduction on the small group business, as Wayne stated, but we see this as a very good opportunity as well and an opportunity for top line growth. We do -- we've done a tremendous amount of consumer research on exchanges and are working with their regulators in all 14 states. While we feel that, really, the underlying economic constructs and the structure in each state will drive our decision, whether we participate or not, we're going in with a very positive attitude and feel that we have some great assets to be able to grow our business when we get into 2014. So we do see small group, as Wayne said, will be the area that will have the challenge. And we do feel that, over time, it will be more than offset with the opportunities we have in the exchanges and the growth, both top line and overall EBITDA growth, that we'll have as we grow our overall base.
Kenneth R. Goulet: We're going in with the assumption that we'll participate in anywhere it economically makes sense. So we are preparing. We're working with our regulators in each market. It ultimately does come down to a decision on how we work with our regulators, but we do anticipate using our advantages in all markets.
Kenneth R. Goulet: It's -- so far, it's been rational. And the impact to the Affordable Care Act, including the insurer fee, comes into play more as we head into the second half of the year, as the pricing the membership carries more into 2014 and therefore, has to be covered. It's probably important to say that our pricing for 2013 is about 75% baked right now, meaning the vast majority of the member months are already priced for. So there is -- we do feel that in most states, we've seen our -- the market as a whole price the ACA fee in because it's appropriate. It has not created a competitive disadvantage or a disjoint at this point, but it will be a market-by-market, region-by-region area. But I would go back to over 3/4 of our member months, pricing is already baked in for 2013.
Kenneth R. Goulet: David, it's Ken. We don't think it will be an avalanche early on. We think that it will be moderate changes. It will primarily start in the small group market, and we feel that there'll be groups going on both that have coverage and will be transitioning to move over, and then there'll be a very significant portion of the market right now that isn't covered. As you know, the offer rates in small group are below 50% right now, so there'll be a lot of others adopting in just additional growth. But we see it in small group, in the lower income groups that would see the subsidies being an advantage. And right now, I think the market is assessing and evaluating on a state-by-state basis. A lot will depend on the marketing efforts by the states for their marketplaces and how we tie into it. But I'm not -- it will not be an avalanche. It will not grow very fast in the large group, and it will just transition over time, as Wayne said.
Richard C. Zoretic: Sure. Well, thanks for the question. We're actually pretty pleased with the results in Florida on the long-term care rebid. We won 2 counties, but we only bid 3. And the reason why we only bid 3 counties is because the -- we thought the underwriting was fairly tight that the state and their actuary provided. The target loss ratio on the underwriting was in the neighborhood of 93% to 95%, depending on the region that we were looking at, and there were 11 regions, as you may know. And in looking at the regions, we identified 3 regions where we thought we could make a modest margin. And principally, it was because we already had assets on the ground in the number of those regions, and we felt like the underwriting was not quite as tight in those regions. We certainly felt had we bid more regions, that we could have been successful in a larger number of regions. But quite frankly, we were concerned that if we bid all 11 regions in 1, the majority of what we bid, we would end up with a large book of revenue. And we were a little bit concerned that if that revenue or that business rather didn't run well, that, that could produce material losses, so we bid conservatively intentionally. We felt that we can make money in the regions that we bid. And if by chance those regions did not perform well, that it wouldn't result in large losses for the organization. So all in all, we took a disciplined approach to bid. We bid conservatively, and we were pleased with what we won. Relative to the longer range opportunities, we think there's still very significant in Medicaid. We expect a number of our larger states to be rebid over the course of the next year or so, notably Florida, Georgia, Tennessee. And while there's always risk with a rebid, we think there's more upside than down in each of those markets because of our competitive positioning. We continue to track a number of new business opportunities in states that we're not in, so we see growth continuing to come from new markets. Speaking broadly, as I think everybody knows, the Medicaid program is still relatively under-penetrated from the managed care standpoint. There's close to half of the Medicaid beneficiaries in managed care programs today, but less than 1/4 of the overall Medicaid spending is in managed care with the lion's share of the ABD and long-term care spending in Medicaid still not in managed care, so we see significant growth opportunities in that market segment. I think everybody is aware of the significant dual opportunities that exist, dual eligible opportunities. We're tracking opportunities in about 6 key states right now that we believe will go live in 2014, and we think our chances of winning in those markets is quite good. And then, of course, health care reform will bring -- should bring Medicaid expansion in a number of markets in 2014. We recognize that there's a number of governors, particularly in Republican states, who have said that they're not going to expand, but we also have a number of Democratic states that have stated that they will expand. And we think in the long run, the economic benefit to the states will be such that most states will eventually expand Medicaid and we'll see significant growth not just in 2014, but beyond in the space. So when you aggregate all of that, we think there's enormous potential for continued growth from a top line perspective over the course of the next 2, 3, 4 years. And then I should mention that we have a lot of activity underway right now in 2013, designed to improve the margins on our existing book. So from an earnings growth standpoint, we would expect that in '14 and beyond, we should start to see the benefit of those activities. So we see a lot of top line growth. We also see margin improvement, and that should drive a lot of incremental earnings growth for the enterprise in the years ahead.
Richard C. Zoretic: Well, in general, we believe that the tax will ultimately make its way into the rating process. It is a legitimate expense. The rates need to be actuarially sound. Certainly, the industry's position is that the tax needs to be accounted for in the rating process. And so overall, I would say, that is our expectation. What exactly results state to state, I think we're just going to have to wait and see. So I don't think it's -- I think it would be premature to declare victory on that issue just yet. But overall, I think we're cautiously optimistic.
Richard C. Zoretic: Yes, not to go too much beyond that, but as you know, we had a lot of new business in 2012. I think our revenue as an independent company grew by something like 40%. A lot of that new business came from Texas. We entered the new State of Louisiana, a much smaller new state in the middle of the year at Washington and our loss ratio in some portions of Texas, principally the rural market as well as El Paso, was elevated and continues to be elevated, and our loss ratio in Louisiana is elevated from our original expectations as well. So overall, our MLR as a business is somewhat above where we thought it would be this time last year. But that's not uncommon. I mean, new business often comes in a little hotter than expected. We're doing usual things that you would expect that we always did in the past in terms of re-contracting and medical management initiatives, and we're also engaged in pretty heavy dialogue with the states relative to rate adequacy. We think a lot of this new business was underwritten pretty aggressively by the states. And so in the long run, we're optimistic this business is going to run as our business ran historically, but it's going to take a little time. We've got to let our initiatives take hold, and ultimately, we're going to have to get some help from the states in terms of rates. But we're confident in the end we'll get that. We've got to -- in particular, we have a strong track record in Texas, not only in terms of executing well as a team, but also in terms of the state being responsive from a rating standpoint. So it's going to take a little longer than we thought. We're probably going to feel some of that impact in 2013, but I think we'll get there eventually.
