Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Good morning, Lance. Thank you for the question. In terms of – we are pleased with some of the progress that we're making as you saw in terms of our self-funded revenue. A couple of the areas, in particular, we have had a focus around adding some of our clinical programs as well as our specialty, so dental life. Part of what you're not seeing is in the penetration rate because a lot of our specialty products were tied to our individual business, so that overall is down, but we actually have seen a nice progress in sales of those specialty. Again, in terms of strategies, I'm going to ask Pete Haytaian who leads that business to give you a little bit of insight, but it's been an area of focus in a couple of areas. Structure, we've put some very specific structures in place around our segments. We've added additional leadership and talent to that area, and as part of that we're seeing that come through in the first quarter as well as the second and we would expect to see ongoing momentum. But let me ask Pete to give you a little bit more color on that as well.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Ana. There's a number of questions in there and let me start and, again, I'll ask Pete to share a little bit more color. First in terms of growth, as I shared, we have made a number of changes inside of our Commercial organization and we expect those to start taking hold, as I would say, over the next few quarters. Those take a little bit of time to implement. But each of our markets is very different. Our Commercial markets, as you know, we operate in 14 markets and I would tell you that we expect to see improvements because of the improved focus on sales execution, our value story across the board in small and large groups. In terms of which specific competitors, they are all different in each of our markets. So, I'm not going to point to a specific one because we compete differentially, for example, in small group and Individual versus different competitors in each market. We are staying very disciplined to pricing, so let me start with that in terms of your margin question. Overall, our margins, we have had also a focus on buy-ups inside of our fully insured as well as self-funded. Some of the things that I shared with you on the very first question have also helped drive our margins. But overall pricing, we've stay disciplined. I think we've always had a very consistent underwriting function and we continue to have that. But with that, let me ask Pete maybe to share some additional insight into some of the strategies that are going into the marketplace and some of the different product offerings, because that is one of the areas that we focused on and expect to see some improvement.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Thank you. And, Ana, I think you can see from Pete's comments, it's a pretty comprehensive focus on execution around each of the levers and so, obviously, we think we're going to see some nice momentum. Next question, please.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Thanks, Justin. Let me begin and then I'll turn it over to John. I think a couple questions around footprint. I know you asked about Medicare Advantage and I think you slipped in individual exchanges too, so I'll try to address both. First on the individual exchanges, we are not looking to rescale the business, first and foremost, but we do – we are very pleased with the participation we've had this year and the results of that. And I think our team has done an excellent job of identifying the markets where it makes sense, where we think that we've got a stable presence and offering. As we go into 2019, while no decisions are final yet, we are assessing that. I think you'll see some county expansions, but I think more focused on the areas that we've been this year, so not a major rescaling, but we are pleased with the performance. And again, it is all about stability and more certainty around that marketplace. But again, this year was solid. In terms of the Medicare Advantage marketplace, as I shared in my opening comments, we have really reconstructed our MA book of business and feel going into 2019 that we have taken a very balanced approach. We think the market is strong. We feel that we can grow deeper in the market that we're in. We do have some geographic expansion. I won't go into the numbers on that, because we think that's competitive. However, we do think we will grow above industry rates. And we do feel that that growth will come from deeper penetration with the strong quality assets that we have in our markets. We feel very good about our positioning and the stability of our benefits and the flexibility that this year's guidance gave us. With that, I'll ask John to comment on your second question.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Sure. Well, thank you for the question. As I shared a few minutes ago, group Medicare is really a market that we identified early that we had historically under invested in both at Anthem and I think quite frankly across the Blue system. As we have improved our individual MA book of business, particularly improving our Stars performance, our operational performance, putting in a team that really understands that business over the last few years and have begun to gain traction in the individual MA business, we turned our attention to the group MA business. We obviously feel we have a very strong pipeline of commercial customers who want to stay Blue. We think that that brand resonates very well in this community. Plus having four plus Star plan that we're able to put our group retiree segment into. And then we recruited an experienced leadership team to lead that over the last year. So as you think about those elements, the scaled infrastructure, a really strong brand, our ability to use our CareMore assets to support and service that business, our ability – we found that now we're able to convert some of those memberships. We've seen some of those groups – rather, we've seen some of that traction already in 2018. And we feel very good about the pipeline and our opportunities that we'll be able to continue that growth into 2019 and beyond. So we're very bullish about group MA. And again, it's because we have known many of these customers throughout their lives. I mean, we've had them for 20, 30 years. And that's a wonderful pipeline that we just have under invested in in the past. So it's an area of focus and talent for us right now, so we would expect to see some significant traction. Next question, please.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Well, good morning, Sarah. I think there is, again, a couple questions embedded. First and foremost, as you know, we're standing up IngenioRx for effective, 1/1/2020. And as part of that, while we are in the market now, so I guess I would say, it's not – we're not completely converted of our own business yet. But as you think about, we've talked about some of the things that we're selling in the industry to other Blues like our Medicaid partnerships. And we've been able to do that very well by customizing, but still leveraging our scale. And in the PBM business, with IngenioRx, our early conversations I think demonstrate that we can do the same thing, that we are pretty confident in that we're standing up a PBM with very, very strong economics. That we're also standing it up and we don't basically have the old model PBM. We can integrate pharmacy, behavioral, some of the social determinant issues, as well as medical. And as we've looked at some of the things that are out in the marketplace right now, we're pretty confident that we have an ability to meet – at least meet or beat many of the numbers that have been put out there because again, we see it as part of our continued strategy of whole health management. And to your specific question around scale and customization, given the flexibility of what we've been able to build, we feel pretty confident that we have the right amount of flexibility for the clients that we're talking to and be able to serve their needs. But again, this is a deep integration story as well. And we already have products that do some of that for Anthem itself, and we're looking to be able to scale those to others. Next question, please.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Ralph. In terms of our overall guidance, we did lower it by 200,000 at the risk membership, but that still implies growth of 375,000 to 475,000 in the back half of the year. As John shared with you and I did in my remarks, we know that we're bringing on Minnesota in our Medicaid alliance later this year. We do expect some growth in our group Medicare. We also know that our Individual business will still have some attrition as is typical in that business in the back half of the year. As we think of the overall rest of our Commercial group business, we would expect that to be flat to fairly modest growth. So that's how we're thinking about all of those pieces. In terms of the marketplace itself, maybe, Pete can make – give you some color and commentary on the marketplace, where we kind of expect to see opportunities.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Thanks for the question. In terms of where most of those are, many of them are Blue Cross Blue Shield commercial customers. So, yes, that is the majority of them, although we are quoting on some customers that are not currently, some of those we're picking up from some of our competitors as well. So I think it's a bit of a mix. But our opportunity is clearly inside of our own commercial book. Thank you. Next question, please.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Well, thank you for the question, Steve. I mean, I'll go back to what I said and we've been a very disciplined pricer, so I don't think anything has changed in our approach. And then secondarily, we've been able to successfully bring through a number of buy-ups. So those two factors have really had an impact on I think our overall PMPM rates inside the market. Next question, please.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Good question, Josh. Let me start and then I'll ask Felicia Norwood to comment on Medicaid a little bit. In terms of your question on what are we doing, we have an intense focus across the company on cost of care. And I would point to pretty much everything that you mentioned. First and foremost, we do lead the industry in integrated care arrangements, so we have had a long history of incenting primary care, in particular in our local markets where we do have significant volume to basically help us manage that cost of care effectively. Secondarily, we do use AIM, in particular, to help us on radiology, oncology, all of those management of specialty services and they've done a very nice job helping us mitigate trend. Third, we look – across our network, we have had an industry leading unit cost perspective, but we're also looking to ensure things like Enhanced Personal Health Care, which I've shared before. We've seen some strong results and that's not just from the programs, we also deploy staff in our local markets to help those practices more effectively manage and integrate. And the last thing that I guess I will point to, actually two things. We have an integrated patient record and it ties to the whole health that I answered the question a little bit about on pharmacy, whereas we've been working on integrating pharmacy, behavioral, dental, vision, with an integrated patient record and I think that has helped. So, the combination of our deep market presence, we're able to deploy individuals into the marketplace and then our provider value-based arrangements are more impactful and that again goes to many of the – the reason why we don't feel we have to own primary care that we can actually drive this differential cost of care by putting those programs into the market. With that, I'm going to ask Felicia to comment a little bit on the Medicaid enrollment.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Thank you for the question. Actually we're quite opportunistic in terms of M&A in this space. And so I think it's more of a focus on where we think the growth can come from most immediately. As things arise, we certainly are interested in those type of opportunities. But we think given what we have right now, our footprint, again, our strong Stars ratings, our strong quality, our strong medical cost management and I think very, very good benefit offerings, that we can grow and get deeper in those markets. So we do believe that there's significant growth opportunities in the states where we already have a presence and then some geographic expansion in counties around there. The other opportunity that we have that we haven't talked quite as much about is the opportunity in the dual-eligible population. So we have an opportunity actually to do well in that. We do sell all year as you heard across our industry-leading Medicaid platform as well as Medicare. So we see growth coming from that arena as well. And then I would like to point to our Aspire acquisition, because I think that's a great example of the capability that helps us support the Medicare Advantage population, a leading capability that we think we can leverage. So as you think about where our interests lie, we're quite opportunistic. And we are looking at capabilities that help support and drive cost of care and quality in those marketplaces. Thank you. Next question, please.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Well, certainly having stability and certainty and understanding kind of what the marketplace – we're doing renewals for 2020 beginning obviously in February of 2019. So the sooner we have a good, clear picture of the cost structure and where the health insurers tax is going to be I think helps in terms of our pricing and passing that tax through. In terms of benefit plan and design, affordability is a dominant issue for employers. It's something that we focus on very much. So obviously, not having to pass the health insurers tax provides for greater stability and greater affordability for employers. And we think that's important overall. Thank you. Next question, please.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Thank you for the question. Well, let me begin first and foremost that we are very focused on reducing net overall drug prices. I think that really is the goal. It's the goal of the industry and it's certainly our goal as we launch IngenioRx. In terms of the value proposition that we've laid out, the $4 billion of gross savings with 20% falling to the bottom line, we are very confident in that, feel it's a prudent number and do not see that changing. But again, we're very supportive of anything as we build this new generation, next-generation PBM of really getting to lowest net cost. And I think that's what's really important. We're not building this based on a rebate model, but we are building it based on a net lowest cost value model. And again, we are very supportive, but we want to ensure that everything that gets implemented really does result in lower cost for consumers. And so that really is our focus with IngenioRx. Thank you. Next question, please.
Gail Koziara Boudreaux: Well, great. Thank you very much, and we're pleased that we were able to get through the questions. Thank you for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. As we look ahead, Anthem remains focused on improving the quality and value of the health care solutions we bring to our members, while at the same time delivering on the commitments we make to our shareholders. I want to thank all of our Anthem associates for living our values each and every day as we endeavor to deliver on the promises that we make to our stakeholders. Thank you for your interest in Anthem and I look forward to speaking with you at future events.
Peter D. Haytaian: Yeah, thanks for the question. I agree with everything that Gail said. I think we have a tremendous opportunity with respect to improving our specialty penetration rates. As we have said before, relative to the competition, we are not performing as well and there's just tremendous opportunity to improve that. I think what Gail has said is really the most important point and that is our focus on building out the infrastructure for this, so we've hired talent; we're making investment in the specialty organization. We feel very confident that we have the products and the services and the pricing in a place where it makes a lot of sense right now and it's how that then connects with our segment strategy and making sure we're driving sales down into the market. In addition to that, we're very focused on improvements from a broker perspective and providing tools and engagements for the brokers to be able to more effectively upsell. So we think there's a tremendous opportunity to continue to sell clinical programs and our specialty products into our existing book and we are seeing really good progress in that regard.
Peter D. Haytaian: Yeah, Ana, thanks for the question. To be more specific about, I think your first question was on progress and how we're doing against our strategy. So, I put it in the following categories. First, with respect to the segment strategy, I think we're down a really good path and we are very much focused on ensuring that we have the right leadership in each one of the segments, and we completed that over the last 60 days. In addition to that, I call them centers of excellence, very much focused on building the infrastructure for sales execution, having the appropriate reporting and the execution downstream both in the markets, but also coordinated with our centralized organization. We've hired strong leadership in that regard that has been there and done that in other large organizations. We've also made a lot of progress with respect to products and product options. And then with respect to underwriting, building an infrastructure that's more agile, back to the point that Gail made. The point here is that we need to be more agile. We need to be able to offer products, services and connect those with the right networks in a more expeditious and agile way. And so we're seeing really good progress in building that out. I'd also say with respect to the way we're manufacturing products, we call it product modularization, but this is really the concept of how we build products internally, so being able to do that more effectively and efficiently, and then how products are chosen in the marketplace through digital capabilities and allowing brokers and employers to make choices on products and networks more effectively. And then finally, I mentioned it before, but how we're engaging with brokers. We're seeing really good progress on how we're servicing brokers. So we've taken that and really focused on centralizing that to a greater degree for better execution and then the tools and services that they're utilizing out in the marketplace and enabling them to a better degree. So, all that, we're seeing really good progress. I think we'll see momentum in the back half of the year. I think a reasonable proof point when you, sort of, look at all that is what we've done with the group retiree business. I mean, that is a segment where we started this a little bit earlier. And as you've seen, we had some nice sales in July and I think we're going to continue to see momentum in that segment. So hopefully that's representative of what we'll see in the other segments in the near-term.
Peter D. Haytaian: Yeah. I mean, I – without speaking about particular markets, I think what Gail touched upon before, every market is different. We have different competitors and markets. We believe with the strategy that we're deploying and the higher level of execution and the product options that we're talking about, we can take share. And we're beginning, like I said, to see that momentum and we feel confident that going into 2019 we can do that, Ralph. So I wouldn't talk about a particular geography or product, but feel confident that we're going to see momentum going into 2019.
Peter D. Haytaian: Yeah. In terms of – you're correct that we really don't provide some level of specificity of the questions that we get asked. But in terms of the risk adjusters, we've got the information from CMS a few weeks ago as everyone else did. It was exactly line with our expectations. We clearly understand the marketplace and have projected out what we thought the final true-ups would be, and they were very, very much in line. We are a significant risk adjuster receiver with approximately $520 million that we're entitled to now and feel very good that we're going to get that cash with what came out of CMS last night. In terms of the – and, of course, that's all based on 2017, which is significantly a larger footprint than we have in 2018. In 2018, we still expect to be a risk adjuster receiver, but when your footprint has been reduced by over 55%, obviously the magnitude and dynamics of that goes down significantly. But we're still very comfortable with our approach and think our strategy is playing out extremely well.
John E. Gallina: Hi. Good morning, A.J., and thank you for the question. As you indicated in your question, you essentially answered the question associated with the seasonality issues and the fact that our Individual business, as everyone knows, we reduced our footprint in the ACA-compliant marketplace by over 55% year-over-year and that clearly is changing the trajectory of MLR on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Anyway, if you just look at the overall mix of our fully insured business, we acquired America's 1st Choice in February, we acquired HealthSun back in December, and those have a slightly different seasonality pattern from what we had a year ago in terms of adding all those Medicare Advantage lives along with all the double-digit organic Medicare advantage growth that we had. So it's all those things combined, but the single biggest factor, as you pointed out, is the Individual marketplace.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, thank you, Gail, and, Justin, good morning. In terms of the tax rate, we did raise the guidance at the midpoint basically by taking up the lower end of the range. Our tax rate for the quarter is still within the range that we provided, in the guidance we provided at the beginning of the year, although closer to the higher end. We're certainly very proactive in terms of our approach to tax planning. Our tax rate is still low relative to our peer group. But in terms of where we are, there's multiple factors that go into the rate in terms of where do we make our money? Some municipalities are premium tax, some are income tax. So based on where the money is earned can change the tax rate. We have things, like fine-tuning the HIF, in terms of the adjustments on that, impacts primary differences and impacts the tax rate. So we've refined all these things. We think the tax rate that we have laid out there is very appropriate for 2018. And then in regards to 2019, 2019, the health insurer fee goes away. As we all know, that's a non-deductible fee which increases the effective tax rate significantly. So in 2019, our effective tax rate will be much closer to the statutory tax rate than it is now.
John E. Gallina: Yeah. Hi, Kevin. Thank you for the question. In terms of our Medicare Advantage margin profile, we continue to be within our target margin range. And quite honestly, we even have some five Star plans in the marketplace that we're deploying that really is helping and allowing us to market year around. In terms of how long it takes, a lot of it depends on if it's a new member or an existing member from another carrier in terms of the management opportunities, the medical management or various other cost of care type things that we might do to ensure that the quality scores are there. If it's a new member, it certainly is going to take into the second year in order to starting to achieve target margins. But if it's an existing member, we can get there much more quickly.
John E. Gallina: Yeah. Hi, Gary. Thank you for the question. And some of the same explanations that I provided for the sequential decline are the exact same explanations for the year-over-year. The days in claims payable is an interesting metric. It's sometimes a metric that's impacted just by the math of the calculation, while other times it's impacted by operational or business issues. And clearly, we have both going on in the second quarter here in 2018. So I do want to just spend a moment on the timing of the America's 1st Choice acquisition and just how significant that is to the math of the calculation. So we acquired America's 1st Choice in late February and had, in the first quarter, only just over 30 days of benefit expense. We had had the entire reserves associated with 135,000 Medicare Advantage lives in our quarter end reserves. And then in the second quarter, it's 90 days of benefit expense, with a very consistent reserve level. So that in and of itself is a significant driver. It's also impacting year-over-year as well. And then the operational improvements, things like, we continue to be very focused on systems consolidation. As people know, we're improving our EDI rates, we're improving our auto adjudication rates. We're being more efficient and effective. We believe that there will be additional SG&A saves in the future associated with this. But all that provides faster throughput and then continues to lower the days in claims payable balance. So it's very operational, very strategic quite honestly in doing that. But I guess at the end of everything, what I will say is that our reserves are calculated very consistent and very strong and very conservatively year-over-year.
