Joseph R. Swedish: Thanks, Justin. This is Joe. Let me briefly comment on that. As you may recall, the advanced notice occurred in January, which projected a cut of about 8%. And the final rule came out on the heels of my arrival in late March, and it stated that it would improve to about a negative 3%. We've looked at that very carefully and, in particular, related to the new risk adjustment model, which we believe on average will impact our rates by an additional negative 2%. So the risk adjustment change will have an even greater impact on those plans serving the most frail elderly. So we've kind of looked at it related to our strategy. And let me just share with you that we are evaluating this part of our business portfolio in front of our June bids. We're also looking at our $150 million investment that we have made public. And I think Wayne has commented on that in his remarks. We believe that, that investment is flexible as we're taking some time to more closely examine where we might better spend the $150 million within that space. The risk coding change probably has less impact on our Blue business, which accounts roughly 90% of our MA book. This is clearly one example of how the funding challenges can impact access and quality and ties back to my earlier comments about the need to address affordability across all markets. One additional maybe a little kind of reflection I can give you that I've keyed in on is that I recall back in January, we did share with you that we accounted for the sequestration exposure, which I believe is something on the order of about a less than $50 million amount that has been baked into our '13 performance. And so we believe we're fully accounted for there. And so we continue to examine this very carefully and believe we can create some accommodations to adjust accordingly.
Joseph R. Swedish: Well, first of all, it's certainly going to have an impact at a greater rate than the rest of the book. Our expectation is probably approaching in excess of the 5% hit. So I don't know, Wayne, you may want to talk on a specific level about that.
Joseph R. Swedish: Great. Thanks, A.J. Well, let me emphasize. We continue to work very actively to prepare for that October 1 open enrollment period. As you noted, we've been in some very deep analysis of how it might roll out and then how to best develop our portfolio of products for the exchange market. So I think we're really ahead of the game, and I've been very impressed with the commitment that we've made to the analytics. We have substantially completed the exchange base product design and pricing development work. We've signed contracts with the majority of our providers across our markets. We feel very good about that. We continue to believe our brand name strength and unit cost advantages position us well to achieve meaningful growth related to the exchanges over time. And obviously, related to risk, the timing of the new growth and our related investments are going to be influenced by the pace in which the exchanges ultimately roll out in the underlying regulatory framework in each of the markets. We do believe that half the states are expected to use federal fallback exchange. Others are expected to use some form of state-based models. And so, basically, we continue to focus on competing the exchanges in all of our Blue markets, but obviously can't fully commit until we know the rates and regulations as they evolve, and particularly, as we get closer to implementation.
Joseph R. Swedish: It's too early to provide membership estimates for '14. It has a lot to do with the fluidity of state positioning on Medicaid expansion. We expect states to continue to evaluate the benefits of the expansion as we move throughout this year. So obviously, were looking very, very carefully for these signals. We believe we're very well-positioned to gain meaningful new Medicaid membership in '14 and beyond from eligibility expansion. I think it's worthwhile to note that states are going to have flexibility to participate in the expansion after 1/1/'14 should they choose to do so at a later date.
Joseph R. Swedish: Matt, this is Joe. My sense is that the answer is no, nothing has changed in terms of where we were in January, notwithstanding the MA dialogue we've just had with you. So I can give you, I guess, the quick response on that. I don't know, Wayne, if you want to add any color to that brief statement.
Joseph R. Swedish: Maybe I can step to a higher altitude, looking at this from a strategic perspective. As we've said, we believe there's a significant improvement and opportunity in our Medicare business over the next 5 years, which reflects potential improvement in the Blue MA business, as well as the maturation of our CareMore expansion. We're in the process of reexamining that outlook for sure as we prepare for the upcoming bid submissions in June. And so while the absolute opportunity may not be as robust at this stage, given some of the comments that have just been delivered, we continue to believe there's a potential to both increase volume and improve our MA margins over time, particularly as we continue to emphasize our HMO products.
Joseph R. Swedish: Let me take a shot at it. Obviously, since I arrived, I've been spending a lot of time with the team, and they've been at it for quite a long period of time. What has struck me and certainly all of you commented on, it's a significant part of our book regarding the individuals and small group. And so as I look at it, I really reflect on the reality that I think our performance is kind of we represent somewhat of a bell cow in terms of the leadership that we'll probably administer in this space. In terms of competition, I think we're focused on our own product and portfolio of development. My sense is, as I said earlier, I really like our chances, especially given the analytics we've gone through over recent months and our continued positioning going into later this year, as regs and rates become clear in the markets that we're going to compete in. One other observation, I may have said it earlier, we certainly have desire to be in all of our Blue markets. However, we're definitely looking very carefully at that as the markets evolve, and we're going to reserve judgment as to exactly how, where and how much that may occur based on those characteristics market by market.
Joseph R. Swedish: I think it's a little too early to opine on that for a variety of reasons. And I think our sense is that because the timing of this remains so uncertain, we're kind of like letting some period of time evolve this year to better understand the play in the small group space. And even so, with some of the delays that have been announced, I think we'll have the ability to get clear and crisper insight in the small group migration as the year progress. I think the issues of cost and affordability is key regardless of the pace. So there are a lot of moving parts here. And so we're going into this eyes wide open regarding the small group space.
Joseph R. Swedish: Well, thank you for your questions and participating on the call today. In closing, we're pleased with our first quarter results. I'm impressed by the way in which our associates have delivered in a challenging environment during a period of some uncertainty. As I look ahead to the coming changes, there will be challenges and opportunities that I believe we are well positioned that will help drive access and affordability and expand our role as a trusted partner advancing solutions to this country's health care challenges. I want to thank everybody for participating on our call this morning, and I'm looking forward to meeting many of you in person in the very near future. Operator, please provide the call replay instructions.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, Justin, the one item that we're still evaluating is how we could respond to the impact of the hit. Obviously, there's been a lot of initiatives even when the final rule came out to see if there was still some opportunities to influence that rating environment. We think, at this point in time, any changes would be more of a reflection of the rate environment in 2015, not what we're going to deal within '14. So I think as Joe said, I think many individuals are viewing the industry cut as closer to 3. But when you think about risk coding, the average cut is going to be closer to 5. And then when you look at those organizations that really focus on the most frail members with the most chronic conditions, we think it's well north of that, so -- and meaningfully north of that. So from our perspective, I guess the good news is it's only 10% of our book, but it's a real challenge to those members that really need this care management more than anybody else. And it's on the backs of the largest cuts that we're going to see out there. So we'll adjust our model accordingly. I think, as Joe said, the $150 million was a combination of how to invest more into this frail management model, as well as other ways to start the growth model engine and get it reinvigorated. And we're going to have to look at that in light of those larger cuts.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, so just in relative to are we targeting EPS growth? I think the answer is we're always targeting EPS growth. And I'd say we'd like to build plans that continue to target for EPS growth. But I think to Joe's comments, 2 things. One is how do we finish this year is very relevant. It's hard for me to say what we're targeting until I know how we finish this year. As you know, we started our quarter quite strong and are optimistic at this point but prudent in our outlook. And two is some of these unknowns that Joe just highlighted, we'd like to get a little more clarity before we put our stake in the ground. But I'd say, it's our goal to target growth but more to come.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, thanks, Joe. To elaborate in on, so are we learning anything new? The short answer is yes. We did not bake into those orders that Joe quoted any assumption for improvement in the WellPoint book over time. And I think as Dick and the team got a chance to really dig in, one of the things we looked at is that the margins versus our Amerigroup brethren and versus our historical margins are significantly divergent from each other. And just a 1% improvement in margins for us is worth over $100 million of EBIT to our shareholders. And so one of the things we are doing is starting to reallocate some of the investment dollars we committed to this year to shift a few of those dollars to our Medicaid book to start those investments to drive that EBIT growth. So we were hopeful that will create a different tailwind for us to offset maybe some of the headwinds that Joe highlighted. The other thing I would highlight is on your question, Tom, regarding the dual rates and other items. We did receive rates last evening, after hours. And with that being said, we basically started looking at them this morning. So I don't have any comments on the adequacy of rates at this point, I -- beyond just that we've got them and we need some time to assess them and evaluate them. But we're hopeful that they'll be appropriate and adequate for a sustainable program for the long term. And then, relative to the broader Medicaid, Medi-Cal in particular, in California, we continue to work with them on not only the expansion and the rates needed within the expansion, but also talk to them about the ABD population, which is one specifically we're focused on, on ensuring that we get appropriate rate adequacy. But we have not, for lack of a better phrase, struck a deal yet. We're just trying to make sure that we create a long-term sustainable model for both the state, the beneficiaries of that program and WellPoint shareholders.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I'm cautiously optimistic, Tom. I think that Health Net had a similar announcement, that they've talked about publicly in their contracting. And I think for us, we'd like to ensure that we're mutually at risk for the performance of this book. We think ultimately, we have to be ready to serve this population. So...
Wayne S. Deveydt: A.J., one thing I would add to Joe's comment too is that when you typically roll out a new program, you, in some cases for Medicaid, either breakeven or loss a little bit of money. But in the case of expansion, our upfront build out costs have already occurred. So in essence, we are able to leverage our current infrastructure and G&A structure. So we think there's a reasonable possibility that this membership will potentially be profitable on day 1, albeit at a lower margin than what we have because it's still going from a very unmanaged care environment to a managed care environment. But we also think the benefits of how we're positioned already and the G&A infrastructure that already exists actually gives us an offset to that adverse selection you get out of the gate until it becomes more managed.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, Matt. I'll take a stab at it. And it's quite complicated. And I don't mean that to be flippant in the response but simply to say that it very much differs based on plan and product design. And so please understand that our comments are really focused on our view of an industry impact and then a specific view of how we think that industry impact might play out for us. So when we look at the original cuts being in the 8% range, I think all of us, when we saw the final notice, were obviously a little more optimistic in where that would land. And ultimately, it landed in the minus 2% to 3% range, as Joe has commented on. But as we really got into the HCC coding model and what that meant, we saw that it actually would create, in our opinion, an impact of that change is about another 2% on top of that, final rules. And so I think it was a little bit of one item, and until you can get more due diligence on, it was hard to really understand the components. When we look at it relative to WellPoint specifically then, you're looking at a potential impact of around minus 5% for the industry. We think on our Blue MA book, as Joe mentioned, which is about 90% of our book, we think we're going to be a little less impacted versus that 5%. But we think the CareMore plan specifically, which really focuses on the more frail and elderly population, will be disproportionately impacted versus that broad average of around 5%. And granted, while it's only 10% of our book, what we're more focused on is the consumers that are impacted by it and what benefits can we continue to offer for such a steep cut. I hope that answers your question, Matt.
Wayne S. Deveydt: No, I think Joe's comment is it. The short answer is no. I mean, short of the MA, which we need to evaluate, nothing else has really changed from our view. I think we're walking through all the details with Joe, but we remain optimistic on the tailwinds we highlighted. But we've got to manage this. The only thing would be what's the timing of duals. Maybe that might be one item, too. Duals keep getting pushed back a little bit more each time. So that would be something that could change a little bit. But other than that, Matt, no.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I'll try to hit all the questions, a number of them there. Let me start with the geographical one first. I think it's fair to say that we're trying to be focused on our investments where we can drive the greatest value for both the members and our shareholders and leveraging the assets that exists where they're at. So I don't want to give any broad strategy comments away about what markets we're more focused on than others but would simply state that it's important for us to leverage where we believe we can create an advantage to begin to grow in this membership and expand margins. And that has both a product focus as well as a geographic focus for us. Relative to the broader comments on the -- our assessment, again, when we looked at our PPO book, and I think this is really important in the comments, we're trying to give some broad views of what we think can happen. But again, it is going to be so plan and company-specific that you really should not take any commentary from us beyond the WellPoint commentary because that's all we can really speak to. But on the WellPoint specific, looking at our book, looking at how the final codings work on that, we actually think the impact to us on 90% of our book, even though it's heavily on the PPO side, is actually less of an impact than what we'd assumed the average to be for the industry. So from that perspective, I think, logically, it would make sense, Josh, to think about it the way you're thinking about it. But I think it's so specific to your product designs that until you can get to that level of detail, it's hard to have that conclusion ultimately.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I would think so. I would think so. But again, it's also going to be relative to how we position our products for these markets going forward. But yes, Matt, I think that's a fair assessment.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, Chris. Just a couple of comments I'll raise at this point. We're obviously still in the process of continuing to work with our states. The big renewal period for some of our states comes up in October. So far, I would say our states are understanding. They get it. They recognize this is a new cost that the country bears, and that the country bears it with the goal of providing coverage for more individuals broadly. And so, so far, we're cautious but optimistic in our ability to have the fee reimbursed as part of our broader funding. I think the one thing I would continue to highlight though is that the lack of deductibility of the fee is what I think investors need to focus on because I think that's a hard cost for anybody to bear without being more efficient in your G&A. And I think this is where we think as a company, we think we can be successful in passing on the tax, but we think it'll be challenging to completely offset deductibility or lack thereof of that tax without being more efficient in G&A.
