Angela Braly: Clearly, we are working on implementation of healthcare reform and are doing -- deep into the work around pricing for the new products and for 2011. In terms of being more specific though in terms of the range and the impact, we're hesitant to do that for obvious reasons, and we don't want to affect the marketplace in ways that are not going to benefit our members. So I'm not sure that we can give much more detail in terms of pricing trends right now.
Angela Braly: And we have to keep in mind to, Justin, that every customer is coming from a different place and their benefits are different. So when you give these kind of norms, it all depends on where their benefits are and if they hit aging increments and other things.
Angela Braly: And Justin, you were talking about the last six months of this year, we don't put into the guidance prospectively reserve releases and we never have. And also as we look at trends, as we said we are experiencing towards the lower end of the range that we've provided around overall trend. And as you'll remember, the last quarter in particular, by the last six months of the year, more and more each year now reflect more seasonality reflecting kind of the nature of our product designs and as the deductibles wear off, we see kind of more seasonality in the third and fourth quarter. But all of that is planned for in our guidance.
Angela Braly: Let me also add to that. There was a strategic value -- many strategic elements of that transaction but as we are migrating this membership on to the Express Scripts' system, part of the value we get is that they have some capabilities that deal with mail-order, getting the member to lower-cost drugs, working with the member on compliance in terms of their medication regimen. So we're beginning to see the benefits of that as well, and will so even more as the rest of that membership is migrated over to their platform.
Angela Braly: John, I think we need to start thinking about as we get into the reform discussion a couple of things. One, we're going to have this body of membership which is grandfathered. And for the grandfathered membership there are certain changes that went into effect, for healthcare reform will go into effect this fall, on the grandfathered books, but those were fairly minimal. So they're going to be kind of one body of membership. Then we have new products that are being -- will be filed and issued going forward that would be kind of the non-grandfathered healthcare reform provision. And those, obviously, you'll have a different experience and a different pricing base and as we look at increases over time, those will reflect the nature of the benefit. In terms of some of the more explicit provisions around healthcare reform that are coming forward, including additional regulation that are coming forward, we didn't really speak to that specifically. A lot of it still has to be defined and there still is even some more moving parts around the child's only policy or the pre-ex for kids. There's some discussion about additional regulation around that, and so we're still evaluating that guidance. It's difficult for us to speculate on what that means in terms of the impact overall, and we've got to asses what our options are around that business as well.
Angela Braly: I think that is important. I think there's a lot of good work being done right now in evaluating what the consequences of some of these provisions are and really understanding what it means in terms of the sustainability of these products in these markets over time. So we appreciate the guidance there and we need to study it a little bit and study what our options are relative to that.
Angela Braly: Not necessarily, John. So we're going to evaluate that carefully and think about what actions we need to take with respect to that.
Angela Braly: Let me say this because I want to clarify when I was -- it was responding I think to Justin's comment earlier. We're looking at overall trend and we were at eight, plus or minus 50. We are trending in the lower end of that range. But let me turn it over to Ken, since he can speak to some of the commercial experience that we're having and he and Wayne might comment more.
Angela Braly: In terms of experience too, I think you have to keep in mind, we've had higher than kind of a normal run rate at COBRA as a result of unemployment and some of that is beginning to essentially age off because it was subsidized for a period of time. So we're getting to the point where we're seeing that experience from the COBRA membership, and as we go through the rest of the year, some of that we anticipate will be dropping off.
Angela Braly: We do have an important element of what we call our specialty business. So our dental business is growing rapidly, vision, life disability, other kind of ancillary product offerings. We are evaluating all the strategic options as well as geography. We have operations and some other opportunities to expand more globally. So we are considering those issues. We, first and foremost, though, are very focused on serving and satisfying our members and taking care of them and there's a lot of additional value that they could receive from us through expanding the portfolio of offerings that we have available for them.
Angela Braly: I'd say, we talk about the core business as saying the medical insurance business and the non-core business being specialty and other opportunities. So we're expanding our view of non-core growth opportunities as well, and there are many ways in which, synergistic ways, in which our customers would benefit by that expanded relationship.
Angela Braly: I'll let Brian talk a little bit to the experience that we're having across the states. As we commented earlier in the remarks, it's really important to think about this from a long-term perspective and we need a sustainable marketplace. And so I think as these issues continue to be evaluated, people understand the actuarial principles, the dynamics of what the rate need to reflect and I think that's going to find an equilibrium over time.
Angela Braly: And let me just say the small group market is one where we have lots of expertise and in this economy and with the challenges that small groups have, they're really looking carefully at their benefits and we're working with them on whether they should be grandfathered or have other benefit designs. So we're really partnering with them and working together to make sure that they can have benefits that are affordable. I'm going to have to apologize for others who were in the queue and didn't get to ask their questions. We're going to be respectful of the fact that many of you guys might have to get off pretty quickly and I want to thank you all for the questions that you have provided us. In closing, I want to reiterate that we are performing well in 2010, and we do remain confident in the future. Our underlying business is doing well, and we benefited in the quarter from certain non-run rate items that have had a favorable impact on our quarterly results. We are taking a leadership role in our industry and making changes to our business model to enhance the quality of care, while holding down increases in future medical costs and operating expenses in order to further enhance our strong value proposition. We believe we're well-positioned to drive increased value for our current and our future customers and our shareholders. I want to thank everybody for participating on our call this morning, and we're looking forward to speaking with you on our third quarter earnings call that we've currently scheduled for November 3, 2010. Operator, please provide the call replay instructions.
Wayne Deveydt: A couple of things though to give you at least some -- maybe some direction, I think as Angela said, until we get final clarity on some of the rules and regulations, this will be more directional than anything. But I think it's important to recognize that when we look at the commercial book and we consider the age in the 26 lifetime limits going away and preventive care so when you look at those components, we think that will have a low single-digit impact on pricing for next year. When you look at it relative to the fourth quarter, it's lower than that, primarily because of how the rules are actually implemented, meaning that while they go effect in the fourth quarter, many of those do not become effective until the re-enrollment periods. So if you think about the age in the 26 unless you were to turn within that age group in the fourth quarter, you won't be able to enroll for it until the next open enrollment period. The other thing to recognize is that with our commercial book, we generally have a more robust product design. So we generally offer preventive care in a lot of our product designs and so to the extent that we offer that already, we will have less of an impact versus say other competitors that may have had a more skinny-down version of a product that did not have preventive care. So from our perspective, we do not see as much of an impact in the fourth quarter as we do for next year but we think in pricing you're probably looking at low single-digit impact on pricing for next year.
Wayne Deveydt: Justin, I would say that when you look at the change in guidance, it is due to those components that they were reserve development and better performance below the line. I would say the core operations look very solid at this point, which is one of the reasons we raised our cash flow guidance for the year. We are taking a cautious and conservative view for the second half of the year as we wait to see some of the impacts of health reform. We believe we could probably bake that into our guidance. But right now, I would say underlying trends look good. And as it relates to next year, that's really going to vary based on how the final MLR rules are defined at this point. I think in some states we may do a little better. Some a little bit worse. So it's really hard to say at this point until we get more clarity on the rules. But overall trends really have stabilized and in many areas have come down.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes, Josh. This probably won't answer your question clearly. It's a little more complicated than just a percentage decrease. But what I can tell you is that on every product line that we had, whether we were looking at generic drug distribution, specialty drug distribution, retail distribution, mail-order versus non-mail there was a discount that could range from a few percentage points to say mid-single digits across the board. Some cases, it was even higher, but those were on less frequently used drugs. What's interesting though is because overall utilization is down, so we are seeing the savings we expected by drug, but the volume isn't there because of overall utilization being down. So when we're looking at it on a percentage basis though, I don't think it's unreasonable to assume that you're saving mid-single digit range in general relative to previous contracted in terms.
Wayne Deveydt: And John, for those reasons, the numbers I spoke about previously were only the Local Group business. So until we get more clarity on that and what profit designs we have and how we may change those and some more clarity, we are not including anything for the guarantee that she did.
Wayne Deveydt: I think, directionally, yes. Yes, it's going to have an impact. But again we really want to get a little more feedback on the regulations and whether or not -- late last night the provision was added that there may be an open enrollment period. And so we really want to get more clarity around that and what that would impact. But yes, John, I'd say directionally, that's reasonable.
Wayne Deveydt: And John, the one thing I would add is that beyond just the state-sponsored, that Brian is seeing positive in as well, when we look at our FEP business one of the reasons for the change in our revenue guidance as you know is FEP is essentially a cost-plus program and about 40% of that change in the guidance is due to us having overall lower claims experience on FEP which, of course, translates in lower revenue as well.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes, Doug, just want to remind all those on the call that we have approximately $1 billion of debt coming due in January of 2011. So when we look at our working capital, short of us refinancing, and I would fully anticipate that we would be able to refinance the debt. The markets are favorable at this point. But subject to that ability, no, we would not need to maintain $2.8 billion for working capital purposes. We do want to have an opportunity though first to refinance that debt though before we would discuss with our board opportunities on how to deploy that additional excess capital at this point. But ultimately, we like to keep enough cash on hand to cover at least 12 months of interest and principal payment. And outside of that, we have very few requirements at all at the parent level. So we would anticipate meeting with our board later this year to discuss those capital levels.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes, we don't typically break out by segment. The one thing I would say, Tom, is obviously, it's more than what our Individual is. I would highlight though that on the Small Group business, the exposure from the MLR is not as significant at all compared to the Individual. Most of our Small Group already runs a higher MLR. And so I think the bigger issue we wanted to highlight for shareholders is where the concerns might be around Individual but the exposure isn't what many believe it is and we believe we'll be able to manage it.
Wayne Deveydt: It's difficult to answer until we get the final rules around the MLR. I would love to give you more clarity but until we can get further clarity on it, is really a difficult question be able to answer.
Brian Sassi: What Angela was referring to is we're taking a look at basically all aspects including, distributions costs, G&A expenses, obviously, we're working on our product changes to be compliant post 9/23. Not in a position to kind of get ahead of our announcements but one of the components is distribution costs. And so we're looking at that across the board, and we'll be announcing potential changes in some markets later this year to take effect next year. It's not as simple as announcing one thing across the board, because we pay both our internal distribution and external distribution differently in each of our states. And so, we're looking to primarily get alignments, but again, we've been talking with our distribution channel across the country, getting their input. But not in a position to kind of release the details, particularly since a lot of the regulations surrounding MLR are still outstanding.
Brian Sassi: Typically, all of our contracts have a minimum of 30 day. We would at least provide that to our distribution partners. Again, a lot of this is predicated on when we're going to get the MLR final regs.
Brian Sassi: And this is Brian. I agree with what Ken said across most of our business. We are seeing in some of our regions an uptick in individual utilization and trends.
Brian Sassi: We've experienced attrition since the recession began on both our -- on really all of our books of business but it's been predominantly in the small micro group market. Almost a third of the business that we lose is not going to a competitor, but is going through attrition of dropping coverages or transitioning to individual coverages. And the larger group business or multistate national account, it is attributed to layoffs, as well as to off-sourcing. What we saw this month in Small Group was we did have growth for the month overall in membership, and that was because attrition was down. We have been seeing it go down in each of our books of business, but it is still a fairly large negative, whereas 18 months ago, it was a positive month-over-month. So we anticipate as the business turns, we'll see both Small Group and National with increases and it's the Small Group that'll impact our margin.
Brian Sassi: Carl, I'm sure you're well aware, reg-review process has been in place in most of our geographies. So this is kind of a normal course of doing business. I think one of the things that we've learned is that becoming as transparent as possible with the regulators in terms of our rates, what's needed with our rates, following the additional scrutiny in California, we've had a number of inquires across our states, a number have reaffirmed our rates. Others have posted additional questions and we continue to work with the regulators. We anticipate that into 2011, some states are going to look closer, and I think other states have been pleased with our level of rate development and the levels of transparency which we only expect to continue and to get better.
