Joe Swedish: Hey, Justin, good morning. Relative to that range, our bias is to the lower half of that range. It’s important to recognize that we obviously would be closer to the low-end of that range but it would not be [ph] for the incremental cost that we’ve included for our outlook on hep C drugs for the year. So I would say, core trend is running well versus those expectations. And even inclusive of hep C cost, our bias is towards the lower half of that range.
Joe Swedish: Nothing of concern Justin. If you look at the drug script volume that I think many of you have seen, it really commence rates with the volume just coming in from the ACA, both the Medicaid expansion and the exchange live [ph] that are coming in. So nothing surprising there. When we look at our bed days per thousand [ph] as well as the length of stay per thousand by line of business, I would say in all areas, they’re playing well versus expectation.
Joe Swedish: Hey, A.J. good morning. First of all, I really appreciate the question. I think over time probably a more balanced DCP is going to be somewhere in the range of more of 39 to 42 range somewhere in there. The one thing that’s a little bit challenging right now as you can imagine is that, it’s difficult as an industry to really assess where risk adjustments will fall out, where risk orders will fall out. And so, the one thing I want to highlight is well, we think we have a inappropriate level of conservatism for all the unknowns in our DCP, it doesn’t necessarily mean that if in fact, our reserves come in much better than we forecast at this point, then it would all translate to a bottom line drop. And some of that would then affect the risk corridor payment. And then some of that would have to go into our rebate [ph] calculation as well. But all things being said, we’re pleased with the fact that we were able to main our strong DCP levels and actually grow them in 2Q. We think it gives us a lot more flexibility than in our outlook as we continue to evaluate how these things will settle out over the remainder of the year.
Joe Swedish: Hey, A.J. this is Joe, good morning. I appreciate the question. To maybe calibrate, we’re pleased within our exchange enrollment. Just to give you a sense again, as we stated earlier, we’ve added 769,000 lives year to date. And that is net of all lapses as best we can tell at the moment. Clearly as the Europe progresses we’ll be monitoring it very closely. But having said that, what we’ve observed thus far and what we’re expecting is well within our expectations going to year end. It’s still little earlier in the year to figure out exactly we’re going to land. But again, we’re continuing to monitor the haps progression. So that net again, I think we’ve accounted for it, and it’s meeting expectations.
Joe Swedish: Hey, Christine, good morning. In terms of profitability and lapses, I think we would say that the things are panning slightly better than our expectations would be. Again, we priced for degree of adverse selection in the first wave that we would have expected. We saw higher MLR on the book, but not as high as what we priced for it. And so we’re encouraged by that data. And we now have six months of data on that group. So that continues to be encouraging. But I think it’s important to recognize too that we think there’s a delayed behavior that we know we had a lot of storms in the first quarter. We know a lot of people are still understanding how to use the system. And we think it’s a reason to maintain the prudent reserve outlook that we have at this point in time. In terms of early renewals, I think our strategy is to just ensure that where the law allows us to do early renewals and where we can maintain an appropriate margin and retain the member. It is fully our intent to strive to keep that strategy.
Joe Swedish: Christine, it’s Joe. I just want to focus on three elements that I think is really important to highlight regarding our experience thus far because we’ve sighted this in the past. I think it’s worth underscoring yet again that we’ve attracted a balance risk pool of members. And that’s critically important in terms of having met our expectations in that regard. Secondly, the average age of the enrollees is also attracting very close to our expectation which kind of gives us very strong comfort that we’re in a good place relative to pricing to ‘14 as well as the experience that we expected. And finally, the product selection by the enrollees has played out as expected. So when we put all that together, I think we’ve landed in a very good place year-to-date. We don’t expect any material change relative to that going to the end of the year. And I might add also that the grandmother strategies that we’ve employed are markets specific. I think we’ve been very tailored in our approach. So again, underscore yet again. I think we’ve modeled this very effectively, executed very effectively. And we’re expecting a good path the year-end.
Joe Swedish: So this is Joe again. That’s a tough one because as you well know, there wasn’t a specific question asked that enrollees, one of their running share ensured. I think we can go to some of the publicly disclosed information around studies of the form like by the Kaiser Foundation, I think in the main are referencing something in the order of 40%, 50%, take your pick. In our circumstance, I think we’re kind of landing in about the same position. So I can’t give you any specifics beyond that other than I think strong guesses or assumptions based on what we’re seeing.
Joe Swedish: Yes, Scott. Just as a reminder, we had more than doubled our hep C cost in our pricing for the current year as compared to the prior year. And then in our outlook after Q1, we had in an incremental $100 million to that outlook. I would say that hep C has pretty much played with those expectations. We’re not seeing upside versus that expectation at this point in time, but we’re not seeing downside. The trend in the last say four weeks seems to be coming down a bit. But we believe you’ll see a spike later in the year when the new hep C drugs come back out. So I think an early indicator meaning the last four weeks or so might imply that it’s a little conservative. But we actually don’t think it is because we really do think there will be a spike when the new drugs hit the market. So I think net-net for all of our segments, they’re playing as expected that we reported last time. And I think what you’ll find is that the additional $100 million is probably going to be necessary.
Joe Swedish: Yes. So one thing just to remind our listeners is that any time we enter a new market and even the market we existed in, but due to the new lives coming in through ACA expansion, we’ve always assumed that we would have a much higher MOR in our run rate MOR. Just under the simple premise that we’re talking completely unmanaged population and moving them into manage care. In general, I’d say, things are playing well versus those expectations. But as I tried to remind folks that much of the expansion live [ph] as you can really have not started coming on until 2Q. And so, a lot of the data we have is still relatively immature. Cash flow would imply things look pretty good, but it’s really early at this point to declare victory or any concerns in either direction. But all in, our outlook assumes a higher MOR on the book, they would have had [ph] on our run rate book.
Joe Swedish: I would say that, Pete and the team have done an exceptional job of improving that business even faster than we have been anticipated and we are starting. We’re not at what I would call, Legacy Ameri-group margin Jet [ph] But we are closing the gap much quicker and those are much improved.
Joe Swedish: Great. I’d like to thank you all for joining us today and also for your questions. In closing, let me reiterate a few key messages I’d like for you to take away from this call today. Our strong second quarter built upon the results of last year demonstrates the success we’re having in attracting new customers across our commercial and government segment. I do want to underscore that our associates have had a lot to do with this and also have a lot to be proud of given their commitment to the execution that advances our strategic priorities and also it helps us capitalize on future opportunities. We recognize that our challenge going forward as an organization committed to serving our customers is to increasingly ground ourselves in our values especially being easy to do business with. Collectively and individually, we’re focused on doing the right thing, offer simple solutions, striving for excellence and delivering results. Additionally, I want to reiterate a few points related to our call this morning. We’re pleased with our performance in Q2 and the entire first half of 2014. In our exchange business, enrolment tracked well through midyear with 769,000 new members added. And we believe that we’ve established prudent reserves for this business. Our government business is growing along multiple fronts with the implementation of several recent go-live situations in New Jersey, Florida and Kentucky as well as dual-eligible pilots that will contribute to growth in late 2014 and into 2015. And finally, we raised our 2014 adjusted EPS outlook from greater than $8.40 to greater than $8.60. And we also raised our membership growth and cash flow outlook for the year. So I want to thank everyone for participating today. So operator, please provide the call replay instruction.
Wayne DeVeydt: I think from a tailwind perspective Justin, clearly as you said, it is too early, but we do expect to continue to have positive momentum on a membership front. We expect to continue to grow in our commercial book as well as our government segment. Additionally, I think a fair tailwind is that we begin to get full year run rate from some of the things that took place this year. As you know, the ACA membership came in at different points throughout the year, both the Medicaid expansion, the exchange and ultimately the duo opportunities [ph], as you know, just starts to ramp up this year. So I would say from a top line growth perspective we said many reasons to see tailwinds that are there. And clearly our capital deployment will continue to be a tailwind for our investors as well. From a headwind perspective, I would really frame it up as two things that we want to continue to keep an eye on. One is the industry tax increases by 40% next year. And that’s not isolated to WellPoint, that applies to the entire industry. I think one thing that’s isolated to us is that the small group attrition that we model for this year, more than half of that $250 million [ph] headwinds, we think we’ll be in a more accelerated timeframe over a shorter window of time, meaning this year and next year in a very longer period of time. And then –
Wayne DeVeydt: I think it’s both. I think you’re going to see continued margin compression in the existing book as they stay in and then I think you move over [ph]. The last thing I would say, though, is that if you look at the existing book, the active cancel loss ratio is positive for us. So for those that are leaving, they’d appear to be moving to the exchanges in those individuals generally with a high MLR. And so by having them actually migrate over to the exchange, when you have 3R protections outlined, it’s actually a positive too. So you lose out on the migration, but you at least move them on to protected environment on t he higher risk business.Kevin Fischbeck – Bank of America: Interesting. All right, thank you.
Wayne DeVeydt: Hey Josh, good morning. We do not provide margins by business segment. I will tell you that the margins are in the single-digit range, but none in the double-digit range. And to give you at least a gauge of where they’re migrating to as we said, we anticipated that if margins were to be cut in half and move to more of a what I’ll call more of a exchange-like margin in the 3% to 5% range. But that would translate to $400 million plus headwind. The fact that we’re incurring more than half of that headwind this year at least gives you kind of a gauge of how it’s migrating from say upper single-digit down to a more lower mid single-digit range.
Wayne DeVeydt: Yes, Josh, very good questions. The short answer is yes. That’s part of the reason that we’re booking closer to the lower end to that margin range and then maintaining the high DCP levels that we have. As the year progresses, [indiscernible] that if those preserves prove to be conservative. And our run rate that we saw in the first half continues in the second half, we would then move from that lower range of 3%, start migrating closer to 5%, but we would be giving back 50% of every dollar above 3% back into the kitty if you will for the corridor. So we think our approach leaves us hopefully nothing but upside, though, as you migrate through those different corridors if you will. But that’s part of the reason for our conservative posture as of June 30th.
Wayne DeVeydt: Yes, I think our goal is to be competitive in the market and if it results in the fact that our pricing has a rebate to the consumer or is spanning money to a corridor that we otherwise wouldn’t have to do, we’d rather let the consumer have that benefit. And so our goal is to provide that enterprising and then as I think you’ll see in many of our public exchange market, I think the stability in the book that we created this year is why we have rate increases that are lower than the average increase you’re seeing from many of our competitors.
Wayne DeVeydt: Hey Chris, I appreciate the question. And I understand the complexities of this accounting and trying to describe it. But think about it with a lens that if we’ve maintained a strong reserve balance sheet which we believe we have and we believe the DCPs can support and you can see the underwriting run rate looks positive along with the cash flows, by taking a zero posture on both risk corridors and risk adjusters, what it does allow us to do then that if that run rate improves, for every dollar then that we put into the kitty, we will create a payable for $0.50 on the dollar, but $0.50 on that dollar will actually drop to the bottom line then. So from a conservative posture, it’s not just about how do you account for risk adjuster versus the corridor, but it’s also how does that then tie-in to your ultimate balance sheet conservatism or lack thereof.] So again with the posture, we’ve taken if the run rate proves that we have a margin greater than three, you are correct, I will then be able to – I will have to book a payable which may not appear to be conservative, but on the contrary it’s conservative because that means I have earnings better than what I’ve actually recorded year-to-date.
Wayne DeVeydt: I don’t have that in front of me, Tom, but if you go to the press release –Tom Carroll – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Yes, I can find it. It’s not materially different though.
Wayne DeVeydt: – you’ll see it there. But it was within less than $10 million – in fact, if you could just give me a second, I can quote it to you. Last year was $532 million, Tom, this year is $524.7 million. So you’re looking at roughly a $7 million delta [ph] year-over-year.Tom Carroll – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Yes. Okay, thanks so much.
Wayne DeVeydt: Hi, Carl. Yes, good question. If you remember on our first quarter call, we had assumed about $0.05 in our outlook for the year based on the positive momentum we were having. The outlook has been improved by an additional $0.05 in terms of what we’re expecting there. So we have about $0.10 reflected in both first half actual as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year in total. It’s important to recognize too that we’re still working through the hep C situation with our states and we’re expecting hopefully some relief there. And then finally though, I would say the State of Texas is the one state that we’ve not factored in some of the reimbursement levels around the non-deductibility component. We believe for a sustainable model that this is really an important factor that still needs to be addressed. But we have about $0.10 for full year earnings and outlook combined.
Wayne DeVeydt: Carl, this is a real fair question. And the answer is yes, that’s how you would think about it. Understand, though, there’s a Wakely [ph] study going on right now as well. And while the data is still somewhat immature, we have a gauge of where we think we’re going to land and whether we’re going to be a net receiver or net payer at this point. And again, I would tell you even on that we’ve taken a conservative posture. So while there is theoretically the possibility that the study could be completely wrong and that at the end of the year we could have something swing in the complete opposite direction, we would still look at it as our DCP, our reserve balance sheet has that covered. But again, I would tell you we actually have a third party data point to point to now that would tell us that we’re probably being at least prudently conservative on the risk adjuster as well.
Wayne DeVeydt: So, Matt, I would say this response to that. I cannot speak to that competitor’s actual accounting practices. I can tell you though the way the accounting rules work. You will have a higher MLR earlier in the year as a result of how the reinsurance component works than you would in the back half of the year. That is a factually true statement. And so best chain dynamic is in fact playing out in how we look at it as well. But again, I can’t speak to the specifics of how it may have affected their MLR consolidated.
Wayne DeVeydt: It’s not a material factor. I mean I think when you have a balanced risk pool like we have for us, we feel that we’re going to get a very similar flow of reinsurance kind of from quarter to quarter. But again, I will tell you that to the extent somebody burns through the first 45,000 in the first half of the year, you will have a higher MLR than you will on the back half when the next 200,000 is essentially covered by reinsurance and yet you’re getting premium on it. So again, accounting wise, the math makes perfectly good sense. But from our perspective, our book is pretty balanced, so we don’t necessarily get a big pickup in either direction.
Wayne DeVeydt: Yes, Matt, I would say that from our standpoint in terms of the expansion in Florida, we haven’t seen anything alarming at this point. We continue to monitor and stay focused on our medical cost management. It’s really early there to be honest, though. I mean you’re looking at less than 60 days of experience at this point in time. But based on what we’ve seen, I mean we look at drug data and other data points, we’re just not seeing anything alarming.
Wayne DeVeydt: Hi, Scoot, good morning. Our experience so far on our small grade filings has been encouraging. I think as we show our regulators the basis for how we’re building those filings, we’re trying to make sure they understand that the risk pool is changing though, that as people lead the current small group pool and migrate to exchanges that those created a different risk pool. But in general, we’re seeing a pretty good profile there. Trend was lower in ‘13 though, so I think what you saw was not fully reflected in the 2014 rates when people first priced and now I think you’re really starting to see the ‘13 and ‘14 trends get reflected in the ‘15 pricing. So I think it’s – when you’re doing an apples to apples, I think ‘13’s trend coupled with ‘14’s is kind of distorting some of the ‘15 pricing. But all that being said, it would only be prudent to hang on to those members at margins that are least commensurate to or slightly better than what you would see in an exchange. And I think that is a reasonable strategy that people will deploy.
Wayne DeVeydt: As of June 30, we believe that is the case.Dave Windley – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Wayne DeVeydt: Nothing new at this point. They continue to be a good partner. And we’re looking forward to build and maintain our relationship with them.Dave Windley – Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Wayne DeVeydt: We haven’t given guidance yet for ‘15. But fairly I think there are reasons to believe medical trend will have a reflection point at some point. And we think it’s prudent to take that view.Ana Gupte – Leerink, Swann & Company: Thanks, Wayne, for the color.
