Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Steve. I'm going to ask Felicia Norwood, who leads our Government Business, to respond.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Steve. And I'll just sort of summarize what Felicia said. I mean I think we felt we had a very strong AEP. We're expecting double-digit growth and very consistent from our perspective around the competitive market as well as the distribution channels. So thanks for the question. And next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thank you, Justin. There were a number of questions there, so we'll try to address. Let me first take the first one around Medicare Advantage. Overall, I think very consistent competitive environment. When you talk about churn specifically, we're not seeing anything significantly different than we've seen in the past. It's been a competitive market. It remains a competitive market. As I shared, we feel that our supplemental benefits and the things that we do to help support Medicare beneficiaries has been very positive. And also, we spent a lot of time on ensuring that through our marketing and other things that our members understand the components of our benefits and have a good welcome experience with us. But again, we see that as pretty consistent. I'm going to ask John to address the questions that you had more specifically around trend.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, John. And I guess I would reiterate, as John said, there are a number of moving parts to this, but we feel that we've taken those into consideration and wanted to share our thoughts on certainly the first half of the year but feel confident in the way we've managed through it in 2021 and heading into 2022. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, A.J. And I will turn this over to Pete Haytaian to share his perspective, but I think there's a few things, going back to my remarks. One, clearly, a huge opportunity for us in IngenioRx as well, and we shared how well that business is performing and the opportunity that we have to continue to embed the Ingenio as part of our whole health solutions into particularly mid-market accounts, and we've done a nice job there. And then in terms of the Diversified Business group, again, serving our complex and chronic patients has been an area of focus for a number of years, and we're seeing acceleration in that. So I'll ask Pete to give some specific points about where he sees that growth coming from.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thank you, Pete. And I think you heard from Pete, there's really two huge opportunities for us for accelerating growth. One, deeper penetration inside of Anthem, and we're beginning to bring all of these products together in a much more integrated way; and two, the opportunity through our provider strategy, our aggregator strategy to use our diversified business assets to participate in the profit pools in that area. So those are two, we think, growth opportunities for us in the future. And again, it's early days, but we're seeing some really nice progress in these early days. Thanks for the question. Next one, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question. Just to clarify a little bit, when we talk about the profitability between fully insured and our self-insured business or risk versus fee, we're really talking about adding more services to the fee-based business. So I wasn't sure if I understood your question correctly, but we are making great progress on that. We had predicted that we would end the year on 4:1, which we did. And we're seeing, as I mentioned in my opening comments, the opportunity to add IngenioRx plus clinical services, advocacy. So there's a whole number of areas that have begun to gain traction in that. So we feel very much on target, feel good about it. If you think about just our fee-based revenue in the fourth quarter increase 12% compared to a year ago, when revenue increased over -- and for the year increased over 7%, so this growth came despite somewhat flattish membership growth. I think that really punctuates the impact of the various buy-up programs that we had. So, again, overall, I feel like we're making really good progress on that. Your question about the 2% plus risk-based membership growth, we feel that, that's a prudent projection going into the year. We had very strong growth in 2020, but feel good about where we are positioned. There was a previous question about our individual membership. Again, we have taken, I think, a very steady and consistent approach to the individual market. We did that again this year. So we don't look for outsized growth in any one of those markets, but consistent growth across our risk base and in the 14 states where we do business. So, again, feel good about it, making progress around all of those. And, again, we are making progress on that profit targetability. Thank you. Next question.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, Lance, thank you very much for the series of questions, and let me try to kind of go through each of them and give you a bit of a perspective. As I shared in my opening remarks, I think we've been very consistent actually in our care provider and our value-based strategy over the years. Specifically, your question comes to what it relates to primary care, I think we've always taken a very thoughtful approach to how we leverage our scale in the market because we do believe that's one of the critical criteria for success. Recently, we shared and have updated everyone on some of the partnerships. Our model primarily has been a partnership model. So our investments, for example, in Privia and Adalat are the two that I think you're referring to, but there have been others that we've also shared. When you talk about taking an ownership position, again, that's something we have done in the past. So it's not -- I know often we get the question of why we don't do it. We have done it actually and where it makes sense in our local markets and based on the depth and the dynamics. And good examples, very early on with CareMore but also HealthSun simply, most recently last year when we bought MMM. So we're not against owning care delivery, but we do think in areas where we want to own it would be where we can accelerate our membership growth. And predominantly in areas where complex and chronic patients, we can improve the impact we have there, obviously, increase our Star ratings and improve the health outcomes and by partnering is one of the important parts in our aggregators. I want to take a minute on the aggregator strategy and why we're investing in some of these because they also allow us to stand up joint governance structures. And my prior answer, we talked a little bit about making sure that we remain aligned with our care provider partners. So that's a great way for us to participate in the governance structure and be aligned with our care providers and be very direct about our partnership preference where we can do it. So as you think about these partnerships, they also benefit our Diversified Business Group. Again, going back to my last answer, we see an opportunity to wrap around different provider enablement programs. Also some of the acquisitions we've done recently are good examples of where we can do pull-through, and we can participate in the profit pool in a broader way, so very consistent with that. They're very capital-efficient for us. And again, our focus is very much on complex and chronic, and we see significant opportunities. So I guess I would conclude our strategy is different than our others, and we see that as unique because of the set of assets that we have are very unique, and we want to leverage that depth and, again, that partnership that we've built. It also allows us to derive value from sharing risk and ensuring that we're not reliant on any single model. As we know, this value-based space continues to evolve and mature. We don't think that one model is going to work in every market. We fundamentally believe that care is delivered locally and that's the core to who we are and how we've grown up as a company. And so we see each model as unique, but we do think that there's an opportunity for scale and to wrap around, particularly our DBG assets, and to drive differentiated outcome. In terms of your last question, we do share a lot of these models with our partner, Blues, particularly in states where we have JVs already. So yeah, we do think there's opportunities for us to take a leadership role there and work closely. Other Blues have great ideas, and we also learned from them. So we think this is an opportunity where the market is going to change quite a bit, and we're going to keep optionality and be very capital efficient but also drive through, I think, a differentiated cost structure, and that's kind of where we start today. So thank you very much for the question, and next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes, Matt, thanks for the question. As you can appreciate, we won't go into details on specific markets and really won't comment on one area in particular. Overall, our small group market, we feel really good about, particularly the alternative and submarket strategy that we've launched over the last several years and have continued to make gains in it. So our products are resonating there quite well. We added a virtual-only product this year. That's having -- gaining a lot of traction but, again, won't speak to specific markets. Thanks for the question. Next question.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the second question, Ricky. In terms of the BCBSA litigation, just to clarify, as you know, the final approval hearing was held in October of 2021, and that court took the matter under advisement, which is typical for cases of this size and scale. And so, some of the account members have submitted objections, which they're working through right now, and that's not unusual, so it's pretty typical for a case of the size. So in terms of projecting what this all means, et cetera. As John said, we expect to pay the settlement in 2022 versus what we had previously projected in 2021. We fully accrued for that. In terms of the overall market, I think it's too early to say. I mean we've always worked inside of the Blue system with our peer plans. We have a number of seeds, and so I really don't have a comment on that until we get through the overall process. But, again, I feel that, that will get resolved in 2022. Thank you. Next question.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question, Kevin. In terms of home testing, I think, it is a good opportunity to provide a little clarity on just how we're thinking about it. First of all, let me point out, and I know everyone is quite aware of this, that we're already paying for a significant volume of testing, mostly inside of medical facilities. And generally, these tend to be eight to 10 times the price of the at-home test. In addition, you add on the office fee. So while it's difficult to know the exact degree, to which the home testing or testing will go up as a result of the role, we do expect some substitution with lower cost home test displacing some of those tests that are currently done in the medical facilities. It's also, as you heard in my opening remarks, we proactively began offering free home COVID test to our risk-based commercial members through Sydney Health in November. And those tests right now are delivered to our members' homes within one to two business days and our early experience indicates that individuals are ordering these based on their need and there's been appropriate usage. In respect to our guidance, we did consider the effect of the substitution, the availability of the four free tests per household that the federal government is supplying, current short-term supply constraints and the likelihood of spikes in demand in the year that would drive potential surges in the COVID case rate. So those tended to go inside, as you know, with the lower non-COVID utilization. So that should be a natural offset, as John has shared earlier in the call. So bottom line, there's pretty wide range or there is a wide range of outcomes around the world, but we believe that our guidance provided that this morning captures the most likely net impact in our financial results. And that's one reason why our cost structure is expected to be at/or above baseline in the four quarters of 2022. So overall, we feel we've used our analytics to do our best assessment. And again, we do have some experience with the test through our Sydney app. So thanks very much for allowing us to clarify how we're thinking about that. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Dave. Just to clarify, it's actually 6% across all lines of business. So that's across commercial Medicaid and Medicare Advantage, so just to clarify that answer. In terms of duals, duals are an important part of our MA growth strategy. We have a very significant impact on duals that aligns both with the Government Business but also what Pete does in the Diversified Business Group and a lot of the investments that we've made, so in myNEXUS home care and Aspire palliative care. Part of what CareMore does is quite extensive in the dual market. So very important part of us. Part of what we do, we think value-based care is critically important to this space. And some of the investments we've made with aggregators will help support our strategy there. In terms of full risk, as we shared at our Investor Day, it's an area that, right now, we're looking to significantly grow and impact over the next several years. So of that 60%, it's mid-teens, I'd say, across our book of business in total, where it continues to grow in terms of full upside downside risk. So not just capitation, but other arrangements that we're also looking to expand. So overall, it's a growing area for us, including with our high-performance network providers. But we think across the board that this is a core to how we get in to trend at CPI plus in our commercial business and to continue to deliver value in our government based business. So thank you very much for the question. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, Josh. In terms of value based, I mean, the deepest penetration has historically been in the Medicare Advantage space, given the nature of the product design that we've had, it's been more around very specific networks and the depth. So I think -- the industry has a lot more depth and experience in Medicare Advantage, but we're seeing significant growth in our commercial business across, not just Anthem, but our partnership with our other non-Anthem Blues. So our high-performing network, part of the success that you saw in the significant growth in our national account business was just a significant difference in our value proposition driven by high-performing networks. And again, we've got double-digit improvement in costs versus our competitors there, that has been validated by outside consulting firms. So again, that's one of the reasons we consolidated. We're one of a multi carrier in those accounts. And this year, particularly with our largest, probably most discerning accounts where they could see year-over-year performance, we were able to consolidate to a single carrier. So I'd use those as some proof points around the traction happening in the high-performing markets or high-performing providers. And again, those are particularly -- mostly contracting relationships. When I referenced the two aggregator models, those are examples. We clearly are working with others, but I thought that, that would give you a sense of two of the models that we're working with. We're learning a lot. I guess I'd say it's still early days in many of these relationships. We began them over the last, really, 12 to 18 months. We think that what's important there is an alignment to the goals, the depth of our market share and the opportunity for us to work hand-in-hand in that local market to really the unique needs of that marketplace. Predominantly started in Medicare Advantage, but as you saw from some recent announcements, we're also doing quite a bit of work in commercial, because we see the real opportunity there. And then you look at some of our markets where, Ohio is a great example, we have leading market share in Medicare and commercial, and we'll soon add Medicaid to that. So again, you think across all businesses and supporting those. Many of the early value-based providers were focused on Medicare Advantage. We see that expanding much more broadly to all markets and the skill sets there. So again, I wouldn't read in just the two names that we shared with you. Our preference is to really work with the best of breed in the markets and be able to leverage our scale and deliver something very differentiated because of that unique market. And we're going to continue to evolve that marketplace, and we do believe that the Diversified Business Group can wrap around its services, and that's a way for us to participate in the profit pool, but also bring our services to our members and keep a very consistent consumer experience. So hopefully, that answers your question, and thanks very much for the ability to clarify that. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, Morgan. Now, I'd like to close by saying thank you. It's been a strong year for Anthem, and we greatly appreciate the interest you've shown in our company along the way. I hope today provided some more insight into how we're managing the short-term while building for the long-term. Our results show we're on our front foot and we're optimistic about the future. We're clear on our commitment to make whole health reality. And as we go forward, you can expect our focus on being a lifetime trusted partner in health to be consistent. Our work is a privilege and a responsibility of all 98,000 of us in Anthem, and we take it personally every day, and we'll keep executing with excellence and discipline to make a valuable difference for all of those, who we are so privileged to serve. Thank you, everyone. Have a great week.
John Gallina: Yes. Thank you, Justin, for the questions. In terms of trends by lines of business, and as I had stated in the prepared comments, overall, total COVID was higher than anticipated, but non-COVID more than offset it. And so our total cost structure, while above baseline, was better than our expectations. Commercial had the highest cost compared to baseline. You look at what happened in the fourth quarter. Children were eligible for vaccines for the first time. You had the Omicron surge, et cetera. Medicare was next in line with overall cost structure of adding COVID and non-COVID combined to be slightly above baseline. And Medicaid overall, actually ended the quarter slightly below baseline. But all in, the total is what I said. As you look to 2022, there's consistent themes, and we're not going to go into specific trends by line of businesses. But, overall, we expect Commercial to have the highest amount of cost compared to baseline of the three lines of business for the year and Medicare to be second and Medicaid to be third. So very consistent 2022 expectations versus fourth quarter actuals. So thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Yes. Good morning, Nathan, and thank you for the question. And maybe I'll address earnings seasonality and MLR seasonality somewhat consistently, because they obviously drive each other. You look at the seasonality of earnings patterns that we've had historically as a company, we've had 55%, 60%, closer to 60% of our money we make in the first six months of the year pre-pandemic. That obviously has shifted the last couple of years and which are really not the best benchmarks to use now for analysis purposes. And now we look at what we expect this year. We expect closer to 55% of our money to be earned in the first half. And then we expect the first and second quarter to be relatively consistent with each other. First quarter MLR, as you pointed out, will be a bit higher than historical patterns. A few key reasons for that. We ended 2021 going into 2022 with an Omicron surge. That was impacting our Commercial business, maybe a bit more than other lines, consistent with how I just answered Justin's question. There's a spike in hospitalizations that we're going through. We do expect non-COVID to drop, but the quarterly timing maybe isn't quite as clear. One other comment just to make -- to help clarify maybe a change in seasonality patterns is, we're within the public health emergency right now. And the public health emergency has many, many provisions associated with it. One of those is that any COVID diagnostic testing or cost structure, we need to waive co-pays and deductibles. And so, if you think about our historic seasonality patterns and the historic fact that, at the beginning of the year, that co-pays and deductibles are a significant part of the leverage between quarters, you don't have that to quite the same level during a public health emergency. And while those co-pays and deductibles are still in effect for the full year, they do not apply to COVID-type cost structures, and so we have a shift of cost between quarters. And then in the second quarter, we do expect COVID to be a little bit less severe than it is in the first quarter, and so that will impact our MLR positively. But we also launched the City of New York Group Retiree business and that excellent contract that we won. And so that will put upward pressure on the MLR in the second quarter. So all-in, we think we're in pretty good shape, and we want to be very prudent in terms of how we're assessing the COVID, the pandemic and our guidance. Thank you.
John Gallina: Sure. Thank you, Lisa, for the questions. I'll see if I can unpack them all with this answer. But in terms of access to the health care system, over the past year, we really have not seen anyone that has been denied access to needed -- necessary care. And so while there may have been some puts and takes and some pent-up demand in the past, we think the vast, vast majority of that has all passed. And while that does happen on a temporary basis during some of these surges, the system is able to accommodate. So -- and the other thing I think is very clear that we've seen is that whenever there is a COVID surge, that there has historically now been a non-COVID drop that is a natural hedge against it. In terms of the just the cost trend in general and other variants, I certainly don't want to predict what the next variant's going to look like or even what letter of the Greek alphabet it's going to be named after. But on the other hand, as we look at Omicron, Omicron is clearly less severe on a per-member basis, but far more contagious. So you look at really the number of people who are infected by it, it's more multiplicatively higher than the number of people that were infected by Delta or the original COVID, and then the hospitalization rates are then a fraction. But you look at it sort of on a year-over-year basis, the hospitalization rates are relatively consistent in total and maybe even up a little bit for Omicron. So it's really hard to say exactly what the next variant is going to look like, but we model these things. We try to be very thoughtful and even prudent and conservative in the way that we've modeled it. And I think you can see our 2021 performance has shown that we are a bit conservative in the way that we assess these things, and we're going to continue that same thought process for 2022. So thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Gary, thank you for the question, and I really do appreciate the opportunity to provide clarity because it's actually an excellent question that you've asked. The increase in MLR is essentially entirely driven by mix. So we have the state of New York -- or I'm sorry, the City of New York, Medicare Advantage contract that goes live. It's going to be in excess of 200,000 members launching April 1. That will increase the overall MLR of the company. We have just general growth in various other areas. We acquired MMM mid-year 2021. We will have a full year of MMM in 2022. The overall aspect of that is that the weighted average MLR for the entire company goes up. We'd go live with Ohio mid-year as well in our new Medicaid win. So when you -- our Medicare Advantage on an individual basis is growing by double-digits, really outpacing every other line of business we have in the company, and the average MLR associated with those new members increases the MLR of the company. So the core underlying MLRs associated with each of the lines of business, the forward pricing aspects of including COVID, we feel very good about and feel very solid about. But the analysis of the 50 basis point increase, it's entirely mix. So thank you for the opportunity to provide that clarification.
John Gallina: Yes. Thanks, Scott. Appreciate the question, and hopefully, I can give you some detail to help clarify. The timing of the public health emergency clearly is the most significant assumption that needs to be evaluated as part of all this. And right now, the public health emergency is slated to expire April 16. And as a result, we would expect reverifications to begin in the middle of the year. So obviously, if the public health emergency changes and everything else, I'm saying right now needs to be updated simultaneously. But at that point in time, we do expect to see the reverifications. We expect the reverifications to occur over a 12-month period of time through the end of 2022 and the first half of 2023. And we are not expecting a cliff event associated with membership dropping off. At the same time, we expect to capture our fair share of those commercial members, and part of our commercial risk membership growth is predicated on the Medicaid reverifications occurring as I had stated. And so there's certainly a natural hedge or an offset associated with those. The one thing I do want to make sure that everyone is clear about is that there are two states out of our portfolio of Medicaid states that expanded the number of MCOs in their geographies for 2022. And those are states that we have retained our business. However, with additional members -- I'm sorry, additional payers in those, that the states are going to redistribute many of the members. And so there's somewhere between 100,000 and 200,000 members that we will lose within those states that we have retained. And that's probably part of the reconciling item that maybe you don't have associated with this. And then as we look at our membership in total, we gave all the components, fee-based, up very nicely individual; MA, double-digit growth; group MA, nice growth with the City of New York; commercial risk, up a couple percent; and then the balance is the loss of members through the Medicaid reverification. So hopefully, all that clarifies your membership questions. Thank you.
John Gallina: Yes. So thank you, George, for the question. Really reflecting on what happened in 2020 maybe as a starting point, we have about half of our scripts are maintenance-type scripts. And so certainly, when the pandemic first occurred, we didn't see any impact really, notable impact on that level of script volume. And then, if you recall, we did relax the 90-day rules back then and saw a little bit of a blip in script count, but the overall script volume of the remainder of the scripts was down, and that really corresponded directly to the non-COVID utilization being down as well. And so, now as we fast forward through 2020 -- through 2021 into 2022, script levels are relatively consistent with where we would have thought. Certainly, as I said, half of the scripts are maintenance scripts. Those haven't been impacted at all. And then the other half very much are related to the non-COVID. And the non-COVID utilization was approaching baseline levels near the end of the year before this last Omicron surge. So the script volume really corresponded to that. So hopefully, that clarifies the issues on that.
John Gallina: Yeah. Thank you for the question. And we do provide some target margins at a line of business level. But we really don't think it's appropriate to go through and talk about target margins at a more granular level than that. The one thing I will say, though, associated with margin expansion is that our Diversified Business Group is going to provide us a great opportunity for margin expansion because, as Pete had talked about serving Anthem members more holistically, more deeply. And the Commercial and the Government Business units will pay Diversified Business Group fair market value for the value that Diversified is providing. And then Pete will continue to make a margin on his services. Certainly, the transaction will eliminate intercompany revenue. Yeah, we'll still have target margins on Commercial and Government, and then we'll have the margins within Pete's area. So we do expect margin expansion over the next five years and really driven by that.
