Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, Josh. I mean, obviously, there's a lot of moving parts. You highlighted basically all of them, which is, clearly, the leap year influences it. Two, was that we know that in the senior book, that we had to strengthen that book further. And so that's clearly part of what we saw happening as well in the quarter. The State Sponsored did impact it. It's not material, but if you think about most of our contracts in California being the largest of our State Sponsored, those renew in October of the previous year. And so what you're getting in the first quarter this year is that lower rate environment that's reflected in there versus the first quarter of last year as well. So it's -- what I can tell you though, Josh, is that relative to our overall expectations, all the moving parts came in pretty much where we expected them to be in total for the year. So we weren't disappointed with how they played out at this point in time, and the actual runoff of our reserves at 12/31 are coming in at the higher end of our margin for adverse deviation as we wanted. So feeling pretty good about that as we see some stability there in the book.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Josh, to be honest, I haven't looked at it at the level of how much of a percentage is 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. I don't think it's an irrational view though to look at it as those being the primary factors that affected it, and that's a pretty good proxy for maybe how they would have fallen out. But again, to be fair, I haven't actually quantified and said, "Is this an equal 1/3 of the delta?" But I would say, relative to the big 3, those are the big 3.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I wouldn't say so much a change as much as we had expected to see trends start to rebound a bit. And as we mentioned, the admissions per day are still slightly down. We saw the extended stay actually slightly longer. We are seeing acuity down slightly. So when we talk about trending up slightly, it's all relative to the starting point. And just having a 7 plus or minus 50 basis -- or 7.5 plus or minus 50 basis point trend inherently says the trend is moving up. So what I would say though, Josh, is relative to expectations and relative to pricing, things are coming in pretty much as expected in our markets. So no real surprises with that rising trend. It's nothing that we haven't communicated previously and then, I would say, the broader industry has communicated as well.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Oh, I'm sorry, Josh. Yes. Relative to Medicaid trends specifically, we saw some slightly higher trends in a few of our states. But I wouldn't call them any major outliers at all, and they were all fairly minor in the big scheme of things. So no, we're not seeing really huge spikes anywhere. At the same time, we have a few markets where we got a little more membership that was awarded to us. And in those markets, when you get new members, it's not unusual to expect a slightly higher trend until you get them medically managed along the way. But nothing really too crazy. I'd say MLR is expected in those markets.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. Thanks, Angela. Charles, when we look at the 29 clinics we have today, and they're obviously all in different maturity schedules in terms of some being newer and some being much more mature models. But what we're seeing, pretty much on average across the entire book, is that it takes about 18 months for the clinic to get to scale, that gets to breakeven. And then after that, they're driving roughly a 30% IRR. So very, very pleased with what I'll call the normal maturation schedule. Those that were scheduled to improve this year have improved. Those that have opened up are coming out of the gate the way we expected them. So that's all very good. What I would highlight, though, is this is a multi-year build out for our company. And so this year alone, we are spending more than $40 million on integration and expansion, and we don't expect that to slow down. As Angela mentioned, with the dual opportunity out there, we see the CareMore model as kind of the third leg to an important stool, which is you need to have Medicaid, you need to have Medicare, but you really need a high touch point care management model for the consumer that we're serving here. And so I think, if anything, we're going to try to even accelerate more expansion of the CareMore model into more markets to really take advantage of what we think uniquely differentiates us on the dual opportunity.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Charles, the other thing I would add is really, as you highlighted, there's really 2 types of investments, though, that happen when you first roll out a program like this. One is in the core infrastructure. You need to medically manage and support this consumer base. And then two is just, because this consumer base is now moving to managed care, you initially have losses early on. But then as you get them to more of a managed care environment, you transcend to a more profitable position. And one thing we like about the demonstration project in California is that where they are rolling it out, that first kind of major cost, meaning the actual infrastructure cost, we already have established in L.A. and at CareMore. It's already built, it's already there. So we don't have to bear that cost. We will have to bear the cost of migrating and integrating and really supporting this consumer base well. Relative to Santa Clara County, we already have operations for CareMore there as well, which is the other county we bid on that we're hopeful will get approved this year. And relative to Alameda, we already had baked into our plans to build out a CareMore facility there. So those core costs are already baked into our current guidance and assumptions. But nonetheless, the real costs that we'll bear then for the first year run-up will be the cost of actually migrating to a managed care population.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Doug, one thing I want to add, too, is that the Senior business, as Angela mentioned, is really a long-term turnaround for us. And so we've seen the value of some of that in the current year. But we're going to need to make even more investments this year and the next year to really get to where we think is a competitive position that takes advantage of our market share and our brand. And so one of the things we're trying to leverage is Raja's leadership and expertise as well and the lessons learned from that group. So I don't want folks to assume though that this is the fix this year. In fact, we're far from being where we ultimately want to be. We are taking our strides in it. But it's important to recognize that we may choose to make even more investments this year that we think really drive long-term value for us in the long term. And couple that with the investments we're making in the duals this year and the investments where the exchange is coming out. So really, '14 ends up looking like being really what I'll call a broader lift year as we get the value of exchanges. Starting in '13 but then -- or starting in '14, getting the value out in '15. But dual starting in '13 and getting a lift. But as the pace of duals rolls out, even those investments are going to have to ramp up across the country. And so some of that value in EBITDA will come in more back-end loaded, because you're covering up the EBITDA value you're getting from the first year rollout with the new investments for the second and third year rollout.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. Christine, for exited businesses, we have put up reserves for both the California PPO product that we exited. Those reserves have panned out to be fairly close to our anticipation on that. We did put up for the small group in New York, some additional reserves for that run out as well, as well as areas that we knew we had benefit design changes where sometimes you get a little bit of a run on the bank when those changes occurred. I'd say everything there has panned out to either be at/or expected reserve or better at this point in time. Our total reserves at 12/31 are really coming in at the high end of our range as we had anticipated. With 3 months of run out, that's good visibility, with inventories being 14% lower. Now we drove inventories down really aggressively this quarter because, as you know, for rebate purposes, you have the benefit of 12 months plus 3 months of run out. And so it was really important for us to get our rebate accounting as tight as we could get it. But all that being said, Christine, no, we did not strengthen reserves in the quarter. Our reserves are maintained at, we believe, the similar strong levels that we saw similar to year end. So we still think we're in the upper end of our range of margin for adverse deviation. And 3 months of run out is showing it as such.
Wayne S. Deveydt: So a couple of comments. And thanks, Kevin, for the opportunity to clarify some of this. Keep in mind that while Senior improved in the quarter, obviously, it makes sense to say, "Well, then how can MLR be up?" But this is the first quarter that you have CareMore in the model as well. CareMore being a SNF model and so, as a result, you have much higher MLR. So from a mix perspective, you can actually have a higher MLR but still be performing better than expected. And that is in fact the phenomenon that is happening within our book. Relative to the at least 150, obviously, we have that designated in expectations by quarter. We did exceed that in our expectations for the first quarter. However, what I want to remind folks is, with Raja here and the other initiatives we're taking, we are evaluating whether we should make further investments in Senior this year as well to drive even longer-term value versus more of what I'll call a kind of an ankle bite approach to get a little bit improvement each year. And so we're going to evaluate that, and we're going to make those decisions later. But again, relative to first quarter expectations, we are more positive than that. But we don't want to make short-term decisions to the detriment of the future.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, just -- as we commented early on in the call, though, our admits per 1,000 are down slightly. But in a vacuum, it sounds good. But we have to look obviously at the length of stay as well. And we are seeing the length of stay be up slightly on acuity, but the dollar value of that acuity is moderating versus a year ago. So in essence, it's kind of 3 moving parts. Overall, admits are down; length of stay is still remaining longer than what we've seen historically; but the actual cost is moderating. So basically, inpatient unit costs are up, but utilization is down a bit. And so all in, it's aligned with our expectations.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, the -- we've lowered overall revenue guidance by about $900 million, and the primary driver of that was really just the decline in fully insured membership. But part of that is driven by the fact that the small group in New York actually exited sooner than expected which is, as Ken had mentioned, a positive thing for us in terms of our product repositioning in the state but, at the same time, when it leaves sooner than expected. You're going to get lower revenues but ultimately, you're going to get lower claims as well. And so a substantial portion of that is really just the repositioning. When we look at other areas of our business, though, we actually have our ASO actually slightly improving as the year goes versus our original expectation. So it's really just a volume issue at this point and a timing issue relative to volume on the fully insured, but nothing more than that. And that's actually the same reason for the SG&A percentage going up, is that the actual dollars that we planned to take out for year, we're still on track for, and we're actually on track to do a little bit more than that. But the ratio is actually being affected by the revenue coming down.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, Ana. A couple of things I want to highlight is that we are still forecasting that AB 97 will be pushed through in some capacity. So we have not adjusted our guidance for that at this point in time. We did see some slightly better improvement though, relative to the small group in New York. Again, as we mentioned, with that being repositioned sooner, we are going to get a slight benefit in MLR. It does benefit EBITDA a little bit, but not a lot. It's more about timing. Again, as we get lower revenue, we're also getting lower claims. But that does position us there. That's part of the driver. And some of it is just our longer-term outlook based on what we saw, with trends being relatively consistent with expectations, but not really rebounding much more than we had expected. And so there's some belief, too, that we may see some improvement there. But we're really not forecasting much. Most of it is just -- is timing on this small group and really a lot of just small pieces in a variety of areas.
Wayne S. Deveydt: No, we have been truing up our rebates all throughout last year as HHS continued to provide more clarity. So from our perspective, we thought our number was fairly stated, and we weren't really surprised by -- I mean, to us, all the regulations have been pretty much clarified throughout last year by December. So we had ours trued up to be accurate as best as we could assume. So we have no rebate releases in our first quarter or are we expecting any short of the law changing.
Wayne S. Deveydt: No. At this point, Ana, I wouldn't. Because, again, I think we have a multi-year fix. And because of that, we were limited in product design changes and other changes. And so for that reason, I think that what we had assumed would occur. We did the maximum that we were entitled to do, and we're seeing that come through as expected. So I'm not really anticipating what I would call further upside in Medicare. I'm expecting it to be very much aligned with our expectations at this point, albeit it's a little bit higher. And obviously, more interested in how we invest more in that business for the long term. So not expecting much upside there.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Pete, as we've seen in the past though, whether it be the HIPAA 5010 or other issues where providers are required to change to a new identifier, this is not unusual. And so one of the things we prepared for was not only from an actuarial standpoint on where we picked completion factors. But more importantly, we built a SWAT team whose sole job over the last 3 months was that when a claim got rejected, because we knew it wasn't complying with HIPAA 5010. There was an immediate reach out, and so the vast majority of claims were reprocessed within 24 hours of the reject. So that is the discipline we're putting on it. Now that being said, 3 months later, you'd like to assume that most of them are in. But we're not assuming that in our completion picks at this point in time from an actuarial perspective. But there's both the operational group that we've put around it, and then, of course, there's the completion factor pick. But in terms of our own internal, as Angela highlighted, our paid cycle times are actually faster. It's really the HIPAA 5010 receipt time from the providers.
Angela F. Braly: And I think what's important and you should know is a lot of -- we are making investments in 2012, which will be reflected in the Senior and the Medicaid segment for the growth opportunity, both in senior and in the duals, beginning in '13. Because of the intensity of the population within the dual eligibles, the premiums, which are a compilation of Medicaid and Medicare premiums, could be in the PMPM range, $2,500 PMPM in year 1. And so it's akin to what we experienced today in CareMore for the special needs plan members and some of the duals that we are really taking care of within CareMore today.
Angela F. Braly: When we think about taking CareMore capabilities to other states where we have the Blue brand in particular, we're evaluating what both the senior opportunities are there, as well as the dual eligible opportunities in other states. And we're really marrying the capabilities that we have in CareMore now to the capabilities that we have and the brand that we have and the relationship we have with consumers in these other states.
Angela F. Braly: I think that's the really important question, one, that I've been thinking a lot about. It's reflected obviously in some of the changes we made, but we're really pleased to have Raja Rajamannar joining us and very focused on execution and delivery in the Senior segment. When we look back, we had a couple of very strong years in Senior performance. And as we look into the pricing that resulted in the performance we had in '11, I think, in many respects, we had a desire to grow that business and grow fairly aggressively. And when we look at the pricing and product, we do think that in '12, we looked carefully at what our experience had been through '11 and got very intent on looking at the capabilities to make those moves within the confines of the Senior pricing kind of limitations where we couldn't do that. We also exited, for example, the northern California market. So in terms of the broader question though, we've done a couple of things. One is we moved the actuarial function into finance with Wayne, who I think has done a great job of bringing those 2 elements together and creating a pricing discipline and redundancy, frankly, around the pricing areas. We're also very focused on execution overall, and we made some -- actually, I put someone in a position of really focusing on driving execution throughout the organization, Gloria McCarthy, who's an experienced operator, who was the COO for Empire Blue Cross, Blue Shield for many years and has been really instrumental in a lot of execution success we've had across the company. And so where the intersections of our company are, she's driving through and making sure there's follow-through and delivering -- I really feel great about our team. Today, we've got folks who are very focused on where the future is. We're transforming ourselves to be a consumer company. No matter what happens in terms of the regulatory environment, we need to really not try to just build on the base of how we've served a group customer, but really transform ourself to be focused on the consumer and deliver product and capabilities that are doing that. From a service, a pure service point of view, we continue to improve our service capabilities, our inventories, the stability and the improvements in our service metrics. Our customer satisfaction continue to improve. And we have been doing that while we have been migrating systems quietly under the radar. We've moved really over the last 1.5 years, 1 million members on -- National Account members. We're shutting down systems. So the purely operational execution actually has been going well for the last 2-plus years. So I think as we focus on -- and we have this additional pricing discipline for each of our segments, and I think we're improving there, and we have the right processes in place to continue to improve. If we look at, for example, the Senior pricing year-over-year, this year, we feel like there's much more stability in terms of the overall inventory. We have fewer age claims. We have better transparency. Frankly, we have better analytics into predictive modeling. We're going to continue to make investments though, in places that we think need to continue to be improved and enhanced. Like enhancing our risk coding revenue enhancement opportunity, continuously looking at cost/care capabilities and what CareMore has brought to us are some new insights. We're really looking carefully at product design just to create the discipline around product design, but also to really make sure it is rooted in the insights we have from the consumer and what's important there within the parameters of the regulatory environment. So we're obviously very thoughtful about these issues, have taken a number of actions and are accountable to deliver.
Angela F. Braly: Well, we don't know for sure that they're going to get all of the signatures by the deadline or not. We really think it's a redundant process and that potentially, it could cause further delay in terms -- if the prior approval authority is effected and implemented. The federal government has already said that what California has now is an effective rate review procedure. And so we will continue to deliver with the kind of transparency around pricing and our expectations around trend. And frankly, it's never easy, but those relationships are, I think, very straightforward. And we'll continue to make sure people understand the sustainability of the product in the marketplace is critical no matter what happens. But I don't think we yet know if they're going to get it, and we shall see. There's a number of other initiatives on the ballot as well.
Angela F. Braly: No. What I was saying is -- what my understanding is this -- the deadline is May 4. And my point here is what they are seeking is prior approval authority, which we think is redundant and unnecessary in light of what we think has already been declared by the federal government as being an effective rate review procedure. So we don't have an expectation they would go backward, Christine.
Angela F. Braly: Well, let me say, right now, we are operating as if the ACA is the law of the land, and we're going to continue to execute and prepare ourselves for the experience of the future, which we think is very consumer-focused and oriented. In terms of our rebate accruals, I think we have been very precise and created processes to be as precise as possible in terms of what the rebate accruals would be. We obviously took that into account in terms of how we priced products. So our rebate accruals are, we think, where they should be on a relative basis. We don't want to declare where that would take us in terms of July, and we would carefully consider the circumstances at that time.
Angela F. Braly: Well, and let me go back to that broader Blue question because clearly, some folks are aiming to disrupt that. What we have seen, and we've seen it over time, too, in our national account segment, which is sometimes, the competitors promise things to be on the "if-come". If you come, we will build a different network or something and produce savings. And our new National Account customers that have been with us, some big ones that have been with us over the last year, joined us over the last year or two, are telling us what tremendous savings they are receiving as a result of moving away from the competition to us. And the strengths of our, really, our value proposition are quite obvious. So sometimes, these things turn and people understand the difference, which -- we continue to sell against, those kind of promise of the future versus the reality of where we are today. On the broader Blue question, I would say there's a lot of focused efforts at the Blue Cross system level in terms of competition and collaboration and working together and creating more consistency. And I think you can see that around a couple of things. One, around Care Comparison, the tool that is -- one that was created here at WellPoint but then became the broader tool and a real focus on transparency and making sure that all Blue plans have the capabilities and the transparency tools that the customers are seeking pretty consistently; the medical policy areas are much more consistent than they were in the past; we're working together on Bloom, a potential private exchange market for the future; and then there's a lot of collaboration among Blue plans, really in what we always call the coalition of the willing. Rather than always having a system-wide effort, we see some more innovative approaches by a few plans coming together, adopting an approach and working together and then scaling that approach over the broader Blue Cross network. So the momentum is positive, and I think that these couple of accounts are going to just create more momentum for people to think about ways to work together.
Angela F. Braly: Let me reinforce in terms of trend. Trend is coming in where we thought it would. It is where we thought it would be for pricing purposes. So there's a little up and down here and there, but we are doing a good job at contracting. And we think we're doing a good job at managing the care that's being delivered as well. But it's right where we thought it would be.
Angela F. Braly: Well, let me speak to the rates because there are really 2 cohorts that get different rates in the dual California mix, as we understand it. One is really for the SNF population, which is different than the rate you would get from kind of an other dual. And so it's not clear based on either the demonstration or what the department in California has announced about how those rates will be blended. So our estimate at $2,500 on a PMPM basis is essentially a blended expectation. In terms of -- we've had a long-standing relationship with L.A. Care, and we'll be working with them to understand what the subcontracting relationship is. We think we have a very compelling case for enrollment in CareMore, given its facilities in L.A. And they were quite impressive in terms of the presentation for the other 2 counties that we're hoping to be -- would be the next round of that. So they're essentially going to be allocated enrollment. So we're going to just continue to work with both L.A. Care and the state to reflect those kind of market-leading capabilities and make sure that we get that share of the population that we think will be well served by that, by the neighborhood care center model and the CareMore capabilities that really extend beyond its care center capabilities. They really do a lot that relates to the inpatient care as well. And they have a model of extensiveness that help manage and coordinate care in those settings as well. So it is an evolving process and one that we're seeing very close to both the department and L.A. Care on.
Angela F. Braly: Well, when you look at it combined, the obvious -- the majority of the PMPM you're looking at is essentially the equivalent of Medicare payment. Now the way we are managing it, because the contracting authorities for it are the Medicaid authorities and the state, so you're interfacing with them. So when we think about it though, we think it's almost more akin to the SNF net population that CareMore takes care of. And even in some cases, more than that so to speak, very community-based relationships with local community organizations. So it's an interesting blend. We had community-focused initiatives in Medicaid, and CareMore has had community-focused initiatives. And so it's a unique blend, but the majority of the premium looks like it comes from the Medicare payment stream.
Angela F. Braly: Yes, that's a great question. Let me -- and it's something that we'll continue to think about as this opportunity evolves. What we ask is that Pam Kehaly, who reports to Ken Goulet and is our Plan President in California, that she lead our Medicaid businesses. And she's doing -- and it makes sense for a lot of reasons. One is she's the Plan President in California. California is the state in which we have had historically our largest Medicaid business, which is Medi-Cal. And Pam has the capability and the relationships there to evaluate the dual opportunities in particular and create a growth plan for us overall. So we will continue. And so it's just an interesting place for all of these things to come together and for us to really focus on how the consumer is served through this market. So when -- as this evolves and we look at broader markets and places, we'll continue to evaluate whether Medicaid and Medicare should come together in a more specific way. In terms of operating right now, we're making sure that there's absolute transparency and coordination. As I said, Medicaid is -- essentially the front end of Medicaid is with a state regulator. And California is the first place to really see this evolve, demonstration project. And the back-end care is the Medicare capabilities that we bring through CareMore. So it's a fair question and one that we'll continue to analyze. We're really pleased with Pam's leadership and the relationship that she has now. And Ken's staying very involved.
Angela F. Braly: Yes. We've had very intense efforts around 5010, and we make sure, in terms of any claims, that in the EDI process, don't come through as we expected, that we reach out. And we're really analyzing the reach out, making sure that the providers are either 5010-compliant and understand it. Or as we see issues, we're really reaching out to them proactively to address those issues. So while the incurred-to-receipt cycle time increased, the receipt-to-paid cycle time declined. So we continue to get the transparency that we think we need. And the stability in the inventory for us is really important to the actuaries, and they're feeling quite comfortable with what they're seeing in terms of overall inventory stability.
Angela F. Braly: So around our continuous improvement efforts, we're really trying to avoid reworks. So we want to be proactive with the providers because we don't want them to resubmit and have duplication and efforts. So we did a number of things around one-one. We really improved our implementation around new accounts and renewals. A lot of times, accounts want to wait until the last minute, see what happens and change their benefits. So we really worked with them to make sure that our implementation with them went really well. We're also really working to make sure our contract -- contract on the provider side come in without any kind of efforts to do rework or retrospective changes. So those are hitting our expectation. So despite 5010, we think this is the best one-one implementation cycle we've ever had.
Angela F. Braly: No, not really. In terms of -- we've always found that there are providers at different levels of sophistication. And so sometimes the larger systems have better preparedness for 5010 and had been better prepared for ICD-9 to 10 and how that's going to go forward. So we think it's more a level of sophistication and technological capability and not specific to geography.
Angela F. Braly: First, I think it's really important to make sure that you're looking at an apple and an apple. Because each of the trend descriptions can be different. And so, for example, what we use is we focus on our Local Group fully insured business, which is a very large, very steady block of business. Others sometimes include their individual business. Sometimes, others even include their specialty business, which may have a much more lower trend, so it brings the overall perception of that number down. What we look at and what we talk to customers about is the overall cost of care. We think we have a definite advantage, both in terms of the depth of the discount arrangements we have, the management of the utilization we have and then the SG&A that we have. And so trend is always relative to your starting point as well, and we think that we're delivering the overall value proposition in the marketplace. And we're winning accounts with discipline, frankly, as Ken described, so that we are getting appropriately compensated for the value proposition that we deliver. Okay. With that -- that was our final question. So in closing, let me say that we expect continued success by delivering on our mission to improve the lives of the people we serve and the health of our communities while creating a more affordable operating model. We're confident that as we execute and fulfill these objectives, we will continue to deliver excellent overall health care value. I want to thank everyone for participating on our call this morning and ask the operator to provide the call replay instruction.
