John Gallina: Yes. Thank you, Steve. Appreciate the question. And, the higher investment spending really is, putting more and more money into our AI and digital capabilities, investing more in stars in order to ensure that we improve our number of members covered by four star plan in the next rating period and beyond.  And, really the way that that care is going to be accessed here in the future is slightly different than how it’s been accessed in the past from really investing in the various networks and capabilities to meet the customers where they need to be met. So, we’ll provide a lot more specificity on that at Investor Day in terms of automating and reimagining processes and embedding digital and AI across the enterprise.  It’s all about simplifying and improving the customer experience. So, hopefully that can provide you a little bit of context here in the mean time. 
John Gallina: Yes. Thank you, Gail. And, good morning, AJ. Our 2021 trend expectations and really I think you maybe pointing to commercial pricing actions are very important, obviously many variables they have considered as part of our trend and our pricing assumptions. And I’ll just be clear for everyone on the call here for competitive reasons, we are not going to provide a specific point estimate of where we see trend coming or what our pricing assumptions are at this point in time.  But I do think it would be instructive to highlight some of the things are considered. First of all, there is a permanent repeal the health insurer fee and that repeal actually is going to save Anthem customers or actually $2 billion in 2021 and certainly we removing its burden helps mitigate the impact of cost. And also, really looking closely at how will care be accessed in 2021.  For instance, telehealth, ER visits, standalone surgery centers, other site of service changes, how are they going to evolve before and after a vaccine is available, And overall utilization be impacted or just it’s the way that CARES Act. Certainly, we are trying to assess the ongoing impact of COVID-19 testing and treatment, assessing how much pent-up demand still exists versus the permanent cancellation of procedures. And then how is deferred utilization impacted underlying acuity.  And like, the list goes up, those are all just variables that are incremental and on top of the normal variables that exists each and every year when we assess trends. So, the one thing I’ll say with all of that though, is that we are being very disciplined in our approach and we are being very disciplined in our pricing.  Our pricing covers forward trend. We have committed that. We were priced to cover forward trend and we’ll continue to do so. So we’ll provide more insights into this in early 2021 questions on our fourth quarter call next January. And of course, as I stated on March 3rd during our Virtual Investor Day provide a lot more insights.  But these are many of the variables that we are really working our way through right now as we finalize our 2020 year.  Thank you, AJ 
John Gallina: Hey, Justin, I apologize. Can you repeat the first half of your two-part question? I am not sure I understood everything you said. 
John Gallina: Yes. The HIF, as I said, that was part of the overall headwinds and tailwinds that we had and in response to AJ’s question, we’ve certainly tried to factor everything into our headwinds and tailwinds as part of reaffirming our long-term growth rate and really don’t want to get into cherry picking certain items as to why something as part of a starting point and my something else is not right. On HIF and of itself, we are looking at $0.60 to $0.80 of a tailwind in 2021 associated with the permanent repeal of that law.  Related to – as we said, part of it’s going to be is to help fund some of the investments in Medicare to improve star ratings and other things. So, there is certainly a lot of fungibility associated with any number of headwinds or tailwinds, but $0.60 to $0.80, I think is the dollarized impact of the question.  Related to the 2021 and the Medicaid rate environment, obviously we are working very closely with the states to ensure that we get actuarially appropriate rates working through whether it be the collars of the corridors and how those things are impacting the methodology, I think we’ll advice very wide open in terms of that. And as I said, conversations with our state partners regarding the need to have sound rates as we quickly return to a normal operating environment.  So, our expectation is, is that, we’ll be able to achieve a appropriate return on capital and operate well within the target margin range in Medicaid in 2021 and are actually focused on being relatively close to the midpoint of that range. 
John Gallina: Sure. Thank you, Ricky for that question. And maybe I’ll provide some context that might answer questions that are in the queue as well in terms of your question. So, if you look at the underlying claims that we are seeing, as I stated in my prepared comments that, they are, excluding COVID would be below baseline levels.  But then, when you add COVID cost back in, we are exiting the third quarter at greater than baseline. So, we started the third quarter with a combination of both underlying procedures and COVID cost being below baseline and we ended the quarter with the combination to being above baseline. We fully expect that the fourth quarter would be above baseline for the entire quarter given the recent surge in COVID, as well as all the other trends that we are seeing.  Associated with where we are seeing some of the rebound, outpatient surgery has recovered the fast as pre-COVID and it’s actually even trending above baseline in some instances. Some of the more costly procedures such as joint replacement surgeries have come back faster.  And a lot of that was anticipated and the actions we took to intentionally redirect care to the outpatient setting to ensure continuity of care are coming through. And to that end, we are focused on ensuring our members are getting the care they need in a timely manner, whether it be through telehealth or by redirecting certain procedures to outpatient setting.  The ER utilization is still below baseline at this point in time and we expect that to continue for a while as well. So, we are clearly taking all these things to consideration as we look at 2021 trends and as I stated for competitive reasons, we are not committing to a point estimate at this – on this call. But there is a natural system capacity constraint that will cause some utilization to carry into 2021 and we are certainly factoring that work off. Thank you for the question, Ricky. 
John Gallina: Yes. Ralph, thank you for the questions. In terms of target margins associated with Medicaid, we have – as you know, we have well over a half of our states are January 1 renewals and we are working very closely with them on rate actions. And that the trend information that’s utilized for January 1 renewals is typically the two prior years.  So, 2018 and 2019 are the – really the actuarially sound rate information we have associated with that. So, we feel very good about how those conversations are going and where those rates are coming out. In terms of 2020, it’s an interesting dynamic with all the deferred utilizations, the increase in COVID costs, some of the call backs of premiums, all in, we are – as you know, we’ve had a $22.30 EPS guidance that we reaffirmed.  The overall margins within Medicaid are coming out within the target margin range, but there is a lot of variables and lot of hard work to get there. But clearly, we are trending in the right direction during this period of uncertainty. Associated with the membership, as you know, we feel very good about our membership.  We think we have the most resilient membership mix in the business. We grow in periods of strong economic times. We grow in periods of economic uncertainty. And we made a cognizant decision here in 2020 that, we would help address the imbalances and inequities in the system created by the pandemic. So, as our membership continues to get stronger and stronger, we are helping give it back to maintain our guidance.  And then, lastly, in terms of the fourth quarter, we do expect the fourth quarter to have an elevated medical loss ratio and that’s because the underlying cost of services, plus the pent-up demand that is partially coming through, plus the COVID cost that we are covering on top of all of that, we expect to be above baseline. And so, we are usually looking at a 300 to 350 basis point MOR in the fourth quarter higher than what normal seasonality would suggest. But thank you for those questions. 
John Gallina: Thank you for the questions, George. I’ll start with your last question first. Our long-term stated growth rate is still 12% to 15%. There is no intention of tightening that and we do believe that the 12% to 15% range is a sustainable range that we can deliver on for quite some time. The comment about being too lower end was just really due to an overabundance of caution, given the uncertainties related to the entire pandemic and COVID situation.  Related to the utilization question at the beginning, we have done really a lot of sophisticated modeling. Our various scenarios that we modeled since the beginning of the crisis have been going on and we constantly updated and incorporate new learnings in the model as the pandemic is involved. The recovery in utilization maybe lumpy.  We do believe our assumptions are very sound. As I stated I think in an answer to an earlier question, there will be some natural system capacity constraint that we do believe will cause some utilization to naturally carryover into 2021. And just to be clear, yes, we have tried to think through all of those and incorporate all of those variables into our 2021 thought process.  And then, as I stated before, we are pricing the cover forward trend. And so, our expectation is, is that, that we will cover forward trends in terms of our pricing and our revenue associated with price differences. Thank you. 
John Gallina: Thank you, Dave. I’ll answer the first half of the question associated with the MOR. Yes, the fourth quarter of 2018, of course doesn’t need to be mix adjusted a bit for the fact that our membership mix has changed. But the fourth quarter of 2018 is as good of a starting point as any from a comparative basis to look at that 300, 350 basis point increase that I referenced. 
John Gallina: Yes. Hey. Good morning, Gary. And thank you for the questions. Yes, first of all in the business optimization, we did certainly exclude the charge here in the third quarter. And the benefits associated with that will certainly come through over a period of years and become part of our runrate cost savings associated with the administrative structure of this company.  And again, as we had talked about, we have got our plan to get to a 11% to 12% SG&A ratio by 2023 that we have referenced at our Investor Day and this is certainly one step to get there. The other part of the question or the answer I would say is that, we’ve also talked about incrementally investing really putting more money into the digital and AI, putting more money into the stars type of investments and we are obviously not going to exclude any of those cost from our numbers.  So, 2021, we think should be fairly clean from that perspective that we’ll have some savings and we’ll have some reinvestment opportunities to really help position the company much, much better for the future. 
John Gallina: Yes. This year, yes, thank you. And then, on the share repurchase, we’ve repurchased approximately $1.3 billion through the end of September. We have a increased share repurchase pace a bit here in the third quarter, especially when our stock price was really down, we thought far greater than what it could or should have been based on a PE multiple perspective.  We are obviously going to be opportunistic and watchful of market conditions. Our stated goal is to reinvest about 50% of our free cash flow into either M&A or back into the business, 30% in the share buyback and 20% in the dividends. As I’ve stated, I do believe that those buckets are going to be appropriate over a five year period of time.  They will never be exactly correct in any one quarter. And probably not even exactly correct in any one full year. But I would expect that we would continue our share buyback here in the fourth quarter and maybe end the year little bit higher than what we’ve been in the last couple of years, just given the weakness in the stock price that we saw.  And then head into 2021 from there. But at the end of the day, we need to be opportunistic with our capital and ensure that it’s being allocated appropriately. Thank you, Gary. 
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks, Steve. I’ll just also reiterate what John just said, which is, we have been investing what we found is that there is an opportunity to accelerate those investments as a result of the increased adaption that we’ve seen over the course of the pandemic, particularly in our digital assets, where we made significant commitments around our Sydney and our Psych Hub and other things where we are seeing our consumers more actively engage with those assets.  And then, stars is obviously a key priority for us and we continue to build a team there as well as invest in ensuring that we can pull through what we are doing in our pharmacy now that we have an under IngenioRx.  Thank you very much. Next question please. 
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question. Josh. I am going to have Pete Haytaian response to that on the commercial business. 
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question. I’ll have Pete add additional more color. But I as I shared in our opening remarks, we feel really good about our ability to increase our sales relative to our lapses.  And so, while this has been a very unusual year, we are still seeing particularly in the mid and lower – our small group business we are seeing really strong results because of our sales effectiveness. But I’ll have Pete give you a bit more, because I think the work that his team has done over the last two years is really showing results this year. 
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thank you very much for the question. Just real quickly, when we start with the planned switching, we do expect less switching this year as people are shopping less. We’ve had a strong and growing amount of sales from our digital channels and we do think that that is going to be particularly strong.  Early returns are showing that already. Obviously, face-to-face during a time of COVID is a little more difficult. So, again, we are expecting a very strong – strong results as I shared in our opening comments around Medicare Advantage and digital will be a very big part of that. Thank you next question. 
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. So I think there is two areas of the charge that I just want to make sure. One is around the reduction in the footprint, because we are reimagining our office space. And again, we are going to still be an office-based company and we will still have a presence in all of the states where we do business. But what we’ve learned as part of the pandemic is that, we are really going to change the nature of those bases and consolidate the number of them we have in each of it, places that we work.  In terms of the investments we made, those are all very consistent with what we discussed back in Investor Day last year. And again, what we’ve learned as part of the pandemic is an acceleration of both our ability to implement. So acceleration of digital that we’ve been building, that needs a great examples, Psych Hubs and other ones, telehealth.  All of those things we’ve seen consumers much more readily adapt and use than we had even predicted and so part of that is accelerating that and how our workflows and business processes as part of what we’ve been doing, we embarked on an initiative to really simplify our operating environment to improve experiences for consumers to take out redundant steps, improve how we reach out to consumers, use AI-enabled claim adjudication.  So, things along that nature. Very consistent, but it’s – again an acceleration that we see in usage pick up dramatically. So we’ve been able to accelerate the work that we are doing. Thanks for the question and next question please. 
Gail Boudreaux: In terms of the second question, why do we feel confident about our growth projections? There are few things. One, I shared in my opening comments, which is really very strong product offering. We expect 90 plus percent of our members to be in or have access to zero premium plans. Our supplemental benefits continue to be some of the strongest offerings in this space.  And then third, we believe that there is still significant opportunity in our states to expand. I mean, right now, we don’t have number one market share in many of those states and there is growth. We do have number one market share in the commercial space and our Blue brand is incredibly strong in those states. And then states where we are selling outside our Blue brand, we also are seeing some really nice momentum.  We have partnerships and joint ventures with our Blue rather. And so, again, we are seeing a lot of momentum. Our brand resonates well. Our digital channels are also resonating very well in terms of the sales to marketplace. So, overall, while we don’t have a significant – we have some expansion.  We expect to gain market share in our states and we do think that our 85 new counties that we’ve entered will also help us. But again, we feel our offerings are very strong and are resonating quite well. Thank you. Next question please. 
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question. I think, while you are focused on vaccines, no one really has the ultimate answer at this stage, where we are watching the situation very closely and learning about the potential. We’ve modeled a lot of scenarios into our pricing. There is a number of variables, obviously around vaccines including when they’ll be available from as early as January, or is it summer of 2021.  Clearly, dosing requirements, vaccination rates, storage, transportation, whole lot of things. I mean, that obviously goes to say that there is a ton of variables. But remember, vaccines are only one cost of COVID in total. We are looking at the total cost of COVID and I wouldn’t look at this into cancellation. Our goal obviously is to advocate to protect our highest risk members first.  So, again that gets to the timing. But we also understand that CMS is going to be providing guidance at some point and we’ll obviously look to follow their lead accordingly. Thank you. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, Scott. And, as I said before, our strategy, which we laid out at Investor Day has remained incredibly consistent. And so, we don’t see this changing our strategy. We have significant opportunities to partner with Blues, as part of our diversified business group. We’ve been very successful in selling in services and IngenioRx offers other opportunities.  And as you know, from our Medicaid and Medicare business, we’ve done a number of partnerships with them well and recently Ingest announced actually a partnership in our group Medicare. So, I think, from our perspective, as I said before, I see – I really don’t see this changing our stated strategy and I think that we are very excited about the growth prospects we have across Anthem. So, thanks very much for that question.  With that, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call this morning. As we shared today, Anthem is not a blow path for growth across our enterprise driven by our commitment to deliver a simpler, more affordable, and more effective healthcare experience for those that we are privileged to serve.  As always, I want to express my gratitude to our associates for their unwavering commitment to our customers, members and communities during this most challenging time for our country.  As you can see, we remain committed to delivering a simpler, more affordable and personalized experience for those we serve. And I look forward to building on our momentum throughout 2020. Thank you for your time and your continued interest in Anthem. 
