Kenneth R. Goulet: Yes. So Josh, the -- as Joe said, very optimistic about the opportunity in front of us, and the initial interest in call volume has been very high. It is different on how we'll track it by state and by the federal programs, which is about a 50-50 split for us. And in the states, we start getting 834 enrollment files in November. It varies by state, but we'll get initial reads in November. We are getting conversations and know where we're positioned, but there'll be some specific information coming through. On the federal exchange, right now, we are getting enrollments and we have individuals signed up. We do, as you've seen widely publicized, there are some challenges going through the application and enrollment process, but we have a feel for -- initial feel, but we're not providing numbers right now because it's just working its way through the system. I would just re-highlight, we've been working on this for a couple of years now. We knew that there would be some choppiness going in. We've hired bubble staff, we have a number of folks ready to assist our customers, working through the issues, and we're not at all surprised by the initial activity. I would highlight, it's a 6-month enrollment process. The reason it's 6 months is because there is an education process necessary and it's going to take some of our own marketing efforts as well as a greater awareness by the public. So I do feel that there will be continued enrollments right up through March. And just like Medicare D, there'll be more people signing up towards the end of the program than early on in the program.
Kenneth R. Goulet: Kevin, it's Ken. I'll address that. We were pleased with the addition of the New York account which was quite sizable and helped us through last quarter, but there is also a stabilization of the other businesses. One of the items going in with some of the challenges of the Affordable Care Act is that this is holding some other people to just, more or less, a wait-and-see attitude, see how things go, so we are not seeing some of the other attrition that we felt may occur going into the last quarter of quick-and-early shoppers. So we're a little bit more comfortable with our fourth quarter numbers.
Kenneth R. Goulet: So Justin, it's Ken. We did price for the trends that we anticipate. And we anticipate a bit of a trend uptick year-over-year. We priced for that in the disciplined pricing approach -- that we talked with our regulators and were able to discuss trends in each of those markets and agreed to what they would be. So we are anticipating a slight uptick, and we have priced for it in the 50 bps range. I would say, on the early renewal -- as mentioned earlier, the early renewals are really the better risk groups, so you're locking in better risk but at a revenue that pricing trend in about what I had just mentioned. We are going out with early renewals with anticipated trends built in and allowing customers to make a choice, of which is the best direction they should go, retain the current plans with a trend going forward or select amongst the metal plans that will be offered.
Kenneth R. Goulet: I think you covered it very well. I would say we also have over 720 hospitals on the hospital pay-for-performance system, which is a shared partnership. And we are spiking out our pay-for-value areas. There's such an interest, and I think because of our market share and because of the way we have a lot of feet on the street working with our providers that this is accelerated. I think with Joe here, it's given a good perspective for all of us on hospital and provider side, how best to build partnerships and it's a key strategy over the next few years.
Kenneth R. Goulet: So Matthew, I'll address it and I would like to address it -- it's Ken. I would like to address it from an on-exchange and an off-exchange basis for competitive environment. So first on the off-exchange or kind of the traditional pricing. I would say a couple of things. One, it has remained disciplined for us and generally disciplined across each of the markets. Second, there is some divergence, I would say, as we recognized a year ago as MLR impacts tied in that, that can change a specific carrier's pricing for a specific market. And I believe because of the early renewal strategies as well, there are some divergent areas from a market-to-market basis, but not really material. I would say if I looked across our markets as a whole, still very disciplined pricing and positioning works well. We have been a little bit more successful in having the tax deductibility built in just as we talked with regulators over the last 6 months. I would say it is a state-by-state discussion and impacted state-by-state. We and, from what we can see our competitors, in specific states, were able to put the -- recognize the impact of the taxes. For the on-exchange, we're generally very pleased with our positioning across most states with the strategies we've built out and the segments we're looking at. I would say it's -- we have good data going in, so we feel we're pretty well positioned when we make pricing assumptions. And there are some -- there's a wider variance on the on-exchange. There are certain markets that have a wider variance than you would expect. I would stake Colorado as a good example amongst our markets. The pricing on a metal level between the highest and the lowest competitor is pretty varied in Colorado. We're more towards the middle of the pricing spectrums and I would just say, I believe we have found in a few particular markets that there's a wider variance than there was expected to be. Now that will work itself out in the next year or 2 as experience runs in and assumptions play out. But on-exchange, more variance; off-exchange, very similar to the past few years.
Kenneth R. Goulet: On the -- I would say it requires discussions, negotiations and just knowledge on both on the middle to larger group. It's easier to point out and to have a good discussion, but those groups are also very competitively priced, and you need to have a good end pricing point. As you highlight the tax implications, there is an awareness and a very clear discussion around it. But ultimately, it is a little bit more price sensitive and market competitive. On the small group, it is a regulator-by-regulator discussion. There is awareness and I would say more acceptance by some than others, but we had very clear and open conversations about the impact and the need to be able to include it for sustainability of our products.
Kenneth R. Goulet: Carl, it's Ken. And I would say, you're doing some pretty detailed research, but it is a market-by-market impact. I would say, in general, our strategies were -- we were going to focus on products that our customers want and price because price would be important, but brand also does have at the consumer level, an impact. Our general strategies were to narrow our network and focus on our formularies, as well as have products that are appropriate products that our customers would want. When we look at our pricing, we went more towards -- on the state and federal exchanges trying to move products more towards the price point, so it was more geared to the bronze and silver, and we feel pretty comfortable with where we're positioned. There are -- most of our markets, we're very happy with where we are positioned, and we feel that brand will carry our membership and the early results are too difficult to tell, but we do seem to be pulling in the membership on a brand basis. There's a deep affiliation to the Blue brand. And then in a few markets, we are not positioned exactly where we wanted to be. We're higher and we need to recognize whether that is mispricing by competitors or whether we need to drive further changes into our products and networks for next year. But we do feel very comfortable with where we ended up. It's about where we expected to be. We did feel that we wanted to grab some market share, but we were going to be disciplined in our pricing to get there.
Kenneth R. Goulet: Carl, it's a good question. We generally don't, of course, comment about competitors. I would say you can check through the filings to see where certain -- are positioned or about how many markets are playing in. But I would say that no general surprises, although there are some trends you can look when you compare carrier-to-carrier and how they priced.
Kenneth R. Goulet: Scott, it's Ken again. And I would say, it's generally what we had expected. So let me give you the reasoning behind it. But I would say the Connecticut information has not been shared formally though. They'll be sharing their membership files with us in November, and it is preliminary, but we've had conversations and tied into it. So I'd first say that, it's pretty well documented, the time and the process used to go through the application process and enrollment. And therefore, the individuals that sign on early are going to have a higher acuity or be older and looking for coverage if they were unable to get affordable coverage previously. We expect to receive the actual enrollment files from the state in November, and we'll be able to analyze the business more in detail at that point. But I would say, the Connecticut numbers, if you look at them as reported, it was about 3,800 enrollees that were reported on. Half went to Medicaid, half went to the exchanges and 2/3 of the enrollment went to us or about 1,200 members. And that's just too small a membership number to draw any conclusion on. But based on our simulations, and we did over 58,000 simulations, to prepare and understand consumer behavior. We did see that the older would choose sooner, they're more interested, they're more likely to purchase gold in part because they're more risk averse and in part because of the higher actuarial value they're seeking. So there's no surprise in the numbers. What it does indicate, and what Wayne stated earlier is, to get the right risk pool, we need to do marketing, we need to pull people through the exchanges, we have planned for that. Our business and implementation control centers are ready to dial that up when appropriate, but we're going to get a better risk pool and the right risk pool as we market through a variety of channels, which include telesales, our broker support, direct mail, Internet purchasing and our search tools. So we have a number of activities that we'll be able to pull the membership in.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Josh, some of the fee is being baked into the current year numbers, although I will tell you it's a fairly small number relative to the size of the fee that we expect our business to pick up. I would say, in fact, it's probably south of 10% relative to the fee we expect for next year. That being said, we're having good success in passing on the fee relative to pricing. There's been an education that we've been walking through. But as we also commented on though, the bigger concern that we want to make sure investors are aware of, and our investors in particular, is the non-deductibility component of the fee and the challenges that are there that Dick and his team are working through. And it might be worthwhile for Dick just to at least comment on this briefly on the Medicaid side.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. Kevin, I would say that because individual and small group makes choices late, I wouldn't say there's as much locking in yet, although the early responses to our early renewal process has been favorable, and has been more favorable than we expected. That generally is better risk and it delays part of the potential margin compression. But we have all channels open. We have the exchange channels, the private exchange channels, our small group and we actually have transition plans for each of our customers and try to work them through it. So we're happy that the early renewal programs working for us and for other carriers, and there seems to be an interest. It's not fully locked in yet. I think decisions get made more in the November and December time frame for individual and small group where the majority of the early renewal activity is. But we're pleased with the way our communications have gone, the way we've executed the actual offerings and are able to help our customers through the decision process. Thank you.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I would say it's still open. I would say the initial conversations and the initial flow is positive, but I'm not going to give specific numbers right now.
Wayne S. Deveydt: We're still comfortable with our margin range of 3% to 5% based on the pricing we've put forward and what we have out there. I think the accounting question of 3Rs is an important one. One of the things we have some degree of comfort on though is that based on the size and scale of our book of business, we ought to be able to come up with a reasonable actuarial, at least, perspective of what we think the outcomes would be, and we will have a -- at least a base line assumption. Albeit, it will probably be conservative because of the unknowns, but we think we can have at least a reasonable statistic position to take on the 3Rs. The other thing I would like to highlight too is when you think about the risk adjusters, it's somewhat created on a curve, right, and ultimately risk pools are going to be dependent upon what each party gets. But both on-exchange and off-exchange is going to be subject to it and with the size of our individual and small group book business we have today, we have we think a unique opportunity to begin risk coding and have begun risk coding already on our existing book so that we can position ourselves to at least get to a point on the curve that hopefully either breaks even or makes us a net beneficiary. And again, we'll probably be conservative on our outlook, but nonetheless, we think we can have a position by next year.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I think our perspective was that the 3Rs protected organizations to up to about a 5% loss. That was kind of our best estimate. Again, there's so many moving parts, who's playing, how they're playing, what price points they come in, but I think at least based on the way we read the law today and on our own nothing more than a mathematical exercise at this point, we think that it generally caps losses if you had a bad market at around 5%.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I think our goal is just still try to target guidance with an 8 handle for next year, but we want to get through some of the challenges and opportunities that still lie ahead of us. The exchanges are so meaningful to the impact not only on enrollment but around mix between small group and individual, that it's really hard for us until we can get a little more data, say, over the next 2 to 3 months to really firm up that position. But I would say our goal is still to target guidance next year with at least an 8 handle.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. I think we should wait till we get more membership. And again, I can understand the mix profile better. And again, it's one of many of the challenges that we're talking about that we need to get better data on before we can conclude at this point.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I would say, at this point, Justin, we still have the full $300 million. Part of that have been spent obviously in the third quarter, and we continue to anticipate the majority of the remainder being spent in the fourth quarter. So we have not adjusted our outlook for any of that spending. One of the challenges we have is around the marketing dollars, and we have in the $70 million to $100 million range, still forecasted for the remainder of the year as it relates to the exchanges. And ultimately, when we spend those dollars is really a function of when the functionality of exchanges are working at the level that allows the consumer to get to the exchange and ultimately, buy -- hopefully, our product. And so those dollars are one of many variable factors that affect not only our current year, but also affect next year. Because again, we anticipate spending those dollars, it's just a question of when will the functionality be there to allow us to more aggressively deploy those dollars with membership attributed to it. So, Justin, probably not the answer you're looking for, but just recognize, our anticipation is we will spend those dollars this year though with the revenue attributed to next year, but those could lead into next year, which means on a comp basis, it could affect, ultimately, the year-over-year comp on how much spending happens this year versus next.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I'd say the spending there, first of all, in the Medicare side, is giving us the benefits we had anticipated. Some of that spending does curtail next year, but some of that spending on the Medicare is to offset some of the headwinds associated with the rate pressures for next year. And then on the Medicaid side, we really like what we continue to see in the book on Medicaid. We really like the growth that's there, and we actually don't think the opportunities will decline next year. If anything, there'll be reasons to continue to invest at that level and possibly more based on the revenue opportunities in late '14, early '15.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I would say that one of the items that we have an opportunity to influence is obviously the cost component of our cost of goods sold, specifically our negotiations with providers in the hospital systems. We are seeing a very tremendous success candidly in the current year. It's a big portion of our underlying run rate that we're seeing. In some ways, a bigger portion in the utilization trends that we've seen to date. I don't anticipate our success there being muted in the future, though I think that we have a very strong proposition for the provider networks out there. We can really help them in this new world of garnering market share and revenue. And we continue to have success in our negotiations. That being said, there's a shared responsibility in this new world for both us and our partners to find ways to make the product more affordable. And we're very pleased with what our partners are doing to assist with that. And it's one of the reasons you'll see even with areas like Part D that we're going to have a much more competitive product for next year than we've had historically, that really all of our partners are working to drive affordability.
Wayne S. Deveydt: One item I do want to add, though, for our investors, though, to keep in mind is that even our success in markets or lack thereof of passing on the tax. It's still relevant to the fact that you have to win the member to have the ability to actually pass on the tax and the non-deductibility of it. And so ultimately, it's important too though, that we not price our product at a level that causes us not to be successful though in attracting those members. Because again, it's very important that we have the member to have the availability, and then pricing becomes somewhat fungible, whether it be trend or the tax or the gross-up of the tax. So again, I do want to highlight, as Ken said, this is very surgical, it's very market-by-market, and it's very important that we evaluate the tax and the non-deductibility relative to the ability of maintaining or growing our membership.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Two things I would highlight on the accretion. One is, it is tracking slightly better than our expectations in '13. Probably more importantly though is, some items are tracking in our perspective slightly slower for '14 and '15 which is the pace of duals. And while we're happy with the success of the wins we have to date, I would say those are actually tracking slower than our expectations when we did the acquisition. That being said, Dick has done, I think, a tremendous job redeploying those resources into the WellPoint Medicaid book. And so we think we will be able to achieve the value we laid out in the original transaction, and some of the value that we thought would come in sooner is being offset by other opportunities. But nonetheless, I think we'll get the value long-term.
Richard C. Zoretic: Yes, thanks, Wayne. So just to summarize at a high level, we've obviously had a lot of conversations with all of our states about the fee. And I would say, in general terms, most states have indicated that they're willing to cover the fee itself in our rates. Now we haven't seen all those rates yet, so obviously, there's a lot of numbers yet that we have to have put in front of us. But those conversations, largely, have been encouraging. As it relates to the lost tax deduction, the way I would characterize the situation is that most states have acknowledged that issue. They understand it's real for us. But fewer states have confirmed at this point that they will actually incorporate the lost tax deduction into our rates, than have confirmed that they will incorporate the tax itself or the fee itself into our rates. So we're still in dialogue. It's still early. I'd point out that 6 months ago, we didn't have a lot of confirmation that the tax would be covered and we made progress there. But I would say our outlook, as we said in our prepared comments, is cautious at this point. And I think the other point that's worth noting is that, even if we get confirmation from states that they're willing to cover the lost tax deduction, there's the question of the timing of the confirmation and when we'll actually be able to take credit for that financially, if you will, in 2014.
Richard C. Zoretic: Well, I guess, I take the spirit of your question is being kind of how is it going, and my comments would be as follows: We've been pretty focused on investing in the fundamentals of the business since we arrived. What we found in the WellPoint book of business was a book that had a lot of opportunity for improvement just in terms of executing better on the basic blocking and tackling of the business, and that's what we've been very focused on. And in some cases, that requires putting more boots on ground, if you will, in certain markets to do the basics of the business and we've been at that now for a number of months and in some markets at least we're starting to see a little bit of progress in the underlying run rate as a result of those efforts. So we're -- it's so early, but we're encouraged by that, and it boosts our confidence that we're on the right path and we should just continue to stick to our knitting, if you will. Obviously, we're very focused on the integration itself and we've made a lot of headway there just in terms of bringing the 2 organizations together, creating a common management team, getting everybody grounded in the principles that we want everyone to pursue. And I'm gratified that by and large, the key leaders that we wanted to retain in the organization, both on the legacy Amerigroup side and the WellPoint side of things have stayed and are, in some cases, have been repositioned into broader roles and are performing at a very high level. So we're pleased about that. We're also very focused on growth. We've had a number of wins that we're pleased about, most notably Kentucky, Florida and earlier win in Texas. Wayne commented on the duals. Relative to where I think the industry thought the duals would be a year ago, things are moving at a slightly slower pace, but nonetheless, the opportunity remains significant and we think we're very well positioned. When we look at our assets, the legacy Amerigroup assets relative to managing the long-term care services, just the combined Medicaid presence that the 2 organizations have created and then all of our capabilities on the Medicare side, both with our Medicare Advantage presence and the inclusion of CareMore and their ability to manage the needs of the high-risk population, we don't think there's another company out there that has a better collection of assets than we do to compete and manage the duals. It's really just going to come down to a question of, do the economics in each of the markets that we're looking at makes sense? And we're looking, as we mentioned, at California, Virginia, New York, and Texas primarily and the financial equation in each one of those states is a little bit different, but nonetheless, we think we're well positioned and we think even if we don't play in every market, there's still a lot of growth associated with the duals and the markets that we do play in. And then finally, we're prepping for Medicaid expansion in 2014, and we're excited about that. So that's sort of the big picture answer to the question, how is it going? I think you also asked about the PBM. We are working with ESI at this point on a transition which will, at this point anyway, is assumed to commence in the middle of 2014. There will be a change in cost associated with our pharmacy program as a result of that transition per the contracted rates that we have with ESI, and we've been working with ESI to fashion customized networks, pharmacy networks, at the local level in each state to sort of deal with the cost impact of that transition. So we think at the end of the day, we're to going to wind up still being quite competitive as we have in the past and we'll provide further updates on that question as time goes by.
Richard C. Zoretic: Well, first of all, I'll say my ability to predict the answer to this question has been weak in the past, so I'm not sure I'm going to able to give you a great answer today. But we are moving closer, I will say that. There's obviously been a lot of back-and-forth between us, as well as the other players in California and the state, as well as CMS on the rates. There's probably more work to be done on the Medi-Cal side of the rate equation than the Medicare side of the rate equation. I'll say that much, and we're hopeful that we'll wind up in a good place when all is said and done. We very much want to participate in the program. Strategically, I think it's important not just for our company, but for the industry, and frankly, the nation as a whole. I mean, this is the highest cost portion of the Medicare program and the Medicaid program that we're talking about, and it's the least managed. And this is the first time that the states and CMS and the industry have come together to create a program to do exactly that. And as I said earlier, we have great assets and we think those assets can make a big difference for California and every other state, as well as the Medicare program. So our intent is sincere in that we want to play, but the rates have to be adequate at the end of the day. And if they're not adequate, we'll move on and we'll play elsewhere where they are.
Joseph R. Swedish: This is Joe. I might add that we've developed some very solid relationships with the provider community, particularly around value-based payment methodologies. We're finding a lot of interest in sort of a payment reform approach that truly rewards for a value creation. As an example, we have now in excess of 50 ACOs, various kinds of models and forms that we would put in place. But again, a very, very strong cadre of provider systems that are actively involved in value-based payment streams. Our primary care model is growing at a very, very good clip, and so we've got a tremendous number of physicians that are participating with us in these value payment methodologies. So you put it all together, I think there definitely is a momentum push occurring, that is very, very tangible, and I think will lead us into '14, '15 and beyond with some very unique methodologies for controlling unit costs. I don't know, Ken, if you want to add anything through that given you've been working directly with the provider groups.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yes, great. David, I appreciate the question. I'm going to specifically answer it. I'd like for Dick though to go back to the Medicaid question for a moment because he's intimately involved in the states. There's a lot of movement in state and some degree of unpredictability in terms of when they're in. So Dick? And David, I'm going to come back to your question because it's a very important question.
Joseph R. Swedish: Okay. And David, you asked about IT, I'll give you a very quick response. We are in a very sort of a deep dive analytical process examining our IT infrastructure. And actually, it's a 2-part equation. One is what I would call piping. And we're examining the lights-on cost for our IT systems. Obviously, if we can pare back some of that expense it allows us then to reinvest for the future with respect to information management, which is the other part of the equation, specifically around reporting and analytics. We feel we've got a tremendous opportunity there to vastly improve our efforts in that space so that we can be responsive to the needs of the marketplace, especially the provider community that are looking for expert reports and analytical abilities to help them better manage care. So my sense is that probably by Investors Day, we'll have a lot of clarity around our IT spend, and hopefully at that point, we'll be able to share some more insights with you.
Joseph R. Swedish: Thank you for your questions this morning. In closing, let me reiterate our key takeaway messages today. We're pleased with another solid quarter performance. 3Q results were better than we anticipated and continue the operating momentum we have established across the organization. We're raising 2013 membership and EPS guidance, which reflects our strong year-to-date performance and our continued expectation for higher investment spending in the fourth quarter as we begin our implementation of the Affordable Care Act. Exchange rollout has started, but it is too early to draw conclusions. Initial interest in the exchange products appear very robust, but there have also been some interface and technical issues, as well as other considerations that have been reported in the press. This is generally consistent with our expectation that the initial phase of implementation would likely be choppy. We continue to work with state and federal governments and support their efforts to improve the enrollment process. Based on what we know to date and our continuing review of the competitive landscape, we remain generally pleased with our positioning across the exchange markets. Our 2014 planning remains in progress. I know we've gotten a lot of questions today about our outlook for '14. I must underscore, it's simply too early to provide concrete guidance for '14 right now given where we are in the exchange implementation process. While our financial goal has remained consistent with those we've shared last quarter, our business planning remains ongoing as there are a number of uncertainties related to the ACA implementation. You can expect more information on '14, early in '14. We plan to provide more commentary about 2014 expectations in January with incremental details likely to come at the Investor Day in March, by which time we expect to have better visibility into the initial results of our ACA implementation. Our Executive team is committed to a three-pronged attack regarding these matters, specifically: consistency of practice, prudent decision-making and an execution focus that's necessary to win. I have a sense that we've certainly communicated a lot of those characteristics today, and I'm hopeful that as we get into '14, we'll be able to demonstrate it even more precisely. I want to thank everybody for participating in our call this morning. Operator, please provide the call replay instructions.
