Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, A.J. There's a lot in there. And as you know, 2025, it's a little early to opine on 2025, but I'd like to give you at least a little bit of color on how we're thinking about some of the things that you mentioned. Let me start first with Star ratings. So because as we shared on the last we are intensely working. Medicare Advantage is a very important business for us, and we're strategically committed to the long-term. And I will reiterate this year, we felt we took very prudent actions for a long-term sustainable business and feel good about our bid. So that positions us well for 2025 in particular. In terms of the Star ratings, again, a few things going on there. We shared on our last call that on the group business, we have a number of levers at our disposal that we are able to pull, and we're still moving forward with that. And then in terms of overall Star ratings, we do think that, that's going to be a multiyear initiative. But I wanted to share, as I shared on my early remarks that we have invested at the last part of the year, and we were investing actually prior to even the announcement, we have been successful at moving all of our business into our Health Advocate model, and we do know that we're seeing some early signs. We don't know where the points are going to come out, but we do feel good about the investments we're making. And again, we feel really good about where our bids have come out. Broader, let me take a little bit step further back because I think your question around 2025 is broader than just Medicare Advantage and Stars. As I think about 2025 again, not giving guidance on 2025, but we do expect to accelerate growth in 2025 and we've talked quite a bit in recent calls about our flywheel for growth, which is in our improvement in both the health benefits business and our Carelon segment. We anticipate that our health benefits business is going to continue to grow in 2025 after a reset year in 2024. We should see an accelerated impact to that growth, which will drive revenue for Carelon. And then Carelon also has been independently scaling its multiple new capabilities, and we'll share, I assume even more of those on the call today. And then finally, as you know, we took some actions at the end of last year around our disciplined operating cost efficiencies, and we expect to see even greater benefits from those as we digitize and use AI in our investments. So honestly, I think we feel that we've positioned our business very prudently and that the balance and resilience of our enterprise and our earnings power of our health benefits in Carelon together gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. So just a little bit more color on where we are. Thank you very much for the question. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks, Josh, very much for the question. And just maybe a couple of overarching comments because I think it's important that I'm going ask Felicia Norwood who leads our government business to comment more specifically. And I think it's important to frame that we made some very specific discipline decisions and feel really good about our bids entering into this. And Felicia, we actually exited some markets very specifically that were underperforming. So I think you have to take that into account. But she'll just provide a lot more detail on kind of where we landed this year and the perspective on the market. So Felicia, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you for the question. I'm going to ask Mark to address your first question, and then I'll come back and share our long-term views on Medicare.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, Mark, and thank you to everyone who joined us. In closing, we're pleased to have delivered another strong year in 2023, and we're confident that the ongoing execution of our strategy and the balance and resilience of our diverse set of businesses positions us well for 2024 and beyond. We're very excited about our future, and we look forward to sharing more on our progress with you in the coming year. Thank you again for your interest in Elevance Health, and have a great rest of your week.
Mark Kaye: Good morning and thank you very much for the question. Maybe let me start with the 2023, just to set the context here. So 2023 benefit expense ratio end of the year slightly better than our initial expectations at that 87%. And just to remind you, that represented the 60 basis point improvement year-over-year as well as falling in the lower half of our initial 2023 guidance range. As it relates to 2024, we are guiding to a flat benefit expense ratio of 87%, plus/minus 50 basis points. And our outlook here reflects a consistent approach to reserves and a prudent thought process around utilization, given the dynamic operating environment, especially for our government businesses. If I take a deeper look at the underlying businesses themselves, the health benefit expense ratio reflects that intentional management action we're taking in commercial. It will continue on through into 2024 around the disciplined underwriting practices and part of our margin recovery efforts. And then certainly, on the Medicare the advantage side, continued appropriate expectations around utilization and Medicare -- medical cost trends.
Mark Kaye: Stephen, thanks very much for the question. On Medicaid membership, our outlook reflects the footprint adjustments we spoke about on our third quarter earnings call and the continued attrition due to redetermination. We believe Medicaid redeterminations are approximately two-thirds complete across our Medicaid markets. And in general, we've seen more front-loaded disenrollment. Notably in a few large states that have elected to adopt accelerated processes. And then based on the trends that we've observed relative - or related to these market-wide coverage shifts. We have adjusted our Medicaid retention assumption, to be approximately 30% of our PHE related growth. We're not planning to provide point estimates for coverage transitions generally. We do, however, believe that ACA will pick up more than initially expected, while employer group coverage will gain a little bit less than initially expected. But most importantly, these updated projections are factored into our membership guidance that we provided this morning.
Mark Kaye: Nathan, overall utilization in the fourth quarter developed largely in line with our expectations. And that's evidenced by our reported benefit expense ratio, which came in favorable, as you know, to consensus and really to the midpoint of our initial full year 2023 guidance range. We did see pockets of high utilization, specifically in Medicare related to orthopedics such as knee and hip replacements and other outpatient procedures. But this is broadly planned for as part of our underlying cost trained assumptions. Similarly, we saw a seasonal up-tick in respiratory elements, including the flu and COVID as well as increased RC vaccinations. But again, utilizations were aligned with what we planned. We'll continue to monitor our claims trends closely, including prior authorization data. We remain confident that our Medicare Advantage bids for 2024, and our pricing commercial do reflect appropriate projections for utilization and medical cost trends.
Mark Kaye: Lisa, thank you very much for the question. I'll talk about health benefits, and I'll pass it over to Pete in a couple of minutes to talk about Carelon. On the health benefits side, we are seeing operating margins expand, or expect to expand by 25 to 50 basis points in 2024. And I think about this has really being driven by three primary categories. First is the continued underwriting discipline and the pricing actions that we're taking in commercial. 2023 really marks the end of the first full year of our efforts to recover margins from the pandemic era lows, and we expect those supporting initiatives really to continue through 2024, and then possibly into 2025. Second one, I'd call your attention to here really relates to the Medicare margin expansion. And here, as you've heard us talk about, this is about building that strong foundation for sustainable long-term growth in 2024. And striking that balance between growth and margin. And in 2024, we leaned a little bit more towards the margin and the growth and you see that come through in some of our outlook projections this morning. And then the third one, I'd call your attention to, is really the operating expense leverage, you see that we are gaining additional incremental leverage in 2024 with our guide down to 11.1% for the operating expense ratio.
Mark Kaye: Yes. If I think about Medicaid rates and acuity, the conversations with the states are ongoing. We'll continue to work with them and their consultants really to ensure that all adjustments are reasonable and reflect the risk associated with ongoing re-determinations in 2024. Our outlook for 2024 does assume a normalization of Medicaid margins. We already have line of sight into about 70% of Medicaid premiums for 2024. And we are comfortable with the actuarial soundness of the underlying rates, especially understanding the acuity for leaders versus stayers.
Mark Kaye: Justin, thank you very much for the questions this morning. We are confident that our year-end reserves are prudent and have been set consistent with historical practice. In the quarter, you're correct that we saw positive prior year development on a gross basis, and that was indeed favorable. It's worth pointing out here that that was largely offset through premium rebates, and colors as well as the reestablishment of reserves for the current year. An alternative way to think about this is that our full year days in claims payable decreased just 0.2 days year-over-year. And that's noteworthy in the context of the fact that we have observed cycle times to have actually decreased more than three days since the end of December 2022. And that should give you a feel for our comfort level around reserves. On your second question, just relative to the long-term target margin ranges, commercial is on track to achieve our long-term goals. Let's say, Medicaid is normalizing, but continues to perform well. And then Medicare Advantage for now is below our long-term target margin range.
Mark Kaye: We're all pleased with the performance of our commercial business in the fourth quarter in 2023. We did make meaningful progress towards our margin recovery goals in the year. I'd say January renewals have gone well. We certainly experienced to date higher retention than we did at the same period last year. Repricing actions, as you would expect, do continue to impact membership growth, but this is expected. And so, we're really continuing to expect approximately flat membership growth overall in our group risk business this year, while continuing to improve margins in line with our stated goals.
Mark Kaye: Thanks very much for the question, George. We are not looking to necessarily provide individual margin guidance within the Health Benefit segment. Certainly, we feel comfortable with where we're guiding to in aggregate for 2024 in the 25 to 50 basis point range. And we think that the qualitative commentary that, we provided in the call today should give you enough to get a feel for how the management team is thinking about this. Given this is my first earnings call, I just want to spend a minute on capital deployment before we close out here. And I just wanted to make the point that, I expect to continue with Elevance Health's existing strategic policy around capital deployment. As I believe it really strikes the right balance between growth, and the return of capital to our stockholders. And just as a reminder, we are going to target 50% of our free cash flow towards M&A, or organic reinvestment and approximately 50% is a return of capital to our stockholders, either via the 30% for share repurchases, or the 20% for dividends. And each year may differ. But over the years, we expect to allocate capital consistent with this framework.
Peter Haytaian: Yes. Let me - thank you, Sarah, for the question. Let me talk about Carelon Services growth. And we are very excited about the opportunity and the progress that we're making with respect to services growth. I think you saw that play through in 2023. We committed to double-digit increase on revenue, which we achieved. And as it relates to our 2024 guide, you saw that we're talking about high teens, low 20s growth. And it's really playing through our strategy that we talked about focusing in on complexities in healthcare, high-cost spend areas, and really driving capitated risk in key areas, to support our health plans. In 2023, we did that with our post-acute care initiative, DME, wound care. And as we move forward into 2024, I mean Gail mentioned this in the prepared remarks. We have new offerings that are whole health full risk opportunities like oncology, assuming full risk in oncology, as well as in Medicaid with behavioral health with the seriously mental ill population. So, these are significant initiatives that are really propelling the trajectory of our business. I would also say that as it relates to external growth. We're also seeing really nice improvements from that perspective and really nice momentum. Our pipeline in 2023 or 2024 growth was much more significant. In terms of our sales this time versus last year, we've seen a real nice trajectory in our growth. And we've had a couple of really nice notable wins with the Blues. I would say that as it relates to that and the opportunity with the Blues. They are doing exactly, what we've talked about in the past, and looking closely at some of these full risk comprehensive offerings that, we're delivering in Elevance Health and then very interested in that in terms of the opportunities to create predictable stable cost of care for them. So, very pleased with where we are in the trajectory of growth in Carelon.
Peter Haytaian: Thanks Mark. And Lisa, your question was on the trajectory of the margins in pharmacy. So, you'll recall that this year, in 2023, we made pretty significant investments as it relates to the acceleration of BioPlus and Advanced Home Delivery, and that puts some pressure on our margins in 2023. That will not repeat itself in 2024. We did go live with BioPlus on January 1 as well as with respect to Advanced Home Delivery. We're really excited about that, and it's moving in the right direction. And over time, we've built those products for scale. And as that business builds and progresses, we will continue to see margin improvement. So that is, what is - delivering an improvement in margin in 2024.
Peter Haytaian: Yes. No, thanks, Ben, for the question. First of all, we're very pleased with the operating performance of Carelon. You saw that play through in 2023. I think we committed to 25 to 50 basis points of improvement. You saw 70 basis points of improvement year-over-year. So that it's performing really well. You answered the question already, as it relates to 2024, quite frankly. We are, as Gail talked about, and as I talked about earlier, launching some very significant at-risk product offerings, both oncology, seriously incrementally ill population as well as others, and that comes with a lower margin in the earlier years, but then improves over time. So that is precisely what was creating, the pressure on the margin in '24.
Peter Haytaian: Thanks David for the question. As it relates to 2023 and the growth of around 18.6% that did exceed our initial guidance and as you alluded to, that was driven primarily by the BioPlus acquisition and including BioPlus and our results to a lesser extent, drug mix and trends. But I would say as it relates to 2024, I would say we have tremendous momentum in the business. And we're really excited about how our strategy is playing through. We've talked about assuming the strategic levers that really matter in our business. We've done that with Specialty Pharmacy and BioPlus. We've done that with Advanced Home Delivery. You heard about the recent announcement of Paragon and infusion, which we're really excited about. And then there are several new product launches that are resonating in the marketplace that we've talked about previously, like EnsureRx as one of the examples. And this momentum is playing through in our sales in 2024. We are having a good season. Obviously, that activity occurred in 2023. Our retention remains strong. Our sweet spot does remain in that 3,000 to 10,000 range in terms of the business that we're attracting. And as you know, there's a little more reticence in terms of the larger jumbo accounts moving. But I would say that a couple of notable wins there. We saw a couple of wins in the 20,000 to 50,000 range. So, we're really excited about the momentum in Carelon and what we're doing strategically, and how that's playing through in the marketplace.
