Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, thanks, Angela. Let me first state how we're -- how we've have been pricing so far for renewals that have occurred this year as they relate to '12. We would clearly have been pricing to date based on trend elevating to more historically normal levels. Obviously through the first 9 months of this year, we've not seen that occur yet. But we are making the assumption that, that will in fact occur and that we will price as if that event would happen. Again, for the first 9 months it does not happen at this point, but we would prefer to take that more cautious view. As we mentioned earlier relative to trend, we are lowering our full year guidance now from previously 7.5, plus or minus 50, down to 7 and that will become at least a new starting point for us as we look forward.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I think, John, I wouldn't be viewing it from that. But again, when you look at the mix shift, we're seeing more normalized flow, more normalized utilization. The mix shift with the business changes in some ways. But all in all, yes, I mean, I think it's clearly, at levels over where we've been seeing a trend at over the last 9 months or for that matter, over the last 2 years.
Wayne S. Deveydt: And Charles, one last comment I want to add to that, though, just to remind to is that unlike other expansions in the past in the vertical model, CareMore has had 5 years of piloting, 5 years plus. The model works. We've seen the results. We do want to highlight that the -- it's approximately an 18 month break-even period per location, as they open. And then we've seen IRRs in each location well in excess of 25%. So this is clearly investing an investment in our future. We have a track record from this management team of great success already, and we're going to be very focused on how we roll it out and we're doing this will making it mutual to earnings. So in this case, CareMore are generating net profit from other facilities and locations that we can actually cover these investments through their existing operations.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, I would say beyond normal seasonality, Justin, that we saw in the third quarter that you would typically see anyway, trends are still playing very similar to what we saw earlier in the year versus expectations. So I mean, I'd say we're still seeing new [ph] trend on both utilization. And I think the point that Angela highlighted is probably even more relevant that while utilization is staying very new to this point. Our activities around pricing has been quite significant, and that will continue to get better and we believe, over the next several years. So it's important to recognize who to -- about 1/3 of our hospitals renew each year that provide the context doing so. We're just starting to see even more of the impact of that come through as well, in tying compensation to quality.
Wayne S. Deveydt: It's reasonable. But again, let's wait until 2012 for further guidance. But I'd say right now, we have confidence in our pricing and our outlooks.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I think SG&A will be meaningful. But I also think we're very having very positive results in a lot of our lines of business beyond just SG&A. So I think we're seeing core improvements from our operating results. We've seen that in our individual business and all of our segments this year. We're very happy with that. Now that's progressing. Our small group is doing quite well as well. So the one thing I would say Justin is, it's not just going to be the G&A that will help us achieve our EBITDA growth that we believe will achieve as well. But we are seeing core improvements in investments we've made in our businesses coming through in virtually every line of business.
Wayne S. Deveydt: And the only last thing I'd like to add, Josh to your question is, clearly, just as prior period reserve development gave us a negative comp for the current year, it will give us a positive comp for next year, because we'd strengthened reserves. There's no need for us to further strengthen. We're well within our targeted range and in the upper end of our targeted range. So from that perspective, we would fully expect not to have to do that. The only other thing I want to highlight again, and as Angela said, we cannot get ahead of our Board on guidance for 2012. What we try to do is be transparent with our shareholders based on what we know at this point in time. And depending on other assumptions you may, as you develop your models, around headwinds and tailwinds, it may lead to an EPS increase in the general direction of our long-term targeted range. But again, the key for now is we want you to be aware that even the headwinds we've outlined, we believe it will more than cover those. We really think we're positioned well. And I would also say that the clarity around '11, '12, and '13 is much easier to evaluate and look towards as we still wait for clarification on some of the rules for 14. So we think we have a pretty good outlook in terms of the next several years based on the clarity we have in the current regulatory environment.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Josh, we haven't quantified that. It's all because of that is both the mix of refund business and non-refund business. What we had said, is that how our reserves develop, as of 12/31 versus how much we tried to strengthened at a minimum. We have said publicly in the past about $40 million will get you into a more normalized level. But obviously, we saw opportunity and strength in a little more than that this year as well.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, Christine, the only thing I would comment is one, would be pull CareMore off to the slide for a minute. Because clearly, as we grow that model, those will be separate investments and we'll highlight that. But in terms of a pure run rate, SG&A, it is based on all memberships. It's on a PMPM adjusted basis. And why a Senior member does cost us more, we recognize that mix shift, but we still believe on a run rate basis we can get our SG&A and PMPMs flat to down. So we're covering other investments that we're making. But in it of itself, CareMore will add a lot more G&A. The thing for CareMore for the quarter, Christine, is it was about a $30 million impact on our SG&A for the quarter, but only about half of that related to the one-time cost that we incurred with the transaction. So that gives you a little bit of a gauge of the impact. So when you get a full-year impact on the one-time cost aren't insignificant to the full year for this year or that. It did, more or less, affected the quarter only.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, Kevin, the short answer is we didn't need to do it. Essentially we saw things coming in better than anticipated, and rather than holding those reserves down, we'd rather chose to maintain them at the more elevated levels that they develop that. So it was just another opportunity to further strengthen our balance sheet. And so from our perspective, it was just positioning us well as we move forward into 2012.
Wayne S. Deveydt: I really appreciate the question on this one because essentially what you're seeing is, as we do the rolling 12 months, you can have disparities in those metrics move from one quarter to the next quarters as an old 3-month period rolls off, and a new 3-month period rolls on. But I can tell you that on an absolute basis, trend is still coming in lower than our expectations. We model what we expect to get for pricing in a year and then we aggressively go out and negotiate based on quality metrics in others. And we are beating that across the board in all areas. And we will get the run rate benefits of the first year of those contracts over the next 2 years. But as Angela said, we're getting them after. So it is literally the math. I hate to make it that simple. But that's really what it is it. It is simply drop the math of when one quarter rolls off, and then another rolls on, depending on the time of those roll-offs. And what happened in that previous quarter versus the current quarter, it can distort those small differences between seeing slightly up or slightly down.
Wayne S. Deveydt: On a run rate basis, again, we haven't given guidance yet. And obviously, our net income is important by a lot of other items. We couldn't realize gains and losses and others. But I do believe that our tailwinds will exceed our headwinds on absolute dollar basis going into next year.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, a couple of items. First of all, when comparing last year to this year, keep in mind that last year we did have a favorable reserve of leases that were over $105 million. That is going to create a comp issue for us on an MLR basis. In addition, recognize that we will have CareMore in our results for the first time. And as you know, the Senior business isn't in over a higher MLR business than other businesses. So that does create a little bit of a comp problem if you're looking to periods. And then in addition, as Brian mentioned, that we are assuming that AB 97 will in fact impact us starting at some point in the fourth quarter. And that of course does a load of more MLR impact for us as well. Obviously if that doesn't occur, then you'll get a different result. Relative to discharges that we're taking the fourth quarter, of the $50 million, there are a number of initiatives that we've been doing across the company to continue to become administratively efficient and create a low cost, operating, and affordable model for our members. As we continue to make these investments, we have certain facilities that we're consolidating. And about $30 million of that relates to clearly the one facility. There's approximately 8 years left on a lease. So we think the present value of those lease payments as a write-off in the fourth quarter. We will clearly try to sublet that, over the next 8 years. And if we're able to do that, that would be upside. But if you think about it in simple terms, the third divided by years on a present value basis, you pick up about $4 million per year run rate. But we also save, obviously, around utility costs, we save on insurance, we save on other things. And it's part of longer-term plan to getting to a more efficient model. And then the remaining $20 million, just relates to some of the benefits and savings that we expect to further get as we consolidate systems and are able to be more efficient in the support that we have around our remaining business.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes, and we will provide more detail at our IR day. One of the things that I will say, though, part of that improvement clearly, is because our California business is improving over our initial estimates of the loss of $170 million. That's improved for us already. It's still a loss, obviously, in excess of $130 million, $140 million already. So we are seeing improvement. Now that exit, there are certain fixed G&A costs that we have to absorb. And that cuts into some of our G&A efficiencies. We are expecting growth, though, in many markets. And while we expect good membership growth -- in fact, even with the exit, we do believe we'll be able to potentially grow in Senior, even with those exiting the RPPO in terms of membership. But it's important to recognize who they were, headwind cuts across-the-board, though, for everybody next year, regarding the pricing environment from a CMS terms and what we're paid. So we believe we're able to offset all of those as well and still grow modestly excluding the RPPO next year. And the RPPO obviously adds a big tailwind for us.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Yes. Ana, if you look at, kind of, the distribution of our membership in the RPPO, we have a lot of population in Northern California. If you look, there are a number of plans that are offering, either PPO or HMO plans there. So I think there are available options. In Southern California, again, we had 13 local PPOs approved, the majority of which are, kind of, in Southern California or in Central California. And really if you look across, we have a variety of plan options ranging from slight benefit changes, slight increases in go-pays, to -- up to, as you said, $40. And we feel that we're going to be competitively priced in the middle of the pack and be able to recapture a portion of that membership.
Wayne S. Deveydt: Okay, that's a couple part question. So in terms of -- you're correct, CareMore has historically, done a very good job in terms of risk coating and revenue enhancement. And so certainly, with that expertise in the company, we've had a number of initiatives for the past several years. We've made, I think some pretty good strides in that area ourselves, but obviously, we want to leverage the expertise that we have in-house. So we expect that to continue. If you look at our STARS ratings, on our -- just organic business, all of our markets are at least a minimum of 3.0. Some of our key markets, where we have a lot of our membership, particularly in clinic-based models are already at 3.5. So again, we'll leverage the expertise that we brought in-house from the CareMore team. But we're also making, I think significant inroads. If you look across in our -- across our population, I would say about half of our current MMA population is in managed HMO products already. And we're looking to not only continue to grow clinic base, HMO products, but also on a local PPO basis.
Angela F. Braly: No, I think we should add a couple of comments there. One, is when you look at trends and obviously lowering it for this quarter announcement, and everyone's talking about utilization, which we are experiencing as well, but also we've been successful in our contracting efforts this year, which have contributed significantly to our results. And we typically have 3-year contracts, and this was the first year, I think we've seen better than expected contracting results. And we have a cycle now 2 more years, and we're going to be very focused on getting the right results there. And also I think it's important, Ken, maybe can speak to pricing, the rationality of pricing in the commercial market for sure, and how this trend assumption is working out in the marketplace.
Angela F. Braly: So clearly, and I'll let Ken speak to this. He's been leading efforts around Bloom and our efforts with all of our employers. Affordability is a real issue whether it's individuals or companies. And the obvious interest of companies is to create a hedge against their long-term healthcare liabilities. So they're quite interested in defined contributions, particularly as they go into a reform environment. They've been looking at it for retirees for the last couple of years. So, Ken, you want to speak to Bloom and the defined contribution, and then more of their appetite for that.
Angela F. Braly: Let me speak, Doug, to the issue about contracting, too. Our approach is very focused on the right partnerships that would provide our -- a focus on primary care in particular, and what we are doing through this contract negotiations and the focus on quality is aligning the risks and incentives that we have, that employers who are self-funded have, with the provider community. Also we're anticipating and executing on quality measures like the STAR program and Medicare, the heated [ph] measures and State Sponsored. We anticipate exchanges will be quality-oriented as well. And so as we align with providers around those incentives, they see upside in the essentially risk relationship that we're developing or rewarding them for quality. And as Wayne said, we have typically 3-year contracts. This, I think, wasn't a year where really experienced a better contracting relationship with some of our providers, and we have 2 years in that essentially 3-year cycle. You'll see a lot of evolution though over the next couple of years in terms of the models that we're bringing forward whether they're patients that Medical home models, ACO models. Whether it's bundled payment arrangement, capitations, as well as the benefit design changing. So have reference pricing designs in some geographies. So I would expect those efforts to continue to evolve over the next few years. And it's a recognition that we all have, that we need to appropriately manage costs and improve quality.
Angela F. Braly: Let me answer that in a couple of ways. One, obviously WellPoint's uniquely positioned a Blue plan consolidation opportunities that we are and really came from. But I have to say, it's reflected anything in our partnership, both with Michigan for the Bloom acquisition as well as with HCSC in South Carolina. On Medicaid, that we have a number of opportunities short of conversions and combinations to create more scale and seamlessness throughout the Blue Cross system. We've done that very effectively in National Accounts. With a Blue Card program, we're doing it, and quality initiatives. We're doing it in transparency initiatives. Our Anthem Care comparison tool was adopted as the Blue Cross Blue Shield tool for transparency for all members. We have a great dental program that we're working with the other Blue plans to create -- really an unbeatable dental network that's seamless. So yes, I think over time, the benefits of scaling and consolidation, benefit our customers and as a result benefit our shareholders. I think, realistically, we're not expecting that in short-term, but we're going to continue to work on these partnerships which we think will add scale in any event.
Angela F. Braly: Thank you. I want to thank everyone for their questions. In closing, I want to reiterate that we're pleased to be exceeding our original goals to the first 9 months of 2011. We've grown organically and modestly through acquisition this year, and have done so well realizing the significant administrative savings and efficiencies across the organization. We expect additional success in the years to come and we'll continue to focus on providing outstanding and innovative products and services for our customers. We look forward to providing you with more information about our future expectations in the months ahead. We're currently planning to host an Analyst Guidance Conference Call in February to discuss our 2012 financial expectations and longer term outlook in more detail. I want to thank everyone for participating on our call this morning. Operator, please provide the call replay instructions.
Ken R. Goulet: And, John, as I look at how we're working in each of our markets, we've -- we're in a competitive marketplace but a very market rational marketplace. As we indicated last quarter, there's occasionally a few activities where carriers may be responding to MLR activity, but in general, very rational across the board. We're anticipating a slight rebound in trend and pricing for it, and it appears that our positioning remains very consistent with others in the market. I'm very comfortable with our pricing and at the same time, very comfortable with where we are competitively and with our membership.
Ken R. Goulet: Sure. Doug, the Bloom acquisition that we did along with HCSC in Michigan was a joint approach to help meet employer needs. That for say, when your general question, employers are looking at affordability and predictability over the next several years. And many of them, along with their consulting partners, are doing multi-year planning right now. And we wanted to make sure that we had a portfolio that met the needs of many different ways that employers could go. One of the ways and the strong interest is in the affordability or the predictability of a defined contribution model. And there are advantages over Individual and that it offers both some tax advantages, as well as the guaranteed underwriting across your entire population. So we've had a lot of interest since announcing it, from a number of both large and small group employers. We plan to be introducing it in 2012 on some renewals and then fully introduce it in 2013. Now I would just say, that the market feedback has been quite strong, and I think what employers like are the tools that are available through the asset that we purchased to help someone choose their coverages and the variety of coverages available. And that it really lets a member look at the dollars available to them and make sure that they make a planned choice that's best for them and their families.
Ken R. Goulet: Yes. First, as Angela said, it's the only one we compete with another Blue. It's always been a competitive market. And California has a large number of competitors. But we've seen in general, we're beating our plans, in both membership and in our general positioning for California this year in small or large group. We are aware of the comment made in the other -- with one of our peer groups. And we have seen some -- more competitive positioning, but it's more on the ASO market than in the fully insured. So the fully insured seems to be rational in there. As they're always are, there are spikes in certain areas where a competitor gets a little more aggressive with one type of program or another. And we've seen that in California but nothing that really has moved us -- moved our needle much at all.
Brian A. Sassi: Sure. As Angela said, the expansion of CareMore is really very focused. We thought it was an exceptional model, particularly focused on the special needs plans and the chronically ill. Currently, CareMore operates in -- largest footprints in California with a small footprint in Arizona and Nevada. And we're taking a close look at how can we expand that model and our plans are to at least add 12 more care centers to the existing 25 care centers that exist. And we're going to be very selective about the markets that we go into. We have large HMO Medicare populations and a couple of other geographies. So we're taking a close look at that. But this is going to be a very measured approach because this is really a targeted model. Plus the other thing that's really attractive to us about this model is, it's very effective at managing the chronically ill, which is going to be very instructive and helpful in managing that -- those populations in some of our other businesses. So taking some of the principals at care management, the CareMore is successfully deployed, and rolling that out across some of our other businesses was one of the other, kind of, strategic values in the CareMore purchase.
Brian A. Sassi: Yes, it's a little higher than that. Part of that's is capital, part of that is expense, but that's pretty accurate.
Brian A. Sassi: Okay. You're correct, we have a little more than 110,000 members in the RPPO in California. Exiting that, we do expect to attrit a fair amount of that membership. But as you recall, we do have 13 local RPPOs approved in California. So we'll be expecting to retain a portion of that membership. And as Angela mentioned, we also have quite a bit of expansion in other geographies ongoing next year, 136 new counties across 11 states. So we do expect to gain membership and to grow Medicare Advantage kind of, given that overall footprint. And given -- we've been very focused on expanding the footprint across our 14 geographies. We still have a lot of headroom to go in future years. We're not border to border in terms of HMOs or local PPOs. And so you can look to expect additional expansion not only next year but in the years ahead.
Brian A. Sassi: Yes, specifically, to your question, Christine. We're currently working on our 2012 rate increases. We have not filed with either of the California regulators yet. But expect to be doing that shortly.
Brian A. Sassi: Yes, Matt. That's really a combination of a couple of things. One, we've taken a look at the impact of AB 97 in California. Remember, that about half of our Medicaid population is still in California. So we've taken, I think a fairly consecutive view. But accurate and build that into our 2012 plans, and then that coupled with, kind of, the ongoing situation with state budget deficits in other geographies and anticipating that some of the rate negotiations may result in a slight premium reduction. So it's really the combination of expectations of those 2 things.
Brian A. Sassi: Yes, I'll take that, Scott. Medicaid is really the story of where you do business. And so as we look across our different geographies, we have seen in the first half of the year, a slight uptick in some markets. We haven't seen that in other markets. So I think that's why you're hearing potentially, kind of, conflicting stories because as you look across our footprints are all very, very different.
Brian A. Sassi: No, I think you covered the pretty important points. We're looking to increase the scale of the business, but organically. And we will continue to look at every acquisition opportunity that comes up.
