John E. Gallina: Hi, A. J., this is John. Thank you for the question and good morning. Yeah, so a couple questions in there in terms of MLR and G&A. But, first of all, in MLR, your math is certainly appropriate from the first half to the last half. And really what we've seen is that we've got an elevated amount of utilization specifically in the ACA Individual compliant plans as well as in Medicaid and most significantly, they're in Iowa. And we're at least, for purposes of our outlook, assuming that that elevated level is going to continue throughout the rest of the year. So, while certainly if there's any mitigation factors or medical management initiatives end up being more successful than we're planning, there could be upside. But it's really it has to do with taking the elevated levels of utilization we've seen and just essentially run-rating them for the rest of the year. In terms of the G&A, I'd say the bulk of the G&A is sustainable. What we've really done is done an outstanding job of fixed cost leveraging. We're increasing membership here this year between 1 million members and 1.2 million members and maintaining our cost structure relatively constant. We are growing. Our head count increased in the second quarter, but it increased at a far, far slower rate than our membership increased. Revenue's going up about $2.5 billion, $2 billion to $2.5 billion for the change in guidance from the beginning of the year to today, yet the raw SG&A number is only going up very slightly. And so, it's really has as much to do with an excellent job of fixed cost leveraging. And clearly we are looking at some inefficiency and waste in terms of our processes and continue to look at those very closely on a regular basis and try to eliminate those things. And at the end of the day, the last piece of it really is that we're a pay-for-performance company. And as a pay-for-performance company, in order to get our bonus payments, we have to hit our targets. And to the extent that we don't hit our targets, we'll reduce our bonus structure. So that's something that we're looking at very closely, as well.
John E. Gallina: Sure, Josh. Great question. So, yeah, first half we'll be clear. On the MLR, yeah, the first half of the year had the benefit of three Rs in it. The run rate of claims outside of three Rs is worse, and so that's obviously being baked into our outlook and our thought process. On the admin side, quite honestly, the single largest driver of that year-over-year is the bonus program that I referenced at the end of A. J.'s question in terms of being a pay-for-performance company. We adjusted our bonus payable appropriately based on ensuring that we're going to hit our $10.80. And so, that's certainly a positive, the reconciliation.
John E. Gallina: Yeah. The three R benefit in and of itself, we don't provide the level of specificity that you're probably asking for. In terms of Iowa, I'll just say that Iowa is a brand new market and we expected it to be dilutive in 2016 as we implemented our various medical management and revenue optimization processes. We ended up with about 25,000 more members in Iowa than we originally expected when we did our plan at the beginning of the year. And, quite honestly, the MLR in Iowa, is 25 basis points to 30 basis points higher than we expected when we did our plan as well. So we got the additional members and it's more dilutive simultaneously with the elevated claims level. The really good news for that is that our plan, we look at what we've done here historically, what the team has done historically in terms of new markets and implementing the managed care type processes and procedures and the fact that the first-year markets have historically been dilutive and that we've guided to target margins within our 18-month to 24-month period of time. There's no reason to believe that that's not going to occur again here in Iowa given though the starting point may be a little bumpier than we had hoped.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, the other part of that is the top-line growth is very clearly a good guide, it's part of all that. But, yeah, those are the most significant pieces. I think the good news is, and just to sort of maybe answer your follow-up question before you ask it, is that as we look at 2016 versus 2017, let's be very clear, as I said in the prepared comments, when we did our pricing for 2017, we already had taken this elevated level of claims and utilization into account and baked it into our 2017 outlook. So we believe that this is more of a one-year type of issue and that we're very committed to returning the ACA block of business back to profitability in 2017.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, sure. Well, the rates were developed in the April/May timeframe, and so if you look back at our – when we closed the books in March and the information we had available to us at that point in time, we had seen some of the spikes and the elevations, just not to the same – we weren't crystal-clear then it was going to continue for the rest of the year or not. However, we wanted to be conservative. We wanted to be prudent. And so we believed – we had hoped that it was not a trend. However, when we did our pricing, we felt it was best to assume it was a trend. Here we are 90 days later. I believe our conservatism turned out to be prudent, in that something that we weren't sure if it was going to be a trend or not probably is. There's still the opportunity that seasonality could be in our favor and that things could get a little bit better in the second half of the year. We just have decided not to assume that at this point in time.
John E. Gallina: In terms of – it is both, Iowa as well as other states, and we really don't get into specifics state-by-state. We're just calling out Iowa as a marker because it's brand new and it is a significant driver in and of itself. I will say that the primary drivers of the elevated trends, they're pharmacy, nursing facilities, ER, and outpatient surgery. Those four items are really the most significant part of our trend issue in the other states. So – but we are seeing elevated trends in several states and we're addressing those accordingly.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, sure. No, great question. And in terms of will pricing by itself rectify it, no. Because there's no one single bullet that actually solves the entire problem. The administration is extremely focused on having a sustainable marketplace, and we think that we've been a very active participant in the exchanges and been a great partner with CMS in trying to help with the stability of the marketplace. They've made changes over the years of tightening the supplemental enrollment a bit and various other requirements. The penalty continues to increase. We think all those things obviously have to be done. Other things that would certainly help the acceleration of the stabilization would be to eliminate the health insurer tax beyond 2017. The risk adjuster model, it does a lot of what it's intended to do, but quite honestly, there's a bit of an imbalance that it overcharges for healthy and over-reimburses for certain moderately unhealthy disease states. We think, as I said, the supplemental enrollment period, we really do need a better up-front verification process. And that there should not be any restriction on our efforts to innovate product designs to meet consumer needs. And then modifying the grace periods for nonpayment of premiums would be something else. So those are just, in addition to the pricing, things that we've been working with the administration on and believe should occur. We do believe that with the medical management and various other issues that we can help get this back to profitability here in 2017.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, sure. So in terms of trend on the Local Group side, that's actually going very well, and we reaffirmed the 7% to 7.5% outlook for that and feel very comfortable with that given the results for the first half of the year. In terms of the timing, that relates to just a couple really accounting and calendar quirks. The first quarter of 2016 had an extra workday in it driven by leap year. The second quarter of 2016 had an extra workday in it driven by how the weekends fell. The fourth quarter of 2016 has one less workday in it, and so it's significant enough to change the timing pattern on a quarter-over-quarter basis. And you take that into effect that our overall product mix in the group side is slightly richer than the overall product mix in the group side a year ago. That changes the timing as well given how the deductibles work.
John E. Gallina: There was a lot of things that went against it, and I'm not going to really comment on your estimate of the payable. But in terms of valuation allowance, it was clearly part of it. Certainly medical loss ratio rebates were part of it. After all the dust settled, we're going to pay over $100 million in MLR rebates in 2016 related to the 2015 calendar year. And so that's part of it. You've got the Small Group versus the Individual component is clearly a piece of it, risk corridor true-ups, I mean, there's so many moving parts it's hard to, on a call here, pin that down exactly. And then quite honestly, whatever benefits existed after all the other offsets have now been baked into our trend outlook and our guidance for the rest of the year.
John E. Gallina: The most significant driver of the G&A benefits here compared to our guidance or our outlook is the top line revenue growth and the fixed cost leveraging associated with that. And so that clearly is run rate and sustainable. In terms of certainly as an employee of the company, I'm fully supportive of getting back to the bonus structure back to target levels, but there's a natural hedge associated with that. So as results warranted, we then record the expense. If they don't warrant it, we don't record the expense. So what the impact that might be on an exact ratio is to be seen, but the bottom line has a natural hedge built in.
John E. Gallina: Well, certainly admin, risk adjustment, enrollment growth, we're doing extremely well in the National, and large local ASL in terms of enrollment. Our Medicare Advantage and our Senior business are doing very, very well and exceeding expectations for the year. And, quite honestly, we had a bit of an initial conservative posture at the beginning of the year as well. So, it's a lot of things. Our specialty product line is beating expectations, so I would hate to just point to one or two items because there are far more positives than there are negatives. It's just that the two negatives have really caused our conservative posture to be a more prudent posture.
John E. Gallina: Well, in terms of exactly how much that is, the bonus program at target is certainly a significant number in and of itself, but, Justin, that's just not a number that we're comfortable giving out.
John E. Gallina: Well, there's – certainly it's a natural hedge built in, but to answer your question would be to answer the question that you asked the first time. So good luck. It's a big number. But we're not going to size it specifically.
John E. Gallina: I think – well, a lot of it obviously has to do with our data analytics and how we track things. And as you look at the rate increases that we've put in, approaching 20% range on a weighted average basis across our 14 states, very significant. And as we – we also believe that we have some of the best-in-class risk adjuster capabilities of really understanding what drives risk adjuster and things like that and I think the results that we saw from the CMS true-up really helped verify that. So, the other piece that gives us a little bit of comfort in terms of having caught everything is that our 2016 risk adjuster that we're assuming in 2017 really is based on 2015 experience. So we think that that gives us a natural cushion associated with how that's being approached. But at the end of the day, the question is, how do we know we've gotten everything? Well, we've got six months of information, obviously, there's a lot of new members associated with this block of business. And we can't provide absolute certainty, but we think we have a very, very good line of sight. What we saw at the end of the first quarter, we sort of predicted from a pricing standpoint and what we saw at the end of the second quarter was exactly consistent with that pricing prediction. So we feel good that we've got a good line of sight on that.
John E. Gallina: Yeah. And then the other comment that I'll just add to that I think maybe to address your, what would be different going into the third quarter is, 2016, we actually had more members come on board on January 1 than we did in 2015 or 2014. 2014 in particular, if you recall, we had a vast majority of the members come on board early second quarter, and in 2015, with the extension of the open enrollment period, a lot of members came on later in the first quarter. 2016, a lot more January 1. So we actually do have a full six months of information this year and we had not had that in prior years.
John E. Gallina: The pricing increases that we've put in really do keep us on that same ramp. And it's very important that we do receive the pricing increases that we've filed for in terms of that. Obviously, we expect the market to continue to harden and pricing to be more reasonable. I mean, clearly there's a reason that so many co-ops have gone insolvent in terms of their pricing methodology. So as more and more of those folks exit the market, it should provide a more sustainable stable marketplace in 2018 and beyond.
John E. Gallina: Yeah, no, a great question. We do expect some attrition in that area, as you pointed out whether the enrollment remains to be seen, but historically, we haven't seen the uptake in ACA compliant plans that maybe was estimated by the CBO when the law was passed. But, yeah, that's certainly a watch area for us.
Joseph R. Swedish: Got it. Thanks, A. J. First of all, when you referenced the end of the year, actually we had the option on our side, our call, to extend it to the end of April, which obviously we intend to do so. So I just want to make that record clear that we will continue and obviously we're going to run out the litigation as long as it takes, working towards the end of April. Our expectation is, I guess, under normal or usual circumstances claims like this, we're expecting the trial to begin somewhere around October, and at the outside, we're looking at four months. We believe it'll be about four months. Obviously it could run a little longer, but that's our expectation.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yeah, this is Joe. Let me just weigh in to add to what John just shared with you. Just to reiterate. We've been a very active participant in the exchanges from the very beginning, and recognize the markets have taken longer than expected to stabilize, and we've stated that repeatedly, and I think we've been working very closely with the administration and conducting our own modeling to best judge how we're going to continually engage year-over-year in as profitable a context as possible. It's interesting to reflect back at the end of the first quarter, we told you that – end of June 30, we'd probably have greater insight into the membership we've captured, recognizing that we had a substantial uptick in membership. It deteriorated a little bit at the end of Q2 to around 925,000 or so members. But what we've observed in terms of the intensity of illness is that as, John pointed out in his earlier remarks, we're dealing with some chronic illnesses like cardiac, diabetes, COPD, we've had what we think is a material uptick in dialysis cost that have hit us. So we're going through an appraisal of all of that in terms of how to better medically manage those members as well as begin pricing it into 2017. That's the trick. I think John has stated it and I'll restate it. We believe we're well positioned for pricing in 2017 given what we now know about the membership we've captured. And so, I guess, when you put all that together, what we're waiting for now is rate approvals by state, and I can assure you that we're going to be extremely prudent in our continuing engagement. I think we're in something like 138 or so rating regions, and we're going through an appraisal of every one of those regions. And we'll make prudent business decisions in terms of flexing our engagement in appropriate ways going into 2017, and so I just want to assure you that notwithstanding we've been active participants, we're also very, I'll use the word prudent, very thoughtful in terms of executing a good business practice in terms of how we continue to stay engaged in the public marketplace.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yeah, it's – the Medicaid margins are within our target range. Obviously, we're hopeful that we can improve it to the high end of the range, but even with all these headwinds and the negative comments that we had earlier in the year, we're still within the range.
Joseph R. Swedish: Well, this is Joe. I certainly believe that we're always improving year-over-year and especially in this space, given we've got more and more data. We certainly recognize that this is a company that's had a longstanding engagement in high-risk pools. We have a lot of data that has backed us up for a long period of time. And I think that we just, as I said a moment ago, always expect to continue to improve in this space. However, I'll reiterate what I said earlier. We're going to be very surgical with respect to our analytics in and around rating regions. We're going to be very mindful of what price increases are awarded to us by state, and so we'll be making very, call it, accurate business decisions going into 2017 and beyond regarding our continued engagement on a broad scale in the public exchange space.
Joseph R. Swedish: Yeah. A very quick response to the question, a little less than half of the membership was new to us in 2016.
Joseph R. Swedish: Well, as usual, thanks for your questions. They're all very insightful. As a company, we remain committed to tackling our healthcare system's challenges head-on and deliver greater value to consumers by expanding access to high-quality, affordable healthcare. That's why we're committed to challenging the DOJ's recent decision to block our acquisition of Cigna in Court. We also want to thank all of our associates for their continued commitment to serving our 39.8 million members every day. Thanks for your interest in Anthem, and we look forward to speaking with you very soon. Again, thank you very much.
