John Gallina: Good morning A.J. and thank you for the question. Associated with the headwinds and tailwinds, of course, we do want to look at them in their entirety but we should think about the potential variability, COVID has the absolute most uncertainty of any line item on there. I mean it's been an incredible situation that we've been through as a country since March of 2020 and COVID continues to have uncertainty associated with it. The New York group retiree business are still going through their enrollment process so we don't have the absolute exact number of lives lined up at this point in time. And so there's some variability there. But you are correct. We do have some pretty good line of sight on most of the rest of them. But COVID is clearly the lion's share of uncertainty at this point.
John Gallina: Yes. Thanks Justin, I appreciate the question. In terms of the jump off point for 2022, you are correct. We've quantified our investment income, outperformance for the year. We believe that there is at least $200 million that's unlikely to recur. And so that $200 million equates to approximately $0.65 of earnings per share. And then you take that off of our updated guidance, and we believe the appropriate jump off point for 2022 growth is $25.20. So appreciate the opportunity to clarify that.  Associated with the various lines of business, the commercial profitability, they're still very, very good. However, commercial had the surge of COVID in August and September was really more significantly pronounced within the commercial line of business than it was in the other two lines of business. We took the opportunity to reserve prudently within the commercial line for that spike and to build commercial reserves as a result of what we're seeing at that point in time. Fortunately, non - COVID came in much lower in September across all lines business, which allowed our quarter to come out in a really, really good place. Medicare was very much consistent with expectations.  Medicaid was actually a little bit better than expectations for the quarter. And just as a reminder, we had guided to be above baseline costs for COVID and non - COVID combined for each of the 3 months in the third quarter and we were. We were just ended up being better than our expectations. But the commercial issue was really had to do with the spike in August associated with COVID. Thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Yes, sure, Gary. Thank you for the question. So let me see if I can address these appropriately. With the special enrollment period and the exchanges, we have talked about the fact that exchanges are a nice strategy of ours. We're being very, very prudent in terms of our approach. We're going from having I think just a little bit over 70% of our counties covered, just over 80% of our counties covered next year. And we do expect some nice membership growth associated with the individual. But I would say that is all captured in just our core underlying growth in the fundamentals of the business performing extremely well.  We expect all of our businesses to grow, and the individual is no different. In terms of the Medicaid in the redeterminations, the headwind that we referenced really has to do with Medicaid membership, but this is my opportunity to again talk about the balance and resilience of our membership and our catcher's mitt. And we may be able to turn that headwind into a tailwind depending on where those folks go. We do believe that once redeterminations start, that we will be able to maintain a significant amount of that membership within an Anthem product. We offer a product for every American in every situation, young, old, rich, poor, sick, healthy. We have a product for all of them.  And right now, there is a significant number of members within our Medicaid plans. And after redetermination occurs, Medicaid may shrink a little bit, but that means that there's really some significant growth opportunities in other lines of business. I didn't spike it out specifically because we think it's a driver and we could actually turn a headwind into a tailwind. Thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Thank you for the question Ricky. And maybe I'll talk a little bit about the fourth quarter and then turn it over to Morgan to talk a little bit more about 2022. But in terms of the fourth quarter, our expectations and our guidance are that the COVID and non COVID combined will continue to be above baseline each month in the fourth quarter. So obviously the entirety of the fourth quarter being above baseline. We are seeing very good trends, as I stated we had the spike in August, it started to decline coming into September, non COVID utilization was lower in September than we had expected. October is relatively close to expectations at this point, but there's a lot of uncertainties in the fourth quarter.  The Delta variant is still out there, and we want to be very respectful for it, as well as any other new variants that may or may not exist. And we are expecting an increase in testing, an increase in some of the vaccinations and booster shots, especially with the kids. It's unclear right now exactly when the 5-year - old will be eligible for vaccination, but we want to make sure that we're cautious in terms of our guidance associated with that cost structure as well. And as you -- I'm sure you already know, the fourth quarter just on a normal basis has a higher seasonality in terms of MLR. And so, that's obviously factored in as well. But I'd say, at the end of the day, we've been very cautious and very prudent in our fourth quarter expectations with combination of COVID and non-COVID combined being above baseline. Morgan.
John Gallina: Sure, Kevin. I'll see if I can start out and respond to your questions. But in terms of the redetermination, we're really taking a look at where we think these members are going to go and there's been a lot of other studies out there that we think are relatively credible. But we believe that by the end of next year, and that assumes that redeterminations do start to occur maybe late, early second quarter of 2022, that will still have a good 35% of those folks would still be maintained on the Medicaid rolls. We're looking at about 45% of them going back into employer-sponsored plans, and that would take the -- about 20% being eligible for subsidized coverage on exchanges.  And as I stated, we have products and all those things, and we expect to keep and maintain our fair share. So we feel very good about our opportunity and our ability to keep the membership within an -- the Anthem family over the course of next year. And then as it relates to the Medicaid pricing, we learned a lot a few years ago in terms of working with states being very proactive and ensuring that we're having actuarially - justified rates, and we'll certainly continue to do that. It's very early in the ratings season, but we're comfortable with what we're seeing to-date and building our financial plan with prudent assumptions that we believe are well supported. And the states are very -- say we're having some very productive conversations with the states as well about ensuring that we get actuarially - justified rates throughout the future. The only other thing I'll say about the Medicaid is there are a lot of financial measures that are in place now that -- far more than used to be in place in terms of collars, corridors, and things like that. That -- it really helped maintain the profitability and maintain the stability of that marketplace. So really need to look at Medicaid over a long period of time. Thank you, Kevin.
John Gallina: Thanks for your question, Steve. In terms of the specificity, I would say that what we saw in September was that inpatient non - COVID probably dropped the most of all of the different buckets that you stated. We don't view any of these things as being changing to the ultimate baseline. There were announcements that were made at the beginning of September that certain facilities were deferring or canceling some elective procedures in order to ensure that there is appropriate bed space. So while certainly we saw the impact on the financials, we do monitor pre-OSP research, various other things, and don't really view that situation as a significant change through the baseline going forward. But thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Thank you, Felicia and Scott, I appreciate the question. Unfortunately, this is third quarter call and we're really not going to get into specificity associated with guidance for 2022. We'll talk in more detail about that at the next quarter. And as I said, New York's still going through their enrollment process, so we don't have all the information that quite fine-tuned, but what I would ask you to do is to really evaluate the tailwinds and the headwinds that I provided in their entirety. And then after you adjust for the out performance and investment income, we think that those headwinds and tailwinds pretty much offset each other and will allow us to achieve our 12 to 15% growth for the future. Thank you.
John Gallina: Yeah, thanks for that. Thanks for that question. As you referenced as it relates to Ingenio, we're really pleased with the performance. In large part, the performance this year was due to strong membership and volume across the entire portfolio, so all our lines of business. And utilization is also tracking to expectation. So we feel good about that heading into 2022, as well as the growth that I talked about and our focus on penetrating the ASO business. So we feel good about the Ingenio business heading into 2022, the growth and then the stability of the business in terms of its margin contribution.
Gail Boudreaux: AJ, I'd add to John 's response that one of the things that we do feel very good about is the underlying strength and the core of our -- all of our benefits businesses. Our growth's been strong, and I think we've been performing very well in line with the expectations we set. So next question, please. Thanks for the question.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, Pete, and thanks for the question, Lance. I think to sum up what Pete has shared; this really is part of our ongoing journey and evolution in Anthem that we shared with you at our Investor Day. It really is part of our transformation from a health benefits company to truly a trusted lifetime partner in health and we see significant opportunities. And I think this shows the maturing of the strategy we shared. So thanks for the question and next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Matt, thanks for the question. We are still in the midst of that litigation and the settlement is ongoing, so I won't comment. I think it's inappropriate to comment at this time. But given the tone of your question, I think it's really important, and we've had a long history, quite frankly, up partnering with Blue in addition to working with them on accounts that are in our service areas, part of the seeding process. And so, we expect that to continue, expect, obviously, to offer the capabilities that we have.  Pete just shared with you what we're doing with IngenioRx. We also think our diversified business capabilities are going to be incredibly important. Some of our Digital Platform capabilities that we've also offered to other Blues. So I can't really comment on where we are in terms of that litigation because it's not finally settled yet, but we feel that there's a significant amount of opportunities for us even outside of this settlement to worked with Blue partners across the country. Thanks to question and next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Ralph, thanks for the question. I'm going to ask Morgan Kendrick, who's leading our Commercial businesses also, they've been intimately involved in these, to respond to your questions. Please, Morgan.
Gail Boudreaux: And one last thing, Ralph. You asked the question about anything distinctive about the individual relative to COVID, and I would say no. I mean, our individual business has performed in line. So across the board, we saw -- as John shared, higher COVID spikes in commercial -- individual is not unique or distinct that we feel that we're appropriately positioned in that market. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Lisa. I think it's actually a really important one as we think about the next-generation of where products are going to go. One of the things that's happened is the pandemic has really highlighted the need for these virtual care services. We shared with you quite some time ago, our JV with Hydrogen Health, and we've been in the market actually working closely with our partners to deliver those services, particularly best-in-class urgent and care, primary care, using chat and texting. What we're talking about now is, I'll call it the next-generation of virtual primary care.  We've gotten some experience in our early entree with virtual care over the last year, and now we're continuing to evolve that. So we did launch as I shared in my remarks, this virtual first services. Think what's interesting and unique about this is they're integrated with our high-performance network, and that's really important. And we're seeing a lot of traction in our high-performance network. And I know we've shared previously, our high -performance network has anywhere from 12% to 15% cost structure differential. And as you think about virtual primary care added to that, we expect those to be the starting point of what we can gain traction on.  So I'm really encouraged by this initial launch. We can -- we're going to continue to, I think, innovate and evolve from that. In terms of where we are doing it, we are working in our Blue states. We're in most of our markets right now. We have offerings not in every county, but we're going to continue to expand that as we certainly learn about it, look at the alignment. A lot of this does, as I said, rely on our high-performing networks and our ability to use both virtual care as well as our high -performing network. And just to give you a sense of what it is, I mean, we're looking at the offerings to cover virtual visits with the $0 copay simplified plan designs, 24 by 7 service to leverage the network. Value-based contracts are at the core of this to drive that cost structure differential. And again, we would expect at least 15% below traditional products. But again, that's a starting point. We're going to gain experience with this. And there's been a lot of interest. We've seen a significant amount of interest. We've offered it first in our fully insured risk-based business and now our national fee accounts are interested in embedding this in their offerings. And as you heard, I think from my opening comments and then what Morgan said, we've had one of our strongest ever national account-selling seasons. And again, I do credit the innovation we're bringing around digital to the success we're having there, and just a fundamentally strong differentiated cost structure really driven by high -performance networks. But thanks for the question. We are -- we're excited and optimistic about how we think that this can drive future trend and future opportunities for our clients. So again, more to come on this, but you'll be hearing a lot more about it in the coming months as we gain more traction with our employers. So thanks for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Great. Thank you. I'll offer a quick comment and then I'll ask Pete to to comment on that because it fits within our Diversified Business Group. But overall, we know that there has been significant need for behavioral health. And what I want to just touch on briefly is the tight that Morgan said to Whole Health. And we -- Beacon has always been a very strong player in the Medicaid space. And we're continuing to integrate it into our overall government business, but it's got a big upside in the commercial space. And maybe, Pete, some early commentary from what you're saying.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Pete and the only thing, I guess I would add is you think about the commercial markets, that next-generation of EAP services in area that we are highly focused on. And you've heard us share our strategy about sub-segment market within the commercial business. So we see it clearly in the employer space expansion student space to military services space where we see the demand and need for behavioral health services dramatically increasing as a result of the pandemic. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, David. A couple of things, I think you hit on many of the core drivers. First and foremost, as we've said, because of the density that we have in our markets, we believe that investing in partnerships makes the most sense because we believe we can drive better membership, better stars ratings, and with 1 out of 8 patients being an Anthem member, the density of working with those providers provides us a good return. And also remember, we can participate in the profit stream s there by embedding some of our DBG assets, or our other assets around Interior and so, it's not that we're walking away from participating in those profit streams. We actually think we have a much more capitally efficient use by investing, partnering, and then pulling through the other assets that we have invested in.  And so that's the core of our strategy and it worked really well and we're continuing to accelerate that strategy. And as I shared, we expect to have 70% in value-based arrangements, 30% in full capitated arrangements. It's a big driver for our Medicare Advantage business. Quite frankly, all of our benefits businesses are going to have an opportunity there. In terms of other areas that we're investing and we've said that we really want to transform ourselves and part of that transformation is building this digital platform for health. The opportunities are inside of Anthem as well as with our Blue partners and we see again opportunities to commercialize that.  That's going to be over the next several years, one of the reasons they elevated Rajeev Ronanki who has been leading this area, is to really explore those opportunities. Again, we've been doing that inside of the Anthem, but we think there's an opportunity with our partners to do more. Areas around Sydney, for example Sydney Health, which is gaining great traction, our Health OS, which we think could be a broader opportunity for the Health ecosystem. We've done quite a bit of investment in Stars and heat is quality improvement in AI and analytics, digital therapeutics. So there's a broad range of things around the digital capabilities and ecosystem we're building. But in terms of the value, again, we look at the most efficient way to deploy our capital, where we have our strength, which is the density in the markets we serve, and how it fills I think our strategy and then how we pull through Ingenio, DBG, and other services, which really are not -- those are still immature in the sense that we haven't pulled them through to the potential that they have and excited about Pete 's leadership there, given his understanding of both commercial and the government business and the opportunities that exist. But thanks for the question. Again, we think it's a really strong future growth opportunity for us. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: I was going to ask Felicia to respond on your MA questions first and then we'll have John. Thank you.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, Josh. In terms of the overall, our past year, we have had a cost structure advantage in a cost structure advantage. But as you heard in my comment, given our market density, we are moving heavily towards value-based payment. I mean, that is at the core of our strategy. So that's an alignment of working with care providers in a much different way.  And again, we believe both the investments we're making in primary care, the investments we're making in downstream homecare, other things through our Diversified Business Group, IngenioRx that we have an opportunity to bring those assets together uniquely. And then, leverage the density, originally, in our Commercial business, but now our Medicaid business and our Medicare Advantage business, so we feel we've made really good strides on that and we actually see a better alignment with care providers than we've ever had in the past. So quite frankly, I'm optimistic about where we're heading, and I think that that really is the core of our strategy. So thank you for the question and next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks. Thank you for the question, Whit. Certainly during this heart of the pandemic, where non - COVID utilization dropped significantly, and we also wanted to be a very thoughtful participant in what was happening. We did a number of waiving of cost shares as you know, it was part of our response across all of our businesses.
Gail Boudreaux: As we headed into 2021, those normal -- I'll call it normal course, came back into play mostly because non - COVID utilization returned back to normal levels in many instances in total and there weren’t significant drops. So from that perspective, we're following the policies that we have across the board right now and then heading into 2022. Thanks for the question. Next question.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes, thanks for the double question. The first one around the labor market, clearly across all labor markets, people are seeing pressure on the ability to get employment levels up to where they need to, and then there is some pressure. In terms of our negotiated contract, we do those over three-year cycle and we're also very focused, again, on value-based payments. So I think the big opportunity is to move away from individual unit costs increases, which has been the historical, I guess, trend in the industry to really bundling value-based payment, paying for episodes and procedures.  And that's really where we've been. So at this stage, what I'd say is look, we're always in a dynamic environment in terms of our negotiation, but we feel we factored that into how we're looking at the forward view of everything that's going on, and we just see the biggest opportunity is not just only managing unit costs, but really managing value and part of the value-based payments because there is a much better alignment of taking -- doing the right services at the right time, and that's our view. But in terms of our forward review, again, we're taking into consideration everything. And again, many of our largest contracts are on a 3-year basis, so not all of them obviously are in play right now. Thanks for the question. I'm going to ask Felicia to talk a little bit about our annual enrollment period, which I think was your second question.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you Felicia, and thank you again for your interest in Anthem. As we close the call, I want to recognize our associates. This continues to be a challenging year, each day they step up and they step out to live our mission and values and serve our members and communities with care and compassion. I'm impressed and grateful for what they do all the time. We work hard to create a culture at Anthem where everyone feels valued and their contributions make a difference, so I'm particularly proud to see us recently named among America 's 100 great places to work, and healthiest 100 workplaces. I'll leave you with this.  There's increasing opportunity for Anthem to offer elevated personalized experiences as we holistically address what our society needs to be and stay healthy. We're building for tomorrow and beyond, evolving the business to be more digital, moving fast, thinking differently, and operating with discipline. Personally, I'm extremely optimistic for our future. Thank you.
Morgan Kendrick: Thanks, Gail. And Ralph, thanks for the question. There was a lot there. And when you talk about your comments about the reductions in the large group business, that's certainly in line with our expectations. We were expecting reduction in our fee-based business. We've had, as you indicated, noted, nice growth on the risk-based business across the segment. Individual, as you've noted, has benefited from a long extending special enrollment period. So we've seen year-over -- month-over-month growth there. Also, when you look at our large group, small group business, we've seen month-over-month growth in sales exceeding lapses. And notably, our large group businesses performed quite well. In fact, 23 of the last 25 quarters, our sales have exceeded lapses. Looking forward into the new year, clearly, it's a competitive geography and competitive market when you look at individuals and HDA. It's one of those that I would characterize it as rational nonetheless. And one that we've -- not inconsistent with our strategies in the past, we take a very disciplined approach. We look at this market-by-market, county-by-county.
Morgan Kendrick: And in fact, as we expand next year for 2022, we're going to be at 83% of the counties that we can serve. That's up from 71% from the prior year. And this is most notably done by leveraging our unique provider partnerships, leveraging the scale and density we have in our geographies to provide value for the market. Again, the strategy is not a shortsighted one and we're confident the pricing is appropriate on our modeling of our forward trends. So thank you again for the question.
Morgan Kendrick: Yes, Steve, thank you for the question. And as Gail noted, the national business continues to perform exceptionally well, and also noted there was a bit of a dampening in the RFP activity, it was down. But when you think about it, it was down in numbers of the -- of RFP s, it was up in membership, and Anthem had an exceptionally successful year
Morgan Kendrick: Up-market did quite well. I think one of the other things that was notably observed is a record number of customers that went out for a -- that went from a multi-partner healthcare solution to a single partner healthcare solution in selected Anthem. And to get directly to your question, to me, we have to earn the right to win every day. And I think when you -- so look at our assets and how they are resonating in the market, you look at the advocacy-based Whole Health digital solutions are winning.
Morgan Kendrick: When you think about Sydney, Gail mentioned earlier that we have 50 customers that were Sydney Preferred, which is theoretically our digital front door or we could call it our gateway to help. It's the entry point for all the other assets that we deliver. Also, when we think about 23, I mean, these assets continue to be innovated upon, and like I said, it's incumbent upon us to earn this right to when, we don't take it lightly. But the market is loudly voting with their feet and -- so we're excited about where we're headed in '23.
Morgan Kendrick: Yeah, John, thank you. And, Ricky, thanks for the question. I would -- John covered most of it, I think. I would say, looking next year, it's not indifferent. We remain confident in the approach and our discipline. In consistent with what we've done quarter-over-quarter year-over-year, we're pricing to forward view of trend. Certainly, that's always respectful of market uncertainty. And as John indicated, COVID is going to be around for a while. We've done extensive work to assess various scenarios and how that could play out. But nonetheless, we feel quite confident that way we priced the '22 business. So thank you again for the question.
