John Gallina: Yeah. Hi, good morning Ralph and this is John. Thank you for the question. In terms of the 2019 medical loss ratio, we did end the year at 86.8%, which was within the guidance range that had been previously provided. We certainly would have been below the high end of the range had it not been for a couple of non-recurring issues that serve to increase the ratio at the end of the year. First, with the exceptional performance we've had in our individual business and after reviewing the weekly information and doing our own analysis, we did reduce our risk adjusted position by $50 million. That goes through as a negative to the MLR. It increases MLR when you do things like that. And then the flu season, it began earlier than anticipated. And so there's more flu cost in 2019 and the fourth quarter of 2019 that had been anticipated. So, obviously, we covered both of those with all of our earnings information. But without those two really non-recurring issues, we would have been below the high end of the range and we still ended up within the range. Associated with 2020, obviously, a lot of moving parts. We're very, very excited to have a 4% cost trend. We are pricing for that. And our pricing remains very disciplined, but we think that will really help us in terms of future growth potential.
John Gallina: Yes. Justin, I certainly understand your perspective, but there really isn't anything that's working beneath the surface that causes an issue for 2020. And just to level set the 2020, maybe, I'll talk about that for a moment. We did end 2019 at 86.8. Our guidance for next year is 85.8. So that's an improvement of 100 basis points. But given the fact that the HIF is out, the HIF is in and the dynamics of that and pricing for the tax non-deductibility, on an apples-to-apples basis, you could expect that our MLR would go down by 150 basis points in 2020 and it's going down 100. So that's actually a 50 basis point increase. And it's really -- it's largely the result of business mix. And I really can't emphasize enough how much the mix does change the MLR. Our government business continues to be growing -- a growing portion of our premium revenue, very strong growth. We've had some of the best organic growth in the sector over the last several years. And the fully insured growth has been driven primarily by the Government Business division. And the government's MLR is higher than the company's average. And so, then that causes the overall MLR increase. I will say that our pricing does remain disciplined and we cover cost trends. So we feel very comfortable with our guidance and expectations and that the numbers for 2020 are very solid.
John Gallina: Yeah. Thank you, A.J. That was the individual margin normalization versus Medicaid. We have been talking all along about how those two mitigated each other. As we finalized our plans for 2020 and we've been working very, very hard with the states and everything else, we expect that the margin normalization from individual will probably be about 10 basis points worse in terms of margin than the incremental benefit that we expect to achieve from improvement in the Medicaid business. So that's about a 10 basis point impact on overall margins. And also that 10 basis points works its way through the MLR calculation as well. I didn't really talk about that as part of the 50 basis point increase in MLR but that's part of the reconciling item as well is that the individual headwind is about 10 basis points more than the Medicaid tailwind.
John Gallina: Yes. And thank you Steve for the following up on the other part of your question, on the $4 billion savings from a full year implementation of IngenioRx. We're actually very excited about that, because at the end of the day, that $4 billion in savings makes healthcare more affordable. And group trend is just one aspect of that business and a very important aspect. But as we've stated in the past, the impact of the savings and the $3.2 billion that we're returning to the customers, it's really based on a market-by-market, line-of-business by line-of-business assessment. And each marketplace is a little bit different. Our competitive advantage differs in certain marketplaces, in the extent that we're close to an MLR rebate. We obviously would include it all into the pricing. In the extent that we have really good market share and really good competitive positioning, we may let a little bit more drop to the bottom line. And then, you have to go back through line of business by line of business. In our ASO, some of our customers have passed through pricing. They actually receive 100% of the benefit of the better pricing. In Medicare Advantage, we are utilizing the benefit to offset some of the 4-star headwinds that we have. All-in, we continue to reaffirm that at least 20% is going to hit the bottom line and the rest will be returned to the customers. Yes, we always do aspire to do more, aspire to do better. But right now, our guidance is pretty solid.
John Gallina: Yeah, sure. No great question Steve. And in terms of our risk adjuster position, obviously, we evaluate it and monitor it on a regular basis. Many of the things in the individual marketplace or a zero-sum game, we don't have the appropriate transparency into everyone else's risk pools and everyone else's risk adjuster scores. We utilize a third-party service called Wakely that many of the companies in our industry utilize to do estimates. We take that along with our own competitive intelligence and our own knowledge and analysis and we make adjustments as appropriate. There was a weekly report that was provided to the entire industry in mid-December that was utilized by us as part of our overall assessment. Wakely does a report multiple times a year. So -- but we've been very accurate over the past several years. And our estimates have been very, very good. So we feel good about the estimate. And quite honestly it occurred for a really good reason. And that's because we were over performing on that block of business.
John Gallina: Sure. No, thank you Gary and I appreciate you asking one question. But the answer to the segment reporting question is, we will follow the rules and requirements as promulgated by the SEC and certainly adhere to their guidelines for segment reporting. There is a very good chance that at some point here in 2020 if Ingenio has the growth that we expected to have that it will require us to break out and have a third segment. And at that point in time, we will provide that information as well as comparative information. But until we're required by the SEC to provide that additional segment, we're going to maintain our current segment reporting structure. Just maybe a little bit of help to give you. As you can see in the press release, our cost of products sold is $7.1 billion at the midpoint. In order to get Ingenio revenue, really have to add the $2.30 or approximately $800 million back to that because that's the area where it's going to be reported. And then there's a G&A load associated with the administrative staffing of Ingenio. And you have to have both of those to get to what the impact of the Ingenio revenue is, which is a little bit more than $8 billion. So hopefully that's helpful to your modeling.
John Gallina: Thank you, Pete. Great question. And in terms of the improvement, we are very, very happy with some of the operational efficiencies and just some of the better processes that we now have, things that really make the experience better and easier for the customer. And at the end of the day, that's the most important part. The systems migration is going to be 80% complete by the end of this year. And then, we can continue on from there. Gail talked about a six to two. So I would say that, just given some of those issues the improvement is not going to be linear through 2023. It will be a little bit better here in the first few years, as we get through the systems migration as we're investing heavily in digital right now and as we get those capabilities up and running, for instance, that maybe there's a bit of a heavier load. 2019 was negatively impacted by the early acceleration and implementation of Ingenio and so that's not part of our 2020. And quite honestly, we do have the best organic growth in the entire sector over the last several years and that organic growth is helping our SG&A ratio maybe a little bit faster than we had anticipated, so a lot of positives there really. I think the short answer to your question is the improvement is going to be a little bit faster in the first couple of years of the five-year period versus the last couple of years.
John Gallina: Thank you, Kevin, again for that question. In terms of the MLR for 2020 in your commentary, mix is extremely important. And yes we do reprice our business each year. The -- we do price very discipline. Our pricing includes overall cost trend and we feel very good about the target margins that we have associated with the various lines of business. And Medicaid is going to improve in 2020 as we have talked about. So that's going to be a tailwind. But there are several headwinds to that metric. And again mix being -- and this is on an after HIF basis, because HIF really makes all of the metrics confusing on a reported basis and mix is the single biggest issue. I had referenced in a different question about the individual normalization. That is going to impact our MLR as that comes through, and to answer your side question on individual normalization. Given the way the MLR rebate rules work in the three-year averaging associated with the profitability of that, we do expect that 2020 we'll have individual margins that are within our sustainable range here for the future. Another data point, just on the MLR, that -- I don't know that people have really considered, again, is the elimination of the HIF in 2021. And the fact that our 2020 renewal pricing will not include the gross up for the HIF, or the tax non-deductibility to HIF, for the period that the contract years go into 2021, reduces premium and increases MLR. All those things combined are what really drives the increase year-over-year.
John Gallina: Sarah, thank you, for the question. And just to clarify, there are many, many things that go into trend. There's the -- obviously, the changing population, the acuity of the business, the mix. We have cost of care initiatives that we have implemented in prior years. We have cost of care initiatives that we will implement in 2020, all the impact trend. And then, we also have the impact of Ingenio. Just for clarity, we are not going to itemize each one of those and what they are each worth individually. In aggregate, it takes our trend down to 4%. And that compares to the fact that we ended 2019 squarely at the midpoint of our prior trend of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points. And now we have a 4%. In terms of pricing methodology, the pricing methodology does have a bit of conservatism baked into it but it's not a percent or a number that we're going to talk about here, but we feel very good about our ability to deliver on the pricing discipline that we've laid out.
John Gallina: Dave, thank you for the question. And, quite honestly, I'm not going to comment on decimal points that go out further and further and further. I really don't think that it's a productive conversation. However, I will say that, the flu was more significant in the month of December, specifically, in November, but in the fourth quarter in total, than we had anticipated. There's obviously a lot of factors that go into MLR and premium and everything else. And we're going to talk about the things that are material and significant, not the ones that change things by 100 basis points -- 100th of a basis point or something like that. So our answer's stand, that we believe we have provided the information that's needed.
John Gallina: No. Thank you, Charles. And in terms of the guidance range and expanding the MLR by 50 basis points, it's really to be more consistent with how others players in the industry have expressed trend over the last several years, as well as the fact that we continue to be a growing company with some really good top-line growth and want to provide guidance that we don’t have to revise and change maybe as much as we had on the MLR basis for the future. And then in terms of the Ingenio is as in response to Sarah's question, we're not going to provide the specific itemization of each item and trend and how much medical management worth? How much site of care is worth? How much bundled payments are worth? Or how much Ingenio's is worth for that matter on the trend on a percentage basis.
Gail Boudreaux: Justin, in terms of your second question around Medicare Advantage membership. Yes, that is a total number. As you think about the breakdown, it's roughly 75% individual MA and about 25% group. In terms of the overall numbers, we feel very strongly about our -- as I mentioned our individual MA growth. And actually, we're coming off of strong growth in the group market in 2019. And as we think about 2020, we're expecting additional growth in group. But again, just the time line of the procurement has been a little bit longer, but we still feel very strongly about our group offering. The brand is resonating extremely well and we're really pleased, again, with the individual MA open enrollment season that we just had and that we will grow at a pace faster than the industry once again. So, thanks for the question and next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, John. And just a quick comment, sort of, reaffirming what John said. Overall our guidance is very consistent with what we said. And also we view, obviously, the repeal of the health insurer fee as a big positive for affordability and are very pleased that that happened. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Great. Thank you for the many questions. We'll try to hit them each, but just in terms of fully insured and I'll have Pete give some commentary on that. If you look at the midpoint of our guidance, essentially we're guiding to flat commercial risk membership. And remember, if you think about the return of the health insurer fee, when this occurred a few years ago, the market overall was down pretty significantly, as were we. So our growth is actually inside of that, when you think about flat quite good, given the market dynamics. But I'll ask Pete to give some additional commentary about what's really happening inside of there.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you for the question, Ricky. A couple of things. One, you're right. We're not going to be giving guidance yet on 2021. But in terms of a little color on IngenioRx, a couple of big opportunities. First, we're really pleased with the way that the migration of the 15 million members went. And I think it really demonstrated the operational capability that we have inside of this business is quite mature and that has been a real positive. The big opportunity we have in 2020, and I mentioned this in some of my prepared remarks, and in 2021, is to increase the penetration in our own self-funded book of business. Right now, we're in the range of only about 20%, well below all of our competitors and others in the space. That's really been driven heavily by the non-competitiveness of our prior arrangement and we're seeing real big opportunities for us, as we, both in 2020 as well as in 2021. So that, first and foremost, is our primary. In terms of external operations, as you know, those are long-term procurements. We do feel that we're ready to compete in that. We were really pleased to bring on Blue Cross of Idaho this year for January and that has gone well. But again, in terms of the exact timing these are three-year cycles, generally. We will be competing for them. In terms of when those procurements come through, will be a little bit more lumpy than exactly in 2021, but we feel really well prepared. And again, our big opportunities are within our own existing book of business. And then again, we're really pleased with what we saw in the Part D growth this year. It's really the first year that we've been competitive in the Medicare Part D. Ingenio gives us an opportunity to also be more competitive in Medicare Advantage, our individual and group membership. So across the board, we see it as a nice growth accelerator for both commercial and government. Thanks very much for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah. And I would just add, sort of, to reiterate what John has said, we have been intensely focused on operational execution across Anthem. And you're starting to see that. Clearly system migrations have been successful being at 80% by the end of this year. And our destination platform allows us a few things. One, leverage on our SG&A, but more importantly improving our business process, making it easier to do business with Anthem. The investments that we are making in digital, our investment levels have been very consistent. And so as you think about our SG&A ratio, we're getting leverage from our growth but we're really getting leverage from reengineering our business processes from an end-to-end, simplifying our technology infrastructure. And I think that's a huge opportunity for us as we continue to make it easier to do business with Anthem as well as for consumers to have the tools at their fingertips. And that's really where we're heading on this. Thank you. Next question.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah. And I'll just reiterate what John said. We have not changed anything around our pricing discipline. We've remained exactly consistent on that to our forward view of costs and that's how we're pricing. And then in terms of just a couple of factors because I think everyone is focusing on just IngenioRx and the impact on trend. We have also been working very diligently around how do we change overall costs. And right now 60% of our spend is in risk-based arrangements. We expect to see greater pull-through of that because more an upside downside risk where we think there is the best alignment of cost quality and health care outcomes. We are very focused on bundled payments and incentives for site of care, working around orthopedics, cardiac, women's health services. Our site of service where we work with our DBG counterparts around, particularly our aim around moving to the appropriate site of service I think is another really important area around GI, great area that we're focused on right now. And then finally specialty RX, where we're targeted for redirection in that area. So those are all large dollar areas and big areas of trend in spend. And we have been intensely focused on that as part of our overall medical cost management and alignment of those services as well as what Ingenio brings to us on just a unit cost perspective. Thanks very much for the question. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you for the question. Yes we're very, very pleased about what we saw during the AEP season. Frankly, it was some of the strongest growth we've ever seen. And we look forward to being able to continue to grow our business over the course of the year. As you know, we are focused very much, not just on our MA population, but also duals as well and we are consistently bringing in business with respect to that over the course of the year. The fourth year in a row of exceeding industry growth rates with respect to MA has been very significant for us. We spent a lot of time focused with our partners and also focused on our product portfolio. And when we think about the competitive product portfolio we have and the supplemental benefit offerings, we feel that we are well positioned for growth as we go forward. So if you think about it, we are very much committed to being able to deliver on the commitment we've made, which is to deliver mid-double-digit growth again in 2020.
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. This is Gail. I think, that was in my commentary. I will -- I'll ask Pete to comment. That's a strategy that we've shared pretty broadly as part of Investor Day, in terms of improving the profitability of our fee-based business relative to the industry. So we feel very good about the profitability of our fully insured. So it's not a decline there. It's more of an improvement. But I'll let Pete talk about the specific actions underneath that.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Good morning and thank you for the question. First and foremost, let me say that we are very much looking forward to working with our state partner and Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina in order to serve Medicaid beneficiaries in the state. When we were here in the last quarter, we expected the business to go live on February 1st. Based on everything we know today and I will say we have not had a definitive answer from the state, we are assuming that in order to be able to deliver on the business, it would take until possibly 2021 before you would be able to go live with respect to the contract. With that said, I will say that we have been very much working closely with our partner in the state of North Carolina and we are ready today. Operational readiness is critical for us and we have gone through numerous iterations with the state around testing and preparedness for the go-live. But based on where we are sitting today, it's our expectation that the business won't be going live until 2021.
Gail Boudreaux: Great. Thank you for the two questions. And first in terms of the TPA acquisition, it's a capability acquisition predominantly for us. The reason we're interested where the majority of the membership today it is a sub-segment of the business that requires a different type of flexibility, we've been very focused obviously on converting our systems to having a destination platform in our commercial business. This gives us a little more flexibility around sub-segments of the market that we do business in hospital labor, et cetera that historically has different operating requirements. So we felt that this was -- this added to our portfolio. It's an area that the Blues have always been strong in. And this specific TPA again is the majority of ours and works closely with the Blue partners. So we feel good about that. In terms of the second question, the high performing network. Sorry, I was just catching up there a little bit on it. But we're actually making great progress. We're really excited about it. It's part of our overall affordability. We're working with our other Blue partners. I think it's actually a very strong statement around what we're trying to do with high performing networks and 55 MSAs, 22 of which are in Anthem states. We believe that this will provide us with leverage our deep provider relationships and allow us to seamlessly and simplify how our customers get a significant cost structure advantage and much higher outcomes. Overall it's progressing. We've had great interest from our largest client’s particularly national clients. As you know we've always had a very strong unit cost advantage inside of the Blue Cross system. This is I think builds upon that also to have a very strong performance orientation and the network again is built based on both cost and quality. And so we have selected those care providers within our networks who are delivering truly superior outcomes. And I think it aligns very well with our value-based initiatives. And what I also like about this as Blues across the country, we're building a very consistent set of outcome metrics for our clients. And that again is resonating very strongly. So, thank you very much for that question. We're, obviously, very excited about the partnership and the opportunity there. Let me now thank you very much for joining our call this morning. As you can see, 2019 has been a strong year for Anthem across our enterprise. I'm pleased with our performance, but we have much more work to do as we move into the New Year. We'll continue to focus on our performance execution in order to drive growth and create a better healthcare experience for everyone we serve. We'll also continue to evolve our culture and further build our talent and capabilities to create positive change across our organization and in the communities where we live and work. I look forward to delivering another strong performance in the year ahead and want to thank all of our associates for their very good work. Thank you.
Pete Haytaian: Yes, that's it. Thanks Steve and thanks Gail. It's exactly, right. We're very pleased with our fully insured growth. You saw that play through in 2019. We've experienced growth in the large group and four out of the last five quarters. And as Gail said, the flat nature of our growth in 2020 is really this one large account, which is not really that unusual in light of the fact that the HIF coming back and a very large account moving from fully insured to ASO. And as Gail said, the last time this happened was in 2018 and we saw a mid-single-digit progression in membership. So a really nice improvement from that perspective. But longer term outside of that one large client, our fully insured growth would have been positive in 2020. And now with the value of Ingenio coming through, you'd asked about that, and yes, we are seeing that play through in our value. It's very nice to have that play through in a year when the HIF was coming back. So that was definitely an offset. And then, all the things that we've talked about in the past, our product portfolio, our sub-segment strategy, what we're doing around brokers and broker engagement, are all really playing through. So, again, longer term outside of this one large account, we see positive growth in the large fully insured and fully insured business in general.
Pete Haytaian: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Now as we talked about, we talked about a large client transitioning from fully insured to ASO. So at the beginning of the year, you will see that play through. But as we talked about, through the remaining portion of the year, you'll see our fully insured business continues to improve and grow, for all the reasons that we stated before. And as it relates to the individual business and, I think, that we saw a modest growth this year. We believe in our strategy around individual. We remain disciplined with respect to that business. We're targeting markets where we can achieve the appropriate economics and establish the right networks, have the right collaborative relationship with providers and partners. And we're seeing that play through, but it's a very methodical and thoughtful approach. And so, I think, you'll see, as it relates to 2020, our individual business play out in a very similar fashion than it did in 2019.
Pete Haytaian: Yes, exactly. So this is a -- it's a -- as we talked about at Investor Day, it's a major component in our growth strategy in terms of expanding and -- expanding our margins and improving our ASO business, overall. And to unpack how we achieve that. It's through a series of upselling in terms of capabilities and programs. So, specifically, as Gail noted, our specialty business this year performed exceptionally well, growing by over 1 million members. That's a component of selling our specialty products into our ASO business. Stop losses included as well. Clinical programs, where we're seeing very significant uptick. And Gail mentioned in the prepared comments, programs like Total Health Total You. All these things are playing into success with respect to this. And then, longer term, and into 2020, we look really forward to including IngenioRx. In that context, that will be a significant driver of taking us to the 3:1 as we committed to and even forward-looking thinking about future assets like Beacon will continue to create improvements as well. So we remain really bullish with respect to this story and on a path to success to meet our commitments by 2023.
