John Gallina: Good morning, A.J. and thank you for the kind words at the beginning. In terms of answering your question specifically though, we're certainly obviously very pleased with the performance of our health benefits businesses in the third quarter as well as year-to-date. As you know, we've increased margins quite significantly. And the health benefit segment margins, we guided to improve those 30 to 60 basis points year-over-year, and we're very much on track to deliver that. From a line of business, in particular, we're not providing specific margin information and specific detail on commercial versus Medicaid versus Medicare since we are operating this as a holistic health benefit segment. But we do expect continued improvement in the commercial margins into '24 as we continue to work on our strategy of ensuring that the pricing truly reflects the underlying cost structure, as well as additional penetrations in the fee-based businesses what we used to call the 5 to 131 strategy. So, we feel very good about where we're heading and our trajectory into 2024. So thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Yes, sure. Thank you very much for that question. And actually, I think Kyle did ask about Acuity as well. So hopefully, I'll address both of those here with this answer. Medicaid continues to be doing very well very much in line with our expectations and in line with what we saw coming. The one thing that I will reinforce is that in the rating formulas in the future or currently now is an acuity factor that's supposed to take changes in acuity into consideration. That factor was not in place in 2019. So comparisons to 2019 really aren't all that relevant at this point in time for that purpose. What we've seen thus far though is very little change in the overall acuity of the book. We are taking a very close look at that. And as I stated in my prepared comments, we're going to be monitoring that extremely closely and working with our states. So I'm very happy to report that all of the renewals that we've had with the discussions we've had with the states thus far, we have been provided actuarially sound rates. And we believe with actuarially sound rates, we can continue to deliver on Medicaid consistent with how we have in the past, providing a lot of benefits to beneficiaries and providing returns to the shareholders. So, thank you.
John Gallina: Thank you for the question, Sarah. So in terms of the Medicaid redeterminations, as I stated, we're three to four months into the process. And it's a little early to have definitive in a very specific data points, but we do have certainly the bias. We've seen at 10% to 20% of the members who lost coverage in Medicaid in June reenrolled with us in the third quarter. So we certainly expect trends like that to continue. That's just one data point. And certainly, there's more time, but there are gaps in coverage. And then on the individual ACA, we are seeing by the time that folks leave Medicaid, there's typically a couple of month gap before they become enrolled an ACA plan. So, some of the membership this enrollment is temporary and there's gaps in coverage. So we've seen that throughout but we think we have a great opportunity in our 14 Blue states. You look at the number of members that were added to Medicaid in our 14 Blue states, that was about 8 million people across all 14 states, about 1.5 million of those were enrolled in Elevance Health Medicaid plans, which means that those other 6.5 million that went to a different carrier if that different carrier is able to retain 40% to 45% of those Medicaid similar to us, which I think is a reasonable expectation, that means that over half of the $6.5 million are in play. And we have leading market share in virtually every market we operate in, both in employer-sponsored as well as very strong in the ACA products. And so we do believe that you will see an acceleration of individual ACA membership in the early 2024 and mid-2024 for Elevance Health so hopefully, that answers your questions. Thank you for the question.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question, A.J., and I'll just reiterate John's comments on commercial. I think the team has done a really nice job as we shared, this is a multiyear journey in terms of the commercial business, and we feel like we're right on track. And as -- the team has done a really nice job of balancing both membership retention, as well as getting our margins in line where we believe they need to be. So thanks for the question. And next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Nathan. Let me -- I anticipate a number of questions around star. So perhaps I'll just address that topic holistically. Improving stars for us is an enterprise priority. So I want to start with that. And we have a long-term commitment to the MA business and are committed to offering high-quality plans for seniors. But as I said in my opening comments, we're extremely disappointed on the recent results of the Stars and the decline that we saw in the number of our members in 4-star plans for payment year '25. Just a little background, I think, might help. We experienced some declines in the CAP survey scores, which were the most heavily weighted measures. And we were also impacted by that new CMS statistical methodology, which caused some significant increases in cut points. As you think about our performance, we improved in about half of the star measures, but those were not enough to offset the impact of the heavily weighted measures and higher cut points, therefore, having three of our largest contracts suffered in our star ratings, which you've noted. As I shared, we have already started making those investments and earlier this year, we were specifically addressing areas around the heightened focus for CAHPS that drove the decline. One of the very specific examples is scaling the My Health Advocate model, which again I shared a little bit about that in my opening remarks. The model is unique and highly personalized customer service and it's tailored specifically to help members with problems central to CAHPS improvement. It's a model that we've had in place in our commercial business and has been incredibly successful. Other areas that we saw in the data were about enhancing our core and supplemental benefits to reduce members out-of-pocket costs, which showed up in our start results, and also simplifying how those members use our over-the-counter benefits. We've gone on a journey around value-based care, as we've shared with you and we're going to continue to accelerate that and embed some of those results as well into our contracting process. And we also made tech steps last year to improve the processes around clinical decision appeals, which was also an area around the higher cut points. In terms of financial impact, we expect a reduction in 2025 quality bonus revenue of approximately $500 million after offsets from our contracting provisions. As John and I both shared, we've already aggressively begun to mitigate that headwind for 2025, and we do have a number of levels at our disposal, including contract diversification, operating expense efficiencies, capital deployment and looking at targeted network and product enhancements. Overall, we're going to continue to work on that. Our timelines have already begun on this I feel we have a very, very good line of sight to the opportunities that we have. And again, because of the diversified business model that we've talked to you about, we feel that the earnings power of our combined businesses between health benefits and Carelon allow us to continue to feel comfortable about our adjusted earnings for share growth annually of 12% to 15% over the long-term. So thanks again for the question. Appreciate the opportunity to holistically address what we're doing about STARS. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you for the question, Kyle, and certainly appreciate all the commentary. First of all, on Medicaid, the Medicaid disenrollment, as we said, has been very much front-loaded. And in terms of how that compares to our expectations, our expectations were as it would have been more normalized over a 12 to 14 month process. What we are seeing is that there's administrative churn and that a lot of people are losing Medicaid coverage temporarily and then they're coming back on. We're reenrolling folks 30, 60, 90 days after they were disenrolled and that was, that dynamic was not part of the original thought process but it's certainly part of the reality. I'd like to say September 30th or December 31st for that matter is just going to be one point in time over a 12 month to 14 month process. What we have not seen, and maybe the most important element is that at the beginning of the year, when we discussed that we think that we're going to going to retain about 40% to 45% of all Medicaid members who received coverage during the PHE, we still believe that is a very good estimate. And by the time the dust settles in the third quarter of 2024, we feel good about that estimate. It's just going to be a little bumpier or rockier along the way because of the gaps in coverage and because of the administrative churn. And on the commercial side, we're actually seeing really excellent growth in the individual ACA. Once redeterminations began in a particular state, the level of applications on the ACA products were up three times the amount that they were prior to that. And so that really does point to the fact that we do have the catcher's mitt in action. The employer-sponsored side that's actually going maybe a little bit less than we had anticipated. So individual ACA is going a little bit faster, employers sponsored a little bit slower. But all in, we really do believe that by the time we get through this entire process, which won't be completed until sometime in the third quarter of 2024, that the estimates we provided at beginning of the year will prove to be pretty good estimates. So hopefully, that helps. Thank you. Next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks, John. And I think as -- just to put a, sort of, summary on that, we feel we've got great visibility into the rest of this year. And the discussions around 2024 have been incredibly productive with about 50% of our premiums with good visibility there. So we think that those conversations are going well, and things are tracking according to expectations. So thanks for the question and next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ben. As we think about that, as I said, we've got a number of levers at our disposal. And so I would focus on that. But in terms of contract diversification, about a third of the members affected were in group contracts. So we'll look at moving those potentially to a 4-Star contract. But again, I just want to reiterate, it's just one lever in our toolbox, and so we're not just looking at that, but we're looking across all of the things to have a mitigation for 2025. So thanks again for the question. And again, a lot happening in our enterprise around the efforts there to make sure that we remediate and stay very focused. This is an enterprise priority for us. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for the question, Kevin. I think let me put this in a little perspective because it's important to note, we're always evaluating our cost structure. And as we headed into 2024, we took very proactive and decisive action in the third quarter. We wanted a couple of things; one, increase our financial and operational flexibility and also ensure that we're positioned to deliver on our commitments to stakeholders. So, if you look at the charge in total, I mean, it really is kind of focused in three areas of cost management. And I think it's prudent to continue to always look at your cost structure, something we've been doing is, obviously, as we've been looking to manage that. And let me go through the three pieces because I think it's important. First, as you know, and we've talked about quite a bit on these calls, we've been investing over the past several years in modernizing our infrastructure, particularly around digital capabilities and migrating a lot of our applications to the cloud, consolidating our systems and our data and now most recently, use cases on using AI to drive greater efficiencies. The pace of technological innovation has changed and it continues to accelerate. And again, as I said, we're committed to deploying those responsibly quickly in our company. So what you're seeing in that first bucket is the write-down of some of those legacy processes that have now been replaced with our support -- that support our long-term goals with digital and AI and other things. And we've gone through that first phase that we've been talking about over the last several years on consolidation, data aggregation, et cetera. The second adjustments were really to our workforce. And that, again -- last year, we aligned our structure on benefits and services. This gave us an opportunity to look at redundancies across our business and our processes and eliminate handoffs, streamlined, very focused on ensuring that members because of our large benefit businesses can move between those businesses. It's an integral part of our strategy. And so that's been an important part of streamlining our work processes, simplifying our member experiences. And so as you think about the investments that we've been making in technology, particularly our front-door applications and things that automate some of our work, this was an opportunity for us to make sure that we had the right scaling of our workforce. And again, in the bigger scheme, these are not significant numbers. But again, I think it's really important that we constantly look at our cost structure. Then the last part is we went to a hybrid work environment. We've been evaluating the size and locations of our work sites, and we took the opportunity to further optimize those to make sure that we were located in the right places and had the right footprint. So as you think about all those, it's an approximately $700 million of charges, and it results in a run rate of about $750 million. Again, as John said, it doesn't all drop to the bottom line but that we think is important to support our long-term growth in our enterprise strategy. So that gives you a bit of a sense of how we thought about these as an ongoing opportunity to continue to optimize our cost, which we think is important for affordability in healthcare. So thanks very much for the question, and next question.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks, John. And Sarah, I think just to sort of put a bow on this, I think it's really important just to frame it, almost 75% are administrative disenrollments and then over almost 37% are children under 18. So those are two areas, obviously, we're intensely focused on and there's a timing issue associated with this. So there's some delays in coverage and some coverage gaps, and we've been working really closely with our states. But as John said, we are seeing some encouraging signs where that 30% or more of our Medicaid members who are terminated prior to the end of June are now returning and retaining coverage with Elevance. So we expect that reenrollment to accelerate in the coming quarters. So I think that's important to keep in mind as we're all working through this process And certainly, the states are working through this process, and we have been continuing to adapt how we get to these members particularly the ones that were just enrolled for administrative reasons. So again, we feel pretty comfortable with the numbers that we shared and the guidelines we showed, and we are seeing pickup certainly in the individual business as this progresses. So thanks again for the question. And next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. And to the second part of your question is we have delved in and really looked deeply at sort of what the drivers especially around the three contracts and sort of what the cut points were. I guess I would say there's a couple of things. One, has been easier navigation for our members. So I would not say it's because of ownership or lack of ownership, but I will address sort of value-based care. Remember, this was measurement around year 2022. We've made significant progress around moving a lot of our contracts to value-based care and embedding that into the way we do it. We've also worked closely with aggregators and have been building quite frankly, the numbers in that. So we do feel that our strategies are intensely focused, and our health navigator will significantly help them. The other area, quite frankly, around the cut points that impacted us was appeals and grievances, in some of our processes back in 2022. Those were very high performing contracts in the past and the cut points, while still good performance for us, were below the cut points. So I think those are very specific things that we can address. I want to take a moment, though, I think, to talk about where we are in value-based care because I think it is important to Medicare Advantage it's an area that we've been intensely focused on. As I mentioned on the primary care side, we've been working with a number of aggregators, plus increasing the amount of value-based care, but more importantly, embedding in those contracts quality and outcome measures as well as access and service. And I think those will have it, continue to, I guess, have an important impact on those. The other opportunity that we have is around specialty care. And we have been doing quite a bit of work on aggregation of specialty care, and particularly carving in high complex areas on specialty medical spend. That's an area where we see significant opportunities and don't see that as a really mature part of the market today. For example, Carelon is launching in January an oncology specialized care model with our affiliated health plans and it's allowing us also to more broadly commercialize that opportunity. We also see opportunities in musculoskeletal, renal and more. And I think this is a really differentiated focus because as we think about where members are very focused on access to surround specialty care, and I think we have a unique opportunity from both our innovation, our technology and the clinical expertise we offer to run that through Carelon with our health benefits, particularly in Medicare, but also across all of our lines of business. And that's going to be an important strength for us, and that's an area that I think in the specialty enablement will help our Medicare Advantage stars, but also help our patients get better access to that care. So that's -- we think it's a differentiator. But overall your question, I think we're very focused on the areas that drove some of the areas within those three contracts, and we feel we have very good line of sight to what they were and a lot of them were easier navigation for our members and making sure that it was a much more personalized experience than we've had in the past. And then again, ensuring that our supplemental benefits and over the counter are simpler and easier to use and we shared a little bit of that and we made those changes actually in our bids over the last couple of years. So thanks very much for the question, Michael, next question, please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yes. Thanks for that question, Josh. We'd love to share more about our strategy. I'm going to have Pete Haytaian talk about it as you know he leads that part of our business.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Pete, and thanks for the question. And I think if just summarize everything Pete said, we're really working in Carelon across kind of four major areas. Obviously, pharmacy with CarelonRx and then three pillars inside of our Carelon services business, care delivery, our insights and our behavioral health and all of those come together in all of Pete said. And we have a great opportunity to provide greater certainty and cost management to our owned health businesses, but externally commercialize that and seen a lot of momentum going into '24 on that, prove it on ourselves and then show the market the capabilities, particularly around the Blue system. So, thanks again for the question, Josh, and this will be our last question.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, Justin. And first of all, I will also offer my appreciation to John for his guidance and his counsel and honestly, our partnership over the time that I have been CEO. John and Mark has been here now for about a month. We're excited about having Mark Kaye join us. As you know, he was the CFO of Moody's. Mark brings -- he's an actuary by training, brings an incredible insight to our business. He and John have been working hand-in-hand on the transition, and John will be continuing as an adviser to me through the first quarter, as you heard in his opening remarks. I think we're at an incredible time in our business. We have great growth. We have a very diversified business and I'm excited about Mark joining our team and excited about the whole team. And thank John, we will all miss him, but he deserves time with his family and an opportunity to do things and work on his golf game, as you know, Justin. So, from that -- and I'm going to ask Felicia to comment a little bit about Medicare Advantage as you know, AEP has just started. So, it's really very early in days, so maybe Felicia can share a few comments about her thoughts on what we expect.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thank you, Felicia. And thank you to all of you on the line for your continued support and for joining us. Through a steadfast focus on whole health our diverse and expanding suite of products and solutions, we will continue to meet the needs of clients, consumers and the communities we serve, advancing our strategy of becoming a lifetime trusted health partner, while delivering on our commitments to all of our stakeholders. Thank you for your interest in Elevance Health. And have a great rest of the week.
