Gail Boudreaux: Well, great. Good morning, A.J. and thank you for the comment. First, let me address your overall comments on IngenioRx and my thoughts, but then I am going to ask Brian Griffin who leads that area to also add his commentary on it. First and foremost, as I think about the Ingenio contract with CBS, it’s quite frankly great value creator for us. As I shared in my opening comments, our ability to deliver greater than $4 billion of gross savings with 20% of that on a pretax basis incurring to our shareholders just really incredible opportunity for us. Our opportunity here is really first and foremost to focus on execution. We have got a lot of optionality in that contract and I remain very confident in our ability to execute on that across our book of business. We have been very focused on that. We want to see a flawless execution. But I think I will do that was ask Brian maybe to comment a little bit more about how the team has been working together and our outlook for the future on that.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks Brian. I would just add A.J. we have been also building our own PBM capabilities here. So we are standing up our own model in addition to working very closely with them on the execution of the transition of the membership. So overall feel that things are progressing very well and we feel very confident about this.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question Chris. Just a couple things first is as John I think and I shared about 25% of the tax benefit is going into acceleration of investments that are predominantly focused on growth. I see some pretty significant opportunities to one simplify our business in terms of system migrations and getting us to our destination platforms plus investing in digital capabilities and product development modularization. And those are things that we had started already and that we are continuing to accelerate. But I will let John maybe give a little bit more color on the overall picture and how we are thinking about the tax.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, good morning and thank you. Two questions in there. Let me start with the management team and then I will touch on HealthSun NFP also to provide some commentary. First, I have spent the last 75 days since joining Anthem really meeting with our leaders and our managers across the country and my assessment is we have a strong leadership team with a deep understanding of the business. I’ve had the opportunity to meet many of them and I look forward quite frankly to engaging with all of our leaders, that’s something that I am going to continue to do over the next several months and through the course of time. Part of that is we are going to continue to invest in our leaders as we build the new capabilities that I have discussed and we will also be adding talent in those areas as we are going to be investing in some areas around consumer focused and digital capabilities and we will add talent to those areas. But overall I do feel that we have a strong team in place today. In terms of how they work together, I think we have a really unique opportunity and that’s why I am pretty excited actually about the opportunity to focus on execution and growth. And as I think about the strong brand our local market presence part of bringing that together, which actually has begun already and leveraging that with some scale opportunity. So, I see that as really a blending of taking advantage of our market presence and our leadership in those markets with also bringing scale and discipline from our corporate offices and our segment leadership. So I actually see a nice balance there and I think we have got a real opportunity on continuing to focus on execution at the market level bringing new products and new capabilities. And again, I am very bullish about Medicare, Medicare and our commercial penetration and feel good about our leaders. In terms of your second question, I will start my commentary on that a little bit, because I think it plays into the strong growth I feel that we have in the Medicare space. Over the last several years, Anthem has been investing in really repositioning Medicare and you will see from the results as over 70% of our members right now are in 4-star plans plus we have 5-star plans, which is very unique among competitors in the space and two of those are in Florida. HealthSun really gave us the nice footprint along with America’s 1st Choice and gave us scale in that key Florida marketplace. And it’s more than just the health plan and the members, obviously, it gives us clinical capabilities in the market and a deep penetration and an opportunity to really leverage some of the work that’s been done in that community. But before I go into too much detail, let me ask Pete to comment, because he leads that business and I think he can give you some great color on what’s happening.
Gail Boudreaux: There is a lot of questions in there Ana. So thank you. I will try to parse through them and hopefully we will get to each of them. Let me first start with where our trend finished and then a little bit of our guidance or actually ask John to give his commentary to. We finished 2017 at 5.5% under our – under the new methodology which essentially was at the low end of our guidance range. And we put in a intense focus on managing costs overall. So cost of care initiatives across investments in those across our business. But I think more than just specific cost of care, we have had a big commitment to integrated care and really moving value based payments along across our continuum of care providers and that has been a differential for us. And I believe Anthem has been a leader in that front and that’s an area that we continue to invest in across our business. As we think about our forward view of trend we are always obviously very prudent about how we think about the forward view of trend. And we have given you a trend of 6% plus or minus 50 basis points taking into consideration this year we obviously have a more intense flu season than we have had in the past, so that’s baked into our assumptions. And as we look at trend overall, basically placing it we do have very detailed drill down of each of the components of inpatient and outpatient pharmacy, etcetera. And at this stage what we are seeing is roughly at the midpoint about a 50 basis point increase and obviously we – that’s something that we continue to watch across all of our businesses. In terms of your other question about care delivery assets one of the things that I would like to point out in the assets that I had the opportunity to spend time with is our CareMore assets. I am not sure if people know how much that we use that asset in our government business right now, we have seen some very, very strong results in terms of managing our more acute populations not only in Medicare, but have also expanded it to our Medicaid population. And we are expanding that model to not just be facility based, but also at home and at the workplace. So we think that asset gives us a really nice footprint to expand upon, to continue to scale and it has delivered some strong results in terms of readmission rates managing our most acute population, integration of behavioral and social elements and recently kicked off a program around isolation and loneliness nationally across that platform. So there is some very, very good work going on in CareMore. So, I feel between our integration of our value-based payments what we are doing there integrated care as well as our provider enablement and then what we do through CareMore and now our clinics down in the Florida market that we have a really nice footprint upon which to grow. But I will turn it over to John maybe to give a little bit more color on sort of the numbers around our trend guidance.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Ralph. Let me try to get through the different parts of your question in terms of the landscape and I will go back to where I started I think again in my remarks and then I think we have significant opportunity for growth across all of our businesses. And as I think about the competitive landscape, I think we are actually fairly well positioned. I am going to be intensely focused on the execution of the capabilities we are investing in growth, we are investing in product modularization, so we can get product to market more quickly and that we can be simpler in terms of how we face off externally to our clients and brokers and customers and more agile. In terms of the overall market space, I will start with what where I think we have a significant opportunity is the Medicare space. We have been historically underpenetrated in the Medicare Advantage individual market. Our acquisitions give us some nice scale and we had a very strong open enrollment and we will continue I think to do very well in the dual eligible market. We have got strong capabilities, a strong star rating and those will help position us well and so we see that as the significant growth. The other area that I haven’t talked about is the group Medicare market. That’s an area that we really have not participated in that extensively in the past. We have been investing in that area to build our capabilities. And I think that we are going to see very strong enrollment going forward because of quite frankly the strong Blue brand resonates very well with that marketplace and we do think we have an opportunity to also have agents from our current book of business or commercial book to keep the Blue brand into Medicare. So, that’s one strong area of growth and I think we are well positioned competitively in that market. And we have been – and our margins have been improving in that marketplace and it’s again the area of investment and certainly having a 4-star 70% this year and 4-star helps in that regard. In the Medicaid side, I do think we have a best-of-breed asset and we will continue to compete for RFPs. We do see an opportunity with an $80 billion pipeline to compete in the specialized services marketplace. Again, our CareMore assets are really interesting opportunity for us there, because it allows us to take some of the most acute and ill population and really managed their care to deliver extraordinary results both in cost of care, but also in outcomes for those patients. So, that’s an opportunity. We are expanding that into the Medicaid population. And then we also talked about the partnerships that we recently formed and we think that we have recently formed and we think that there will be more opportunity for those partnerships across other plans as well as our Blues - Blue brother. On the commercial side again the margin profile there, I think we have market leading commercial market share, but I think there’s an opportunity for us to do more and I see that opportunity again with leveraging our Blue brand, but also leveraging our local market expertise with greater ability to put new product into the market improve our digital facing capabilities and streamline how we work with each of the partners that we have in those investments that we started making and we’re accelerating those as part of our outlook into 2018. Again, we have very, very solid margin profile and I feel good about our ability to manage medical costs and our focus really is on affordability and access for consumers. So that will continue to be there is a priority and then finally again going back to some of the other assets, that I’ve seen inside of Anthem, which I don’t think as well known game we have an opportunity again to invest in scale those across the system may already delivering good value and I think we can evening increase and enhance those more. So overall I’m pretty, pretty positive about the competitive environment, obviously we are in a very competitive environment there is many players in our space in each of the markets that I shared, but I feel good about our positioning and where we’re heading in the future and our opportunity to continue to enhance and focus our execution. Thank you for the question.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Steve. In terms of it’s a great way to frame what inning when I think – we think about that a lot and I would say it’s probably early innings and truth across the entire industry. We’re all looking for ways to find greater affordability and drive I think more integrated care. And so we have as you can imagine a breath of relationships across our market and we try to meet the care provider community where they are, we would love to see them be willing to take a more risk and part of where we’re investing is also in provider enablement capability. So I would say, we’re going to continue to focus on a building those relationships and moving them from you maybe just to gain share to taking more upside downside risk to more fully participation. But again we also realize that some that – that’s not going to be perfect for each of the – the care providers that we work with and they have to come along and feel comfortable about the relationship. In terms of our focus on where we are focused on our best use of capital to drive value and we do think the partnership model makes sense, again we do own some assets ready and we feel good about those, we’ll continue to invest in those, because we see the real return that they aren’t but some overall, we’re going to look to leverage the best use of capital in the markets, where we are and one of the advantages that we have is our deep market share. So partnerships can work because, we have deep market share across all of the businesses, we serve in we see that as a real opportunity.
Gail Boudreaux: Let me take your second half of your question first, Justin and then I’ll start with the PBM and I’ll ask Brian also to give his commentary. In terms of what will drive, where we look to be at the top end of our earnings per share guidance, I think it’s the growth opportunities that I’ve outlined that the opportunity in Medicare both group and individual, the opportunity in partnerships to leverage our capital effectively in Medicaid. And I also see opportunities in commercial. The other area that I think has really been underleveraged is of the existing assets. So, the assets that we have a name in CareMore to leverage those in the marketplace across other Blues and form real strategic partnerships, so I see that giving us the lift and I think just much more detailed execution on the initiatives that we have had I think give us a really nice pathway to the type of growth that we are looking for across our business. In terms of the PBM questions, I am going to ask Brian maybe to comment on those directly, because I know he has been very directly involved in all of this.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, Brian. And I will put a fine point on maybe Justin, just the three things that will really drive volume we see has granted success in our new RX-only RFPs, increasing the penetration rates in our existing medical book of business and being the PBM for other health plans. Those will be three key drivers for us going forward.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thank you very much everyone for all of your thoughtful questions. As I hope you can tell I am excited to be here at Anthem and the opportunity to advance our strategic priorities to create a healthcare system that’s more affordable and simpler. As I outlined earlier, we will be focused on optimizing execution across our business and ensuring that we leverage our unique assets to strategically position the company for sustainable high-quality earnings growth. I want to thank each of our associates for their commitment to Anthem and for living our values each and every day to deliver on the promises to our consumers. Thank you for your interest in Anthem and I look forward to speaking with you at future events.
Brian Griffin: Thanks very much Gail. Good morning A.J. At this point, I would just – I am very impressed with where the level of commitment that we are seeing out of the CVS relationship. They have been very engaged with us. They have had their senior leadership team directly engaged in the planning process. And I have been also very impressed with the dedicated resources that they are putting into IngenioRx dedicated division. Relative to the implementation itself, in terms of success factors as you can appreciate, we are building out a very detailed implementation plan that will to Gail’s point put us in a position to realize the value that we have discussed starting 1120. And in terms of key metrics, obviously we are going to be looking at things like the testing environments ensuring that we have got interfaces across our systems and doing the appropriate user testing to ensure our claims adjudication is well-positioned, well in advance of the implementation itself, including parallel processing, etcetera. So without getting too detailed in terms of the implementation process itself that detailed implementation plan where we are going to be finalizing over the next several quarters and then we will start to look at metrics against that implementation plan, but with a very heavy focus on testing itself.
Brian Griffin: Thanks, Gail. Good morning. In terms of the – Lance, your question around the specialty, to Gail’s point, we’ve had significant success in really driving specialty penetration across all of our key products. I think you have seen that and we have talked about that in previous calls relative to dental and vision. To Gail’s point, I do believe that there is incremental opportunity specifically around our life and disability products, I think that there is more that we can do there. Obviously, we talked earlier about pharmacy and we are seeing significant interest in the integrated value proposition in medical and RX together, particularly in our large group and national account marketplace. That message seems to be resonating significantly in those markets. And I think we have a unique value proposition that we can bring to market up. Obviously, you have heard me talk about that, but we are seeing at this point given where we are in the implementation of our own PBM significant interest there in that value proposition. I think actually that will help us more broadly across all of our products, because we can then begin to think about integrated value propositions across dental vision and pharmacy altogether in a single package. So, I think to Gail’s point there is quite a bit that we can do in terms of the repackaging of our value proposition to drive that penetration rate. The other key investment the Gail alluded to is we made a really significant investment in our broker portal, which is really designed to allow the brokers to more efficiently compare plan designs, various products. It brings in our specialty products into that evaluation and it just makes it candidly easier to do business with us in that regard and allows them to look at the full product suite that we bring to both small group and large group. So, that was an investment that we see paying off. We are getting great reaction from the broker community and I think we will get deeper penetration rates as a result of it.
Brian Griffin: Good morning, Justin. Just I guess tied back to my commentary on Lance’s question, I think with us launching our new PBM and really as a result of that taking full control over all the key financial levers, I think that really puts us in a very different competitive position moving forward. Our focus through Ingenio is really on better overall health outcomes. And I think that’s very different than the way that the PBM industry has looked at that. I think that there has been a focus on driving pure rebate optimization as opposed to a focus on total healthcare costs. But I think as I mentioned earlier, our integrated value proposition is really resonating out in the market. And I think as a result of that that positions us really nicely for growth both in terms of our local business, but our national ASO business. My vision for Ingenio is really to become a utility within the Blue system as well and we have seen interest in that regard that’s already developing. And I think we are building our own platform that really meets the needs of other Blue plans. So, I see that as a great new opportunity. We have just in executing against our strategy already, we have made significant progress in terms of driving improved values in terms of new formulary designs as well as new network strategies. That will continue to be a focus for us as we launch Ingenio 1120 more broadly. And I think as a result we will be in a better overall competitive position. So, expect us to really focus on growth outside of both within our local markets, local small group and large group and our national account business, but really looking at new ASO standalone pharmacy business as a new market for us as well as that Blue opportunity. And in addition to that additional sets of clinical services that we will be offering through Ingenio that have been developed here at Anthem over the last several years, so we are excited about what the new growth opportunities mean in terms of to your point, obviously, we are going to see significant savings as a result of our new contract position that will flow through to our customers, but then the expanded growth opportunities in these new markets, where historically we haven’t participated.
John Gallina: Good morning Christine. Let me address the first question around the partnerships that we have with the – our Blue partners, strategic partnership. As I have come back to the Blues, one of the things that clearly I have seen in my time with a healthcare service company is understanding the strength of the Blues overall and the partnerships and strategic opportunities we have. We have a very, very strong Medicaid platform in our Amerigroup presence. And we have formed over five of these partnerships not only with Blue with other health plans and basically what we are doing is leveraging the strength of our platform in Medicaid with the local market expertise and their relationships in the provider network. So that’s been a really strong opportunity for us. It allows us to leverage our investments and quite frankly our return on capital for an investment that that we think gives us greater presence and depth in the marketplace. We also have some other capabilities and I have been really impressed by some of the other assets that we have inside of Anthem for example our AIM subsidiary that I shared with you is another great opportunity that I see an ability to package that, to continue to scale it and invest in capabilities. And we already do a lot of that work with other Blues across the system. And again that’s another great opportunity for us to have I think very strong strategic partnership. In terms of the association health plan, I think quite frankly there is a positive for expanding access for consumers across the space and so we are very supportive of that. We do have expertise in working in different types of association businesses across our book, so it’s something that will continue to innovate our products, but overall I feel pretty positively about our small book of group of business because we are doing quite a bit of work on affordability, obviously our brand presence and also offering new products in that marketplace. So overall I think it gives us another option for consumers and it gives us an option to continue to put additional products in the market with association health plans.
John Gallina: Yes. Thank you and good morning Chris. So in terms of the tax reform maybe I will just spend a minute going through some of the dynamics associated with it. It’s really a good thing when you have lower taxes that can really help drive affordability in the marketplace and share that with the members and the consumers. And of the gross benefit that we will receive from the tax reform in 2018. About 25% of that is going to go back to the customers directly either through MR rebates or just the true up of how the health history works and things like that. And then as you said maybe another 25% associated with accelerating investments as Gail talked about. And then the remaining 50% I guess return to the shareholders. Your question specifically associated with is our investment strategic priority to the new model, tax reform has allowed us to accelerate our investment spending and growth initiatives. And we will continue to have an ongoing focus in investing in growth and adding to our market leading capabilities. As we look at our uses of capital reinvesting in the business is always something that’s a very, very high on the list and something that we believe we need to continue to do.
John Gallina: Yes, thank you, Kevin, this is John. I will answer the first question – or the second question first on the 2019 HIF being waived and of course we are pleased with the waiver for 2019. As I stated earlier, whenever taxes and regulations decreased and helps with the affordability of healthcare through those premiums and so two pieces on the HIF, so coming into 2018, the HIF came back. And as we had stated, that’s about $0.40 to $0.45 headwind on our growth rate in 2017 and 2018 given how the midyear renewals work and now that’s all processed in. So then when you get into 2018 you do the mid-year renewals from 2018 and 2019 that can actually create a tailwind associated with 2019. So again it’s something that we are going to manage through. And yes all of those things are already included in the guidance that we provided to all comparing in the greater than $15 earnings per share number that Gail had mentioned. In terms of the sustainability of how much of the tax reform can be maintained, it’s really premature to speculate on that at this point in time. We believe we are in a very competitive marketplace that we believe with competition and really the need to drive more affordable products that the savings from the tax reform will help address that in some regards. And we will continue to be opportunistic in terms of reinvesting it in the business associated with accelerating our growth opportunities. And at this point in time, we really can’t put a percentage or a number on a run rate sustainability associated with tax reform.
John Gallina: Yes, thank you, Gail and good morning, Ana. In terms of the trend, I do want to just clarify we changed the metric in terms of how we calculated from a paid basis to an allowed basis. That has no impact on our pricing methodologies. It has no impact on our reserving. It has no impact on our financial statement issues. It is really a metric that is utilized to discuss healthcare trend and we believe that this change really provides a better view of healthcare trend overall to look at it on allowed basis versus paid basis. But with that as Gail said, we are at the very low end of our range in 2017 really driven by lower than expected increases in AWP with the cognizant effort to tighten up our formulary during the year, lower than expected hepatitis C spending and lower utilization trends overall. Of course, we did have the bump of the flu here at the end of the fourth quarter and then we are heading into 2018 really the single biggest drivers for the 50 basis points that we are looking at raising it at the midpoint of our range. Really the AWP pricing is going up a little bit faster than the overall trend and taken the flu into consideration. Now, all in though, everything else we believe is a very well controlled trend and we are really returning to a more of a normalization process. Thank you for the question.
