JohnGallina: Good morning, Lance. And thank you for the question. This is John. So in terms of the utilization of the second quarter, the overall utilization was slightly above normalized levels, but slightly less than our expectation. So in total for the company we exceeded baseline, albeit that we were better than what we projected. When you really think about it on a line of business by line of business basis Medicaid had the highest level of deferred utilization. And then certainly, they had some COVID costs, and so Medicaid was below baseline, commercial was slightly above baseline all-in and Medicare Advantage was actually slightly above baseline all-in once you take into account all the other issues associated with the risk score revenues, and the additional payments that were still making on the 3.75% rate increases that existed. So all very much consistent with what we thought 90 days ago, just a little bit better. And as you look at July, we really don't provide mid quarter guidance, per se. But we're obviously monitoring our preop and pre certification data and as a reminder, as I just said, in the prepared comments, we do expect both the third quarter and the fourth quarter to be above baseline each quarter for the rest of the year. So based on everything we've seen so far, July is tracking very consistent with those expectations. So thank you, Lance.
JohnGallina: Thank you, Rob and good morning. So as you noted the prior guidance was $600 million headwind. And there's certainly a lot of moving parts behind that estimate. Year-to-date, COVID cost did come in slightly better than expected. Non COVID cost tracking. I'm sorry. COVID came in slightly higher than expected with non-COVID tracking slightly better than expected. So all-in costs are a bit favorable to our outlook in the first half. But there's still a considerable amount of uncertainty surrounding COVID in the back half of the year, until we obviously want to maintain a prudent if not cautious posture with respect to our guidance. Yes. So in that context, we believe that the net headwind of $600 million is still appropriate, with a majority of that in the back half of the year. And that's an all-in type of an estimate that includes the impact on our risk scores, the additional fee schedules, the COVID cost, the increase in vaccination, administrative cost all-in so at this point in time, we think $600 million is a reasonable estimate to stay with. Thank you for the question.
JohnGallina: Thank you, Scott, for the question. And I completely agree with the very first comment you made, it's premature to talk about 2022 at this point in time. However, related to the specificity in our new guidance is $25.50, which does reflect that $0.40 raise. And we're really very, very happy with the core operating performance of the company, really improving throughout the quarter and throughout the year.  I think what I could say, though, without providing any specifics for 2022, is that the core fundamentals of our business do remain solid, we're very confident in our ability to deliver 12% to 15% annual EPS growth over the long term. However, having said that, there will be dilution in for these big contracts in 2022, it's too early to actually declare that as Gail said, we still don't even know the exact number of members that we have in the city of New York.  And we need to do a lot more work on that. And so, as we get closer to 2022, we'll be in a position to provide additional clarity on our expectations. The only other comment I will make is that, we are incurring various startup cost, and set up and cost here in the second half of '21. And we have already included that cost structure in our thought processes, and then our guidance for the year. But thank you for the question.
JohnGallina: So, thank you. I'll start with the first question and then I think I would like to address the AduHelm. But, in terms of the dates and claims payable, it was essentially flat quarter-over-quarter as you said up either 7 or 10 days, depending on your starting point, really a ton of uncertainty associated with this environment. And we have to record reserves, consistent with the actuarial standards. And we need to ensure that our methodologies and calculations are very consistent. And as I said that they need generally accepted accounting principles.  Having said that, there are a lot of uncertainties and a lot of unknowns that have existed, each and every quarter each and every month, during this entire pandemic. And so, we've tried to be extremely prudent and conservative in our approach, and would expect to have that to continue until, there's a little bit more line of sight into the future. I would say that over time, and over time is a long period of time, it could be a few years, but over time, I would expect our DCPs to go back down.  Now there’s lot of other things that impact the days and claims payable as well. We've talked a lot about our investment in digital. Well, that investment in digital also includes better auto adjudication rates, cleaner claim submissions from providers to us, and that is done better and better and faster and faster. That automatically would reduce the days and claims payable without impacting the income statement by a penny, it would just be better throughput.  And actually, the improvement would be our administrative cost structure could go down simultaneously. So, there’s a lot of variables with DCP. And I would really carry out everyone to say, do not just look at a number, and then think that there's a P&L impact, because you also have rate collars and corridors and impacted et cetera, et cetera. But really the short answer to your question is yes, we do expect it to go down over time as we get a little bit more clarity into the current environment. Thank you for the question.
JohnGallina: Ralph, thank you for the question. And I appreciate you asking me to clarify, because if anyone wasn't clear, then I did want to take this opportunity. Our total cost for the second quarter was better than our expectations. Simultaneously, our total costs for the second quarter were above baseline or a normalized level, given the absence of COVID. So maybe that's where the clarification is necessary. So we're above baseline for the quarter, but better than overall expectations, and that's one of the reasons our medical loss ratio is at the very low end of the guidance range as well. And then associated with the City of New York startup costs, the Ohio startup cost, we're really not going to go through specificity of dollars at this point in time. Since there's a lot of moving parts in our 2021 guidance. We do have, we closed on MMM and myNEXUS, which certainly includes some financing costs, deal costs and integration costs on for those entities. We have the startup costs for New York GRS as well as Ohio; we've taken all that into consideration. And it's all been thought through in terms of our $25.50 guidance. So thank you for the question.
JohnGallina: Oh, yes. Thanks, Matt. Maybe I can help answer that question. So in the second quarter, we saw that the inpatient was still below baseline, ER utilization is still short of baseline. However, doctor's visits and outpatient were a bit above. And part of that at our encouragement, we're trying to encourage our members to seek health care when they need it, paying their checkups, and their annual visits, and various things like that. And as you know, more often that the seniors going to see the doctor, the better opportunity there is for us to collect data and information on them to help maximize the risk or revenues. So part of our strategy was consistent with that, to ensure that our members actually saw it and got the care they needed. And we're seeing that. So yes, we did see outpatient and doctor's visits above baseline for the quarter. And we're actually pretty happy about that because we think that's a good thing in the long term. So hopefully, that helps.
JohnGallina: Thanks, Kevin. Well, I'll just address the pricing issue head on, and we've said this before, we are going to stay disciplined with respect to pricing, and we're going to price it to forward trend. We said this in 2020. We did that. And we're seeing that come through in 2021. And feel good about our pricing as it relates to what we did in 2020. Yes, you're right; there are a lot of moving pieces and parts. We do have a sophisticated model, we're tracking this stuff, weekly, we talk about this and we take really all the COVID and non COVID impacts into consideration for pricing purposes. So everything that you mentioned, whether or not what, what are vaccination rates looking like the population, in terms of who's receiving vaccines, the upticks and potential, variants, non COVID electives, core utilization, et cetera. All that is being taken into consideration. If you look at some of our public filings, like in the individual business, you will see, that we are pricing in for these COVID impacts, I would say there's variation by geography, and there's variation by product line. So there is complexity to it, but I think we're being very prudent and again, we're going to price the forward trend and be disciplined about pricing going forward.
JohnGallina: Thank you, Ricky for those questions. First of all, I'll address the MMM, past year results for MMM when you look at it in our consolidated numbers, certainly weighed down by financing cost, integration costs. And also Puerto Rico has a higher tax rate on average than the rest of the US. And so all those things have been taken into consideration. And really, there's not a lot of accretion associated with that for 2021. It's really we expected to be much more meaningful in terms of its contribution in 2022. So as I had stated in the prior question, there's a lot of moving parts for the back half of '21, and a lot of integration and implementation cost. They've all been factored into our $25.50 guidance already. With that, I'll turn it back to Gail.
GailBoudreaux: Great. Well, thanks for the questions Justin; we will try to tick them off. I'll start first on the city of New York and then Felicia should share some of her insights on the Medicaid business in particular. Thanks again for the question, because first, we're really honored to have been awarded the contract with the City of New York and continue serving these members in the state as we execute on our strategy. This is really, I think, a great proof point for Anthem that we shared with everyone at our Investor Day about our goal to get deeper in each of the sites we serve. This contract gives us that opportunity in a very important state. And it also I think, is a proof point for our goal to convert our existing clients to group Medicare Advantage, so two really strong, I think proof points for the strategy that we've been talking about over the last several years. I think a little bit of background would be helpful on the city in New York; we have served them for more than 50 years.  And we've actually been their medical management vendor of the past five years. So if you think about that, it's really given us a really good strong understanding of the members and their health needs. So it was really for us a great opportunity to provide them sort of the strategic offering and group MA. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks that generally these contracts are dilutive in the first full year of operations. The back half of the year, we're going to incur startup costs and with no offsetting revenue, so as we get ready to go live in January of '22. And we're absorbing that in the guidance that we've given you. And as we've noted, in past contracts of this size tend to be diluted as the members transition a group MA. I think the good news is obviously as the medical management vendor we have some insight into these members, but we also need to collect the data to reflect the members acuity and risk scores and ramp up other medical management issues, particularly our value based care provider relationships, and obviously working with our partner Emblem. In terms of overall membership, at this time, it's a little bit early to call, but we believe it'll be over 200,000 lives, there's going to be some variability in that because there is a choice in open enrollment to buy up and do different things. But we think, clearly, it'll be over the 200,000 lives. And as we think about 2022, the guidance and what that means we'll share that later in this year. We're a little early and ahead of that, and we'll address that at the end of the year. But again, I'll just close on this section, that as a seven year contract, we think that it's really positive for us overall. And it really gives us breadth and depth in the market. And beginning in '23, we expected to have a positive impact to our earnings and a really strong and compelling ROI. So with that, I'm going to ask Felicia to address the second part of your question, I guess, which was about Medicaid and re-verification.
GailBoudreaux: Thanks, John. Only thing I'd add is that's very similar and consistent to what we've guided through throughout the year.
GailBoudreaux: Well, thanks for the question, Lisa. I think a couple things there embedded in that we are, as I shared with you, in the opening comments, particularly around our HealthOS platform, we're really building an integrated platform where we can drive data. So I'll address virtual care in a minute. But I think it's all connected, we're starting with really our deep data insights. And we're connecting that with our care provider network, trying to give them the best information across every point in time. And then we're using that to enable our value based care providers. So I think the core of what we're sharing is that virtual is a component of it. And you saw, not only virtual, but also at home care. We believe that our ability to get to the commitment, we made at Investor Day around getting our trend to CPI is really about the -- I guess I'd say the combination of all of these things. So starting again, with enabling our value based providers providing data at real time, and connecting that to consumers through our Sydney platform. So we accelerated a lot of those initiatives over the past year, particularly in the second quarter, you heard the proof point that we just shared about our Medicaid because we think there's opportunities there as well to accelerate the engagement of our consumers. But fundamentally, this is really about getting our value based payment, and our providers enabled with the data so that they can make the right decisions take greater risk. And we do see that as a critical element of getting to CPI, trended CPI over the next several years. So I think they all come together. And again, virtual care is just part of I think, the continuum of care, including at home care that we're offering our providers as part of the mix of how they best serve patients, where they need to be at the right time. So thanks for the question. I think it's a core element of our strategy. But it's quite comprehensive. It's not only about the digital platform; it's really about value based care. It's about connecting of care providers with consumers, and then enabling the providers to actually get more involved and take more risk along the way and feel confident that they can manage those patients. So thanks again.
GailBoudreaux: Thanks, Pete. I just want to reiterate a couple points that Pete made, because I think they're really important; one, is just our ability to sell more than our lapses. I mean, we've really been consistent over the last year and a half plus. And I think a lot of that goes back to our tools, our products. We've done a lot of work on our sales effectiveness, and that's really resonating in the marketplace, are focused on whole health. And so again, while Pete shared that attrition, still in our fee-based business is something that we're closely watching. We're really pleased with the growth in our risk based business. We've taken a very consistent approach. And we've done well in the markets. And again, it's all about our depth, trying to continue to get keep being deep in those markets and strong national account showing as well this year. And we're very optimistic about our pipeline. So, thanks for that question.
GailBoudreaux: Thank you. In terms of your second question, I want to address that because Anthem does recognize that there has been really little hope or choice for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, quite frankly it is a heartbreaking disease for patients, their families, their friends and caregivers. We've been monitoring the development of the drug for over a year, we're closely watching the FDA guidance and all available evidence as it continues to change. And as new information becomes available, we're going to continue to evaluate it with our clinical experts we've had, we've advanced them the FDA guidance and recommendation from others. So it's all really, I think times to the relevant evidence that will become available. We really do appreciate the patience as we can take this due diligence and ensure that it really is the most clinically appropriate use of drugs and therapies for our members. So thank you for the question.
GailBoudreaux: Yes, and I just like to add to John's comment, because remember, we've been forecasting that we expected this to be above our normalized level. And again, particularly Medicare, where you have a highly vaccinated population, we looked at what happened in 2020. Again, we're encouraging them, with house visits to come into the doctor's immunizations, preventative care, et cetera. So that's an important part of it. And again, as we've shared, while we're projecting the back half of the year to be above baseline, again, been very consistent with that. We don't see a surge coming just because of some of the utilization constraints within the system. But again, we're very prudent about what's going to happen with the Delta variant. And that's all been part of the guidance that we gave you. So hopefully that helps clarify.
GailBoudreaux: Thanks, Pete, and I guess the only thing I'd add, and Pete did a really good job of describing everything. I'll point to sort of the two proof points. One is the Sydney care sales that we've been seeing, particularly in the largest end which usually are the first movers. And it's been all about integration. And we've done really well with our Total Health, Total You, which is really focused on, again, integration and overall between behavioral pharmacy everything. So overall, I think those are, again, the themes and as Pete laid out the major things that are happening in the space. So thanks for the question.
GailBoudreaux: Yes, thanks. In terms of your question on myNEXUS, thank you. MyNEXUS, as I shared is really one of the critical elements of our strategy, both inside of Anthem and outside of Anthem. So you think about 2 million lives serve 900,000 inside of anthem, we've deployed it pretty extensively. But there is more opportunity. We're working through our integration plans clearly, as we grow. And some of the new opportunities, we see this as a critical opportunity for us to get care in the home and also have a digital integration. So I think that's really important. But also, it's part of our diversified business group strategy to sell to others, our Blue strategy and other clients that we work with extensively. So I see it both the opportunity to grow inside of Anthem, and that's something we know them well, we really liked the capabilities, obviously, we use 900 -- we have them against 900,000 members. So we see more opportunity there across our businesses, including our duals. And then secondarily, we think there's a really significant opportunity to grow that business outside of Anthem as well. So this one hits kind of both parts of our strategy. In terms of our cost of care, going to the home, virtual value based care, all of those are critical elements of our cost of care strategy. And so again, having a strong in home offering, I think, is a really important part particularly for the senior population. So we see this as having an important part of that piece of it. So thanks for the question. I think it's for us an important building block and an important piece of our overall strategy.
GailBoudreaux: Well, thanks for the question. I'll tell start. And then I'll ask Jeff Alter to provide a little more context. I mean, part of our strategy there is, and again, as we think of our value based relationships, working with dense providers in markets that we want to go much deeper in Medicare Advantage; we want to have stronger enablement for them to move up the risk quarter. And so we've picked partners that we think can help us do that, again, we are -- goal is to be extremely deep in the markets we serve. And so we see the capabilities there is really strong and also aligned, again, with the data that we shared, our HealthOS platform, so part of the partnership is not just to do a contracting relationship, but it truly is to integrate with our data, our systems connected to our consumer facing capabilities, and then have the capabilities that we've built, whether it's myNEXUS or other things, help support them and hitting their overall cost goal. So I think it's an important piece and component of our value based strategy. And we see, again, our opportunity to get deeper and grow with these partners is actually a really compelling value proposition for that. So, Jeff, I don't know if you want to make any additional comments about that.
