John Gallina: Thank you for the kind words, AJ, and good morning everyone. And I really do appreciate the question and the opportunity to provide clarity on these issues. We're obviously very pleased with our results for the second quarter, which is really following delivery of strong results also in the first quarter. And related to your question and the issues on trend, and I do think part of the confusion out there is trying to understand what is happening versus what is expected or what was expected. And as we've noted previously, when you combine COVID and non-COVID cost, the overall cost of the healthcare system is more expensive than if COVID had never occurred, something we've been talking about and analyzing and stating for a while now. So given that fact, we had already included the elevated cost structure into our pricing, into our projections and into our guidance. And quite honestly, this is true for all lines of business within the Health Benefits segment. So if you look at the first and second quarter in particular, there really isn't anything all that surprising or all that different from our overall expectations. Cost continued to be higher when compared to a baseline as if COVID never existed. So we obviously are very well positioned. And as you know, based on this morning's call, we raised our guidance by $0.15 to $32.85 per share. And those expectations fall solidly within our 12% to 15% compound annual long-term growth rate target. But I think just as importantly, as you heard in my prepared comments, we reaffirmed our original guidance for the full year 2023 benefit expense ratio. So, anyway, thanks for the question, AJ. And, operator, next question please.
John Gallina: Yeah. Thank you for the question, Justin. And I'm happy to provide the follow-up. As I said, I'll start out by reiterating, we did raise our EPS guidance and proactively reaffirmed MLR guidance for the year. So I think that actually has a hoard view of trend inherent in it. Yeah. But having said that, I'm not so sure that we're really seeing anything that much differently than some other folks have been saying. We've been expecting the cost of healthcare to be elevated compared to the baseline as if COVID never existed. I'm not going to provide a specific point estimate, but only to say that we've seen it, we've priced for it and we've included and factored it into our expectations. And this is the second time this year we've raised guidance and reaffirming the MLR outlook. So I think we're in pretty good position. Associated with the margins, commercial is doing very well. I'll start out with Health Benefits in total. That's our Health Benefits segment. Margins improved 50 basis points year-over-year and are on track to hit the guidance of greater than -- improvement of 30 basis points to 60 basis points. I do want to note in my prepared comments, I had a comment about a court ruling that we disagree with that we took a charge. Without that charge, the margin improvement would have been higher than the high end of the 30 basis point to 60 basis point improvement year-over-year. So Health Benefits margins are going quite well. Commercial repricing effort, Medicaid is very much in line with expectations and Medicare Advantage is actually relatively in line with expectations aside from the one geography that have been pointed out that really is not all that material or significant to the overall results of Elevance Health. But it's an area that we're focused on and there will obviously be improvement opportunities for 2024. So, all in, we are very pleased with our performance and very bullish on our expectations for the rest of the year.
John Gallina: Thanks for the question, Lisa, and good morning. Yeah, associated with trends and COVID existing versus not existing and what the baseline might have been, it's really not a lot of pent-up demand for care. There certainly can be small pockets of that. But in general, the healthcare system was pretty much open for business quite significantly in 2022. There may have been some staffing shortages that impacted that ever so slightly, but not all that significantly, we don't believe. And we just think that it's really -- it's an overall increasing in cost structure. COVID is not gone. It still exists. It's just no longer the big significant driving force that it had been for the past several years. And so as we look at things in total, we see a higher cost structure in general. And then associated with GLP-1 drugs, that is one element of a multitude of elements as part of an overall trend conversation. And as I said, trend overall is consistent with our expectation. So we feel very good about that. And can there be an upside on CarelonRx? Well, certainly a small one, but not enough to really change the trajectory at this point. So thank you for the questions.
John Gallina: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. Appreciate the question. Associated with the 40% to 45%, I'm not positive about the CAGR you're looking at from ‘19 and exactly what's in the baseline and what all the thought processes are versus qualifications and eligibility requirements. But as we do our review in our work and certainly access a lot of independent studies as well, we feel very comfortable that we believe that 40% to 45% will stay on. And that's really a projection for what will be the ultimate result a year from now after the entire redetermination process occurs and things shake out. So I think it's a very reasonable expectation and we feel very good about it. And then in terms of the overall coverage patterns, everything else, one thing to point out that might be inherent in your question is as we look at the second quarter of 2023, actually many of our states, Medicaid states that are not Blue states, actually went a little bit earlier on in the beginning of the redetermination. So everybody will have started redeterminations by now. But when you look at who started in the April, May timeframe, for us, it was more heavily weighted to the states that are not our Blue states. So we still feel very good about our overall catcher's mitt and the fact that we think 20% to 25% of these folks will ultimately end up on employer sponsored plans, 20% to 25% will ultimately end up in an individual ACA product, 40% to 45% will stay on Medicaid. And that's what we're tracking to and we actually have some insights into the states that are starting in June, it looks very promising that our thought process is going to be validated. So thank you for the question.
John Gallina: Yeah. Thanks for the question, and good morning. In terms of our EPS, guidance, as you know, we raised it to $32.85 or greater than $32.85. And I think that would assume that a little bit more than 56% of our earnings will have occurred in the first half of the year. So when you look at the last six months of the year, we are actually pretty comfortable with what the current consensus estimates have associated with the third quarter and with the seasonality that the current consensus estimates have inherent in it. And that is that the third quarter will be a bit more profitable than the fourth quarter which is very consistent with the typical seasonality of our business. And then for ‘24, as you know, it's just really premature to go into a 2024 conversation at this time. We'll provide a lot more insights on that at the end of the year, a little bit more in the third quarter and a lot more at the end of the year and have a more robust conversation about 2024 at that time.
Peter Haytaian: Yeah. Thanks, Gail, and thanks, Lance. I really appreciate the question. And you know this, we've talked a lot about it, but a big part of our strategy is obviously to focus on managing high cost, high trends areas. Gail talked about it today in her prepared remarks. And then obviously, capitating risk down to -- through Elevance -- with Elevance Health first in mind, and we are -- part of our strategy was to drive that value through Elevance Health first and then have that translate externally. And we are seeing that play through very, very nicely. I'll give you a sense of quickly what's happening internally and then, Lance, to your question how that translates externally. Internally, we're working very closely with the P&L. And we continue to accelerate a lot of opportunity. We talked about finalizing the post-acute care initiative this year. That's over 1.2 million Medicare members. We just launched a new durable medical equipment offering as well with our Medicare business and we're expanding that to commercial. And in our medical benefits management, which was formerly AIM, we've insourced a lot of critical services around genetic testing and things like oncology. So a lot of energy around that and then of course the behavioral health, physical health opportunity and assuming full risk on that is a tremendous opportunity as well. And interestingly enough, we are have -- where we're having a lot of success internally, that is actually translating in our external pipeline, and specifically with the Blues. As we talk about the Blues and they see us having a lot of confidence and good performance internally in Elevance, they're interested in some of those same solutions. So I would say at the top of the list, when you look at our pipeline and the growth in our pipeline, the home solutions through myNEXUS, an uphold of Carelon post-acute care solutions, is getting a lot of visibility. The post-acute care offering that we just launched in our Medicare business internally is also driving a lot of excitement in the pipeline. And I would also say that there is a decent amount of interest in some of the innovations around payment integrity. So I think a lot of opportunity, not only still internally, but that will translate as it relates to the Blues. As it relates to advanced home delivery and the launch of CarelonRx Pharmacy, that was the second part of your question, again, really, really excited about this initiative. And as we've talked about overall for our pharmacy strategy, its aim is to source the strategic levers that really matter. And we're doing that both with obviously what we're doing in specialty and in sourcing this activity. But I wouldn't look at this as only in-sourcing mail. I would look at it more broadly in terms of what we're trying to do to get closer to the member and differentiate in terms of our experience overall with our consumers. Think of the capabilities that we're deploying. Number one, this is going to be connected to Sydney, our consumer engagement platform. There's going to be a convenient quick scheduling of medications. If you think about access to pharmacists and how critical that is, we're going to have access to a pharmacist 24/7. So that's a big differentiator. And then importantly, I think a lot of people know that the experience with mail isn't necessarily always smooth. And so we're going to have an easy view of where delivery stands, an Uber-like experience, quite frankly. So you know where your pharmaceutical stand in terms of their delivery. So a lot in that regard in terms of really differentiating ourselves on experience and we're excited about that. And as Gail said, we're ready to launch that heading into 2024.
Peter Haytaian: Yeah, thanks for the question, Josh. It's Pete Haytaian here. First of all, in terms of Carelon’s overall -- the Carelon Services overall performance from an operating perspective, we're very pleased. Op gains saw a nice improvement year-over-year. And just to be clear, as it relates to our margin profile for the year, we're very confident in achieving the 25 basis points to 50 basis points guidance that we gave in terms of margin improvement over the year. In terms of the variation there, a lot of this has to do with seasonality and as seasonality continues to evolve, we are sort of seeing differences there. This year, what's different than previous years is we're driving a lot more business through the government business. So as I talked about in my earlier comments, in terms of the post-acute care initiative with our Medicare teams, as well as the durable medical equipment opportunity, these are examples of things where we're driving a lot more business through the government business and that's translating into earnings really being weighted to the back half of the year. So that's where the difference is. In terms of the one-time issue, I think you're probably referencing pharmacy. And in the case of pharmacy again to speak about how we're performing there, we're very pleased overall with how that's going in terms of our margin performance. The 6% to 6.5% range in terms of margin performance for the year and guidance that we gave, we still feel very comfortable with that. The one-time issue that occurred in terms of the year-over-year difference, Q2 ‘22 versus this year, was a one-time favorable positive impact that we experienced in pharmacy last year that we're not seeing this year. But overall, pharmacy is performing very, very well. And we feel very comfortable with the 6% to 6.5% guidance for the year.
Peter Haytaian: Yeah, Nathan. Thanks for the question. This is Pete. Again, when we think about our operating performance in CarelonRx, I'll just say upfront, we're confident in our pharmacy business. And if you exclude BioPlus, we will come in at that 6% to 6.5% range. So flattish as we talked about. And as Gail mentioned in her prepared remarks, we're continuing to invest and things like BioPlus and advanced home delivery. BioPlus, our original guidance did not include BioPlus. And so that as we talked about that, that's had a bit of dilution. But again, outside of BioPlus, we're very confident in coming in into the 6% to 6.5% range. As it relates to your question on Humira and biosimilars, again, as we said, we're very excited about biosimilars coming into the marketplace and how that's going to drive overall cost and affordability down the road. We and CarelonRx have been very, very focused on driving lowest net cost. We obviously were well aware of what occurred in July in terms of the launches and we've been staying very, very close to that. And as we've said before, we have historically supported biosimilars alongside our reference brand. On Humira, we do expect to include a biosimilar or biosimilars in a similar formulary position as Humira this year. We're not going to go into more specifics in terms of timing or specifically what we're going to do, but we will do that. And I would finally say that with the addition of BioPlus in our portfolio, I think we're now in a much better position to directly manage specialty pharmacy more holistically. So appreciate your questions.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah. Thank you, Pete. As you can hear from the excitement I think from Pete and all the things we're doing about Carelon Services and CarelonRx, there's a lot going on to really build our strategy and I think execute on it. And I guess I would just punctuate two things that Pete talked about. One, the behavioral health area. We really see ourselves as a leader in the crisis management area as well as we're seeing a lot of internal or external validated -- validity of that strategy. And I think starting to pull through not just in its historic government business, but also on the commercial side where they're integrating physical and behavioral in particular, which is a core part of our whole health strategy. And then on the pharmacy side, again, we're really trying to make sure that the value and strategic levers are coming through and you heard that in what Pete talked about. So thanks for the question, Lance, and next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah. Thanks, John, and thanks for the questions, Justin. I think it's important we've been very consistent all year. We haven't changed our view of how we see MLR and feel very comfortable as John said in the guidance that we gave and where we're heading on margins. So thanks again for the question and opportunity to comment. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah. So Michael, as you heard from Felicia, there's a lot there and there's incredible work across our enterprise going into this. But overall, it's aligned very closely with the expectations we set. So thank you for the question.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks. And the only thing I'd add to that is, again, there's a timing lag here, but we feel our expectations are very much aligned. And we are seeing, particularly in the individual change, that -- early states that our applications are up at a much higher rate than they were prior to redeterminations, which you would expect and given our commercial market share in our Blue states. So very well positioned in the ACA market for those that will ultimately not keep Medicaid coverage. But again, as I shared in my early remarks, we're working really hard to make sure that everyone who's going through this process in conjunction with our state partners understands the options that are available to us. And that's been very positive. We're seeing a lot of really good uptake and we're actually contacting, having great success rates in contacting individuals where we have the information. So those are very encouraging early signs to us. And again, we'll continue to update as we get through this process because many of the states are really just in the throes of it, certainly our Blue states. But, thanks very much for the question. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Yeah, thanks again for that question. And again on just your pricing question, we've got a very consistent approach to pricing and we're going to keep that discipline as we project our forward view of cost. So I don't think anything has changed though. There's not a whole lot more that's new, but we're very disciplined about our projection and how we see that and that's how we price to. So thanks for the question and next question.
Gail Boudreaux: Sure. I'll ask Morgan Kendrick, who leads Commercial business maybe to comment a little bit about commercial and what we're seeing in the marketplace.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks, Morgan. And again, just reiterating something that Morgan just said, I think is important is the consolidation trend where we become single source has been accelerating in the last few years and we continue to see that. That's a notable trend this year. And I think what's important is we're also seeing it not just in medical coverage but beginning to consolidate with Carelon Services as well. So that's a very positive trend for the strategy around whole health that we laid out. Thank you. Next question. I think this will be our last question.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you, Pete. Now I'd like to close by saying thank you. We're pleased with our performance year to date and we're confident that the ongoing execution of our strategy positions us well for the balance of 2023 and in the years to come. Through a steadfast focus on whole health and our diverse and expanding suite of products and solutions, we'll continue to meet the needs of clients, consumers and communities we serve, advancing our strategy of becoming a lifetime trusted health partner. Thank you all for your interest in Elevance Health, and have a great rest of week.
