Angela Braly: With respect to 2011, we are expecting a little bit of a rebound in the trend in 2011. We are expecting more normal flu season, we expect some rebound in our pharmacy costs, we had an improvement from our initial year of Express Scripts. We expect scripts to have discounted continue to repeat but not necessarily incrementally were going to work with them obviously very diligently and programs to further penetrate around military and generic rates continue to improve. We also know though these impacts on health care reform that could add to costs throughout the delivery systems. That's going to be offset somewhat by the COBRA having rolled off a little bit that will expect less COBRA and 2011. So we are taking of this potential for a rebound in to our pricing and being disciplined you believe anything the market is being disciplined and rational in terms of pricing over all and of course you can predict impact of the large definitions at this point.
Angela Braly: For the reasons you stated, you can't really get into 2011 at this point and they don't have the MLR but what we can tell you about is what we are doing, which is to the overall SG&A would be very disciplined are being very customer focused. We understand our customers have an affordability challenge and we have to address that both in reducing our DNA and our focus we want to partner with brokers and agency and consultancy have meaningful relationships year but we also have a working with them on share responsibility, which I think will be important in terms of the whole system working more efficiently and that will obviously be happening in 2011 and beyond.
Angela Braly: The blues have really come together more over the last couple of years. And we are focused with them on a lot of consistency. We tend to assess our National Account market and is a reflection of our ability to create a seamless network and seamless service as an example of that in our Anthem Care Comparison tool which is our transparency tool and shows our members procedures what the relative cost is in the hospitals in your geography where they are episodes of cost and give us an quality data and that was adopted by cost association as transparency tool that's now being rolled out across not only our Blue plans but all the other Blue plans as well and this idea of shared services you haven't heard much about it -week-old the number of our systems across the Blue Cross association there a number of Blue plans on the resulting core system that we're going to end we have more than the majority of our memberships on and so the Israel scale beyond WellPoint that into the boot in terms of other opportunity. In terms of continuing the opportunity for consolidation, we believe particularly given the need for scale, size and scale is a real opportunity for growth and value and we think over time, there will be a unique opportunity for WellPoint to have further consolidation with the blues. There are a lot of factors to go into whether or not a Blue plan is really ready for that are at its appropriate under the circumstances and we think we can parse it in a variety of ways.
Angela Braly: I'll turn it over to Bryant but I have to say that our business has really been a great job of both operation of the McGrady our systems really preparing for both futures I think we are executing well. I have to take on the populations in a variety of different ways.
Angela Braly: Carl, I think were doing fine in the marketplace. 10 and his team have been very disciplined so we think in this environment we have opportunities but as were looking at unemployment overall we've seen a level lost at some point but we're expecting it to be fairly flat in 2011, not a significant increase. Hopefully we'll do better than that but that's our expectations right now.
Angela Braly: Thank you. Thank you all for your questions. In closing, I would like to reiterate that we are performing well in most areas of the company, and we will remain confident in the future. We're working diligently to implement the initial requirements of healthcare reform while continuing to deliver strong value and excellent service to our customers. We're also taking actions to make the organization even more operationally efficient and effective, while investing for future growth and the incremental differentiation in the marketplace. We believe we're well positioned to drive increased value for our current and future customers and our shareholders. I want to thank everybody for participating on this call this morning. Operator, please provide the call replay instructions.
Wayne Deveydt: Yes, John. At this point we don't want to give guidance in 2011 but I don't think it's unreasonable to assume that.
Wayne Deveydt: One of the things that see me is regarding a development. We have continued to reserve this is consistent than conservative level of high single-digit exclusive margin. So we are not adjusted that as of 930 and so for that reason, what they been spiking up to date has been all that's been above and beyond what I would call the consistent conservative level. Clearly as he mentioned in our previous comments that we are not reflected any further adjustments that could occur which would be entering into the fourth quarter within our guidance I would anticipate that there will be an adjustment the difference will be most likely in the fourth quarter versus what we see in the first nine months. The second comment I want to make is to continue to 1% decline in trend, I think it's a reasonable assumption to assume that you would see an equal amount of positive impact to the bottom line. And will recognize at the commercial trend only with the vast majority of that almost 2/3 of that being offset by California alone and the loss is now up in the 150 level and if you recall we assumed that we will make money in California which will not be an unreasonable assumption. It's in the low single digits. . .
Wayne Deveydt: So when you consider the profits that is eating up the majority of the improvement that we've seen in the commercial book.
Wayne Deveydt: Thanks, Doug. From a leverage perspective we have more than enough Apple pants right now so leverage up the don't see a lot of value in that we are enjoying the lower interest rate that we're seeing from that perspective although it organization on the investment income side I think right now we do expect that to be more consolidation in the industry. This will be a very cost cause the program to implement healthcare reform and rethink skill is going to matter and so I think they like having that available for sizable acquisition if one becomes available or even small acquisitions as they become available but I don't see it will necessarily level up but we have more clarity around these final rules and regulations and what impact they will have on consolidation in the industry.
Wayne Deveydt: I think your numbers are right on. You're probably need to keep about $1 billion at the parent as part of our liquidity framework to enable us to pay both short term and 12 months of principal interest so the services as he said about $1.8 billion, will recognize around $700 million that will go away in January that's coming due so are paying back down in January. It does relieve us roughly $1 billion. We'll be visiting with our board later this quarter. Our 2011 plans and part of evaluating that additional billion dollars along with 2011 cash though we expect to generate and we are exploring a number of capital the private alternatives.
Wayne Deveydt: Right. that's the full year impact in the important part to recognize those as we have an effective October was a budget vast majority of that 150 is what you're seeing for the first nine months of the year develop the runs through the back half of the year and a member that's just the laws. It assumes that were planning not to make any we did low single-digit margins of actual total impact exceeds the 200 million mark.
Wayne Deveydt: From a dollar perspective, Joshua looking at $100 million payment and that's panning out as expected.
Wayne Deveydt: For fourth quarter, couple of items. One is we are assuming a normal flu season for the quarter was obvious he recognized the first nine months of not affected normal flu season but all that being said, we believe it's better to plan for normal flu season despite what you've seen in the first nine months. In addition, we do believe that the seasonality will increase quite a bit both in the commercial and individual products because my death have continued to grow in the last couple of years so historical MLR patterns are not reflected I guess if you've seen in the most recent periods if you think was a little more seasonality and again we assume that a bit more than normal seasonality to the extent that trends continue like this in the first nine months that will be slightly better-than-expected result than what reforecasting at this point in time. And then in terms of other programs, there really is a minimus impact and fourth quarters to get at Assumption baked in but it's not that big of a headwind.
Wayne Deveydt: We may do something a little sooner depending of an final regulations, but right now are planning for it in January and tentatively on the 21st so we may Investor Relations this into.
Wayne Deveydt: I think it's us and with our past practices to the extent you have additional conservatism that involves and develops who will spec that out. One of our goals is to try to get through as just kind of run rate as we see in a underlying book some of the benefits we had in our stabilization higher rates is enabling us to get a better view than we had over the last couple of years. That's one of the reasons why you're seeing so much prior period involvement come through. I do anticipate that we may have more in the fourth quarter but until we see more around October, November, December, is a difficult to pull that out naturally spike it out at this point in time is why we have consistently not included that in that guidance. I think it's important for us to get as close on a regular consistent margin that you put in development month and in Martha at think the only way for investors to really understand what's happening in the core run rate. So if we do better next year will spec it out but forgetting to a point where were pretty tightened at margin. The numbers are coming in pretty close to that each month though.
Brian Sassi: In terms of California, current legislation is that carriers can only take a rate increase minimum of every six months, so we have a 10-1 rate increase of nearly as we could get would be for 1/20/'11. And then in terms of quantification from a loss ratio, I don't have that in hand but we view as you mentioned you have $150 million impact.
Brian Sassi: I think you are aware the puppet nation in California is based on how the state is changing the programs of the current participants of the state as they load DSP the population and managed care will be getting our fair share. Were anticipating that fair share to come in probably in the middle of the year in the 20,000 member range, and I think at this point it's really good view.
Brian Sassi: A lot of the noise had to do with some of the filing center effective 923 in Connecticut. Those were approved and those have been implemented. We are in the process of filing our 2011 rates and preparing for public hearing process that's been previously announced. Is not unusual in Connecticut who went through the process last year and are prepared to go through it again this year.
Brian Sassi: Marketplace itself is rational across the board last quarter we identified at and have become more rational for some of our competitors. That was a benefit for us going into 2011 we are expecting medical costs to increase and over all our rate increases are about the same is likely higher than a year-ago and part of that is related to the benefit changes that we have in place related to be patented including the anticipated medical cost rebound as well.
