Joe Swedish: Thanks, Wayne. Before we move to the Q&A section of the call, I do want to update you on our few senior leadership changes. Dick Zoretic who heads our government business division has recently informed us of his decision to retire for personal reasons at the end of May. I first want to express our sincere thanks to Dick for everything he has done to position our government business division with a continued growth opportunities we see in that area over the coming years. The success of the Amerigroup integration and our success in accelerating growth in our government business under his leadership are the result of the reinvigorated organization leveraging its key assets more fully. In addition to Dick’s leadership, a key driver of this improvement has been the level and the depth of leadership and talent throughout division. As such, I'm very pleased to announce that Pete Haytaian, President of our Medicaid business will be taking over Dick’s roll next month. Pete joined Amerigroup in 2005. Many of you have met Pete over the years. But for those that have not, Pete has been a key factor behind sustained growth and execution track record at Amerigroup and has been absolutely instrumental in the successful integration over the last year and the improved performance of legacy WellPoint Medicaid business. Pete bring substantial operating experience across both Medicaid and Medicare markets and a track record of operating execution and discipline to the role. I have every confidence that Pete will lead our government business to further success across our markets. I'm also pleased to announce that Tom Zielinski has agreed to join us as Executive Vice President and General Counsel. I've known Tom for many years. He is a fantastic addition to our team, bringing extensive legal and industry experience having previously served as General Counsel at Coventry. I believe both of these appointments strengthen our company and strengthen our prospects going forward. With that, operator, please open the queue for questions.
Joe Swedish: Hey, Justin. Good morning. Let me first start by saying that relative to margins, we are very pleased with the mix of business and probably more importantly the affirmation of the strategy we laid out around the design of our products and formulary. So our margins within our markets varied but they are still within our targeted range in total of 3% to 5% category. Relative to the 3Rs, it’s a little bit of a hard question for us to answer because we do not believe we will be in receivable position on the corridors. From our perspective, we believe we are in situation where we are within the sweet spot of maintaining the appropriate margins. So, I couldn’t respond to what the auditors may or may not say. If anything, we have evaluated a few markets where we may be booking payable, in fact in the quarter while deminimis, have booked a small payable towards the corridor.
Joe Swedish: So, Justin, for Hep C, we are actually pricing our book for Hep C cost to double over what those costs were for last year. In the first quarter, we were just shy of $50 million in costs. So we are still well within our pricing that we laid out for the year. But we thought it would be prudent to at least incrementally increase by additional $100 million in our outlook in the event that we would see a continued ramp up in utilizations. As I mentioned in my comments, if that proves to be conservative in our outlook and that would provide upsides to our guidance.
Joe Swedish: We doubled it from last year. So last year was at a level comparable to what you saw in the first quarter. So we had in excess of $100 plus million in pricing for this year.
Joe Swedish: Just to add some color commentary, I think we are very solidly positioned for continued growth in the space. We believe and I just maybe affirm what Wayne just shared with you on that and we are actively pursuing duals. We are repositioning in Medicare, leaving that there will be an inflection point sometime in the not-too-distant future that would call us backend but we certainly want do that with a stable portfolio. And we have other government initiatives in terms of expectations with respect to Medicaid number growth. So all-in, we see the horizon. We believe that building a team as well as an infrastructure to support that growth is absolutely essential for success going forward. We are well on our way. And I think we're perfectly positioned for continued growth in the space.
Joe Swedish: Good morning, A.J. I will give you a little bit of background on what we saw. First of all, just as reminder, the membership you see in our current 1.3 member, a million number growth only reflects open enrollment due February 15th. So clearly applications received post that date, have a much more meaningful lift beginning in April and May. Relative to our expectations, the volume we saw is specifically in the last two weeks of March and that actually continued into the first two weeks of April for the extended enrollment period, not only was substantial versus our expectations. But I would tell you that we saw in each day’s applications, the average age coming down in a meaningful fashion. And from our perspective, again, only time will tell but relative to the average age we've seen in that, we have hit the sweet spot. Relative to the claims activity, we have pushed over 90% of the claims we received in the first quarter through our predictive analytics and modeling we’ve done. As we were building out whether we thought we hit the sweet spot or not and at least as of today, everything continues to be in the green status meaning positive status for now. We’ve maintained a cautious outlook though until we can get through second quarter at this point because so much volume comes in, in April and May.
Joe Swedish: One other wrinkle might be helpful because we are still tallying related to the post-February 15th and we are witnessing about a 90% premium pay relative to the enrollment capture, which I think is very strong and I think we've settled out on that number at the moment. So, I think that might help you in terms of envisioning where enrollment might land regarding April 15th.
Joe Swedish: Yeah. Good question. At IR day, I emphasized that last year’s effort certainly going into this is all about stabilization of the company. And I underscored the belief that going forward, we're really keening on transformation of the enterprise, reaching out to some initiatives and strengthening some long-standing commitments we’ve made to the market. Our sense is that we've got a very strong base to work off of and obviously we're now going forward, observing about possibilities, no specifics obviously but we certainly are observant and we believe we can continue to grow our position with what we've got and we may look at further opportunities going into the future.
Joe Swedish: So, Christine, first, in terms of the non-deductibility of the fee relative to Medicaid, the vast majority of the states have now, either in writing or verbally committed to covering that fee. However, as we've said previously, we believe that it is prudent to not recognize that fee and so you can see the all-in rates because we think ultimately rates are fungible and fees are fungible. So while we've included some of this in our first quarter, in our outlook, I will tell you it is less than a nickel at this point in time. So, I think we saw the reasonable amount of modest upside as we see the all-in rates that they imply that would point to trend and a true gross up.
Joe Swedish: Yeah, what was interesting is for all the areas that I performed on membership, the one that was a little surprising was the level of small group membership that actually no longer provided coverage post-January 1. So our early renewals were successful but for those, post that day, once the exchanges got up and running, we saw really -- we missed our expectations in some of the small group in the quarter. From our perspective, we expected that to occur at some point in time. In fact, it occurred sooner was a little surprising but nonetheless we like the fact that our positioning on the exchanges is what is. It was more than offset though by a large group in and of itself in the exchanges.
Joe Swedish: Kevin, good morning. In terms of the small group margin compression either through moving to the exchanges or no longer purchasing with us, we have that pretty much of the broad-based trend across all of our states and in fact that’s what we are seeing. Relative to the State of New York, I don’t think it’s any secret that the past, several years prior to this year we’ve indicated we felt that was a challenging market for anybody to get actuarial sound rates and make a profitable return. So the comments about an aggressive market there are nothing new to that particular market. We play very small in that market and we have only around 25,000 small group members in total there so. And that’s about half of what we finish the year at. So clearly the membership there is moving, but we are okay with that because until it actually improves, we really don’t want to be an active participant.
Joe Swedish: Yes. I would tell you while modest I don’t think it actually benefited the quarter at all. What I mean by that is, we exited our high-single-digit margin for adverse deviation that we typically record. It came in modestly better than that. But we believe we’ve reestablished it all as of March 31, and so we can see further development on the underlying book. And I think that’s evidenced in the DCP being up over 5.5 days. So we think the quarter did not benefit from any development.
Joe Swedish: Thank you. Good morning again. March pattern for fully insured claims was roughly 40% Commercial, 35% Medicaid and 25% Medicare and this does match our revenue mix. So on expense basis, the distribution is about, maybe a half commercial, half government and then when we adjusted from Medicare portion paid by CMS. So it’s within government Medicaid having a largest share of that both.
Joe Swedish: Yeah. Chris, the majority of that was some early expansion, obviously, there are some of the new markets such as Kentucky and that we expected to come a little slower. The item that we can’t gauge right now, although we’re getting very positive feedbacks is that the ACA expansion growth that is in the pipeline with the space right now is quite substantial. And so, we are going to see much more that coming through and then a lot of the other expansion growth that we did this year actually kind of phases and as the year go. So in Medicaid, we actually expect our membership to ramp up from the current level of 122,000 roughly sequential growth to get much closer to that 400,000 to 500,000 level we’ve talked about previously.
Joe Swedish: Yeah. So relative to that about 80% of the members were eligible to some degree of the subsidy, is what we’ve saw. I would say Scott that our pricing was assumed not just by metal level but as you know in the metals we do have, we saw rating bands and age bands and so. It varies very much by segment. But, again, I would say, all in, as we try to carve the data down by market into the different segments that we looked at and we did evaluate whether subsidy eligibility would have different outcome. But I think probably the most optimistic thing I can say is the risk pool and the product selection seems to be coming in in the manner that we had hoped it would. And again, I really want to see second quarter because of the volume of applications that will affect 2Q and make sure that converts before we officially say that we've got it all right, but it's very encouraging right now.
Joe Swedish: Scott, it’s a good question. Unfortunately, has a lot of hypothetical. So, I’ll talk about what I can say or know at this point. We’re following the law and the way the calculation play out in the 3R’s. I will tell you the amount we had to accrue the payable is so de minimis that will pay nobody out. We are within our 3% to 5% targeted range, slightly over the few markets which is why we put the very small payable. Relative to co-op pricing in the market, not, when we see one co-Operator, we only see once, so this is not meant to be broad speaking, but I think it's fair to say there are some co-ops that we do not understand the pricing and we don’t know how economically it will work for them as time progresses. And so from our perspective, it's important to recognize that because of revenue neutrality and we think the market get smarter as each year passes by the data that the probability of money being paid in the pool actually gets less and non-enhance over the next several years. And so, I'm not sure there’s going to be much in the kitty to begin with this year if anything when it said and done. And I would be -- I would personally be cautious against believing there will be anything in the kitty in the out years.
Joe Swedish: Yeah. Good morning Ana. The fully insured $1.1 million loss that I saw is all due to the conversion of New York ASO. So from out perspective, we have had very strong growth in maintaining our book and then growing. In terms of the small group margin loss or EBIT loss that we expected in the year, it is more than the $200 million that we talked about it at IR Day that we expected. It’s actually going a little bit higher than that, but as I said early, we recapturing the vast majority of that back in exchanges and other area. I would say that, a big portion of the headwind we expect in that business. We anticipated they will incur this year and in fact is incurring this year and a more they continues to incur will actually create less of the headwind in future years for us . So we’re actually not discouraged by it.
Joe Swedish: Thanks. A couple of things to keep in mind, while we’ve grown by what is only a 100,000 net in individual, keep in mind that’s essentially retaining the vast majority of our existing book, plus adding to that book. More importantly, it does not include membership enrollment post February 15. So you should see a 150,000 plus more members coming in, if not 200,000 plus more members in the next two months that would get added to that number. And then finally, the one thing it's very hard to model right now is what will happen with small group attrition throughout the year or even the broader economy and if layoff start to pick up again or small group of trips faster than we expected, those lives end up having what we call a life changing event, which allows them then to still go back and enroll in the exchanges. So the one piece I can’t answer for you is how much more of a net additive will be in this year. We’ve taken a cautious view of that for now, but if that actually picks up, I can still see the membership really start tracking well above the 2 million plus lives for the year on individual.
Joe Swedish: Thanks Claire. I appreciate the question. First thing, it was actually better than our expectations in the quarter. The biggest thing I can point to though to why you’re not seeing as much improvement, as we thought it wasn’t a prudent thing to maintain a stronger balance sheet in this quarter until we give the second quarter. As we said at IR Day, it’s important to get to 2Q for you really start understanding the results. And we think we can show that to our investors as you can see the DCP is up 5.5 days and the underlying cash flow is quite strong related to that DCP. Okay. Well, thank you for your questions. In closing, let me reiterate a few key messages I like you to take away from this call. A better than expected first quarter results reflect our strong position in the managed care industry, benefits we are seeing from our strategic investments and our intense focus on execution. We made substantial investments to enhance the depth and breadth of our experience, as well as to improve our responsiveness to the needs of our customers. The addition of Marty Silverstein which was previously announced as Chief Strategy Officer and today's appointments of Pete Haytaian and Tom Zielinski continue that momentum. Recall the IR Day thing. You don't know what you don't know about us because we’ve not told you. With that backdrop, let me summarize. We’re off to a strong start in 2014, supporting an increase in our earnings guidance for the year. Perhaps most important though is that we have executed on our commitments. We told you we would make operational improvements and we have. We told you we would manage capital prudently and we have. We said we’d be a winner on the exchanges and we are. I hope you see them when this management team tells you they will do something we follow through. I want to thank everybody for dissipating on our call this morning. Operator, please provide the call replay instructions.
Wayne DeVeydt: Tom, let me start by first saying that I won’t say that we have a targeted goal as a percentage of our book. What we have is a goal to really maintain and as Joe said at IR Day, a number one or number two market position in every segment, whether it would be government or not government. And then ultimately how that plays out will be very dependent on how the commercial book shifts over time. But that being said, we are bullish on our outlook for Medicaid and duals and longer-term for Medicare. We expected the government Medicaid to ramp up as the year goes on in terms of numbers shifts. So we are actually pleased with what we have in first quarter relative to expectations and expect that to continue to ramp up as the year progresses. And as you know, our dual revenue really doesn’t start coming on until mid and late this year. So the full run rate impacts of that will really start to ramp up beginning next year.
Wayne DeVeydt: I’d say from a Medicaid, we really like expanding our key pipeline, not just on the tenant population but as Dick highlighted a month ago, there was over 40 billion of our key pipeline in the next 18 to 24 months. So we plan to actually participate. But I will tell you that Joe has made it clear to his leadership team that on the Medicare front, we are going to get our shopping order and we are getting close to that and then we expect to start expanding in there much more aggressively beginning 2016.
Wayne DeVeydt: Wayne, we exited in New York to a degree in 2012 and I guess we are holding firm where we are in a very deminimis position.
Wayne DeVeydt: Hey, Josh, good morning. Let me first state that I think we’ve taken a prudently cautious outlook on the exchange membership that hopefully will prove to be more of a low bar when we talk about the 600,000 members. Recognize that a lot of the volume that we got came in, in the last two weeks of March and a lot of it came in, in the first two weeks of April. Note that membership does not have an effective date till May 1 though. So from our standpoint until we can see that each of those members that we got an application on actually converts to a paying member. We are going to go ahead and maintain maybe a lower bar in their outlook. Now if it converts at the rate that Joe has said that we’ve started to see which is closer to 90%, we will outperform that greater than 600,000 exchange base numbers. So I think all-in, when you look at the mix, we are off exchange, but metal products were quite strong as well in the roughly 400,000 plus range. So you are looking at almost 1 million what I call metal based members and then the delta represents that which was grandfathered in existing products. Unfortunately we cannot tell you if a member was previously uninsured or not. We just know that we are winning a lot of new members and whether they had coverage previously as this point we do not know.
Wayne DeVeydt: Well, we clearly know who was or wasn’t a member, but until we see all these applications we recently received push back, it’s hard for us to give you a definitive figure at this point.
Wayne DeVeydt: Again, we are really pleased with our strategy and the affirmation of our pricing strategy relative to what we built. We actually feel like we have more data to go into ’15 pricing than we did going into ’14 and we’ve got validation. And we see the areas where we need to tweak on the fringes now based on getting into the market early and with the market share we have. So I think if you were to talk to our actuarial team Josh, they would tell you that we feel really good about moving into new market. What we can’t control is what competitors do, but we really like our chances. And we think because we get the sweet spots, there will be less volatility in pricing for our members than there would be for others.
Wayne DeVeydt: First of all, I think it’s important to recognize that the reason for some of the smoothing now relates to ACA related products where you were forced to move up what the actuarial valuation would be for the products offer. So you have in some cases smaller deductible or smaller copay in the first quarter than you would have seen in historical products, which allowed you to earn more in the first quarter historically versus now you earn less but more straight line. Additionally, keep in mind the reinsurance does not kick in until 45,000, and so you are bearing most of the cost early in the quarter this year, but towards the end of the year you will bear less of those costs for those that exceed reinsurance thresholds. So that just a simple factor of why we think it’s more smooth. That being said, that outlook hasn’t changed for us. The one reason I wouldn’t run rate first quarter though is keep in mind that we know that storms had to play some positive factor right and we can do a variety of model giving us a variety of outcomes, but we definitely don’t believe that all of that would necessarily run rate, but we are encouraged with our underlying results. As we said at IR Day, if we can get through 2Q and this trend continues, then I think our guidance would prove to be conservative.
Wayne DeVeydt: We’ve seen modest acceleration in script trends, but I think it’s important to recognize too for example on exchanges we expected acceleration in script trends, and in some ways the exchanges are so early but coming in slightly better than the acceleration we expected. Really have to see you guys is the biggest issue right now, and I think it’s the watch item for the industry. We think we’ve provided adequate coverage by including an incremental $100 million in our outlook and it’s the one area that we feel we have a responsibility as an industry to help control cost for the consumer and we plan to be very focused on that. And the other thing I would simply say is the unit price as a pass-through fee for us. So as other industries are getting their taxes and from the ACA those taxes relatively being passed on to us, which ultimately get passed on to the consumers. And so while we are seeing rising prices there, I do not think we expected much there to occur.
Wayne DeVeydt: Hi, Matt. I think the best way to answer this on the commercial front was to the extent that our membership can exceed our expectations that additional member incrementally begins the recovery of that non deductibility of the tax. We’re out of the gate strong. We are raising our membership outlook. We hope that proves to be conservative. And if it does, in theory, we will begin to cut into the nondeductible tax, which would also be upside.
Wayne DeVeydt: I think what I would highlight in that right now more in large group is retention solid, sales have been solid with expectations, probably the more beneficial items has been the inflection point we talked about in Investor Day about four or five weeks ago around the level of in group change has really moderated. And so while we had been assuming that we will continue to see negative netting group change, we didn’t really see that in the first quarter. Now we are going to continue to maintain an outlook that’s cautious for that to occur, but I think what we are finding is we got good retention, we got good sales and it appears that the layoffs have substantially declined a large group employers.
Wayne DeVeydt: Dave, yes, thanks for the question. Let me please clarify. There will clearly be an uptick for each of those items. The response to Josh simply to say that you’re starting point is just what underlying trend will most likely in like and today we are at 6.5% plus or minus 50 basis points. There is no reason to believe that wouldn’t continue. Items that I think would obviously impact pricing further are going to be the fact that the ACA fee increases next year for us and for other industries and those become ultimately pass-throughs. Clearly have seen if it continues based on our new outlook at the level that it is at that would be something that would have to be adding in as well. But we do think with the size of our book and the positive younger age as we’ve seen coming in that that could be a muted utilization and folks are expecting going into next year, but there are many other factors beyond just trend that we think are going to meaningfully impact rate increases.
Wayne DeVeydt: Yes. I would say it’s not an easy one to answer because it’s going to vary by market, by product. I think that every commissioner has an obligation to ensure that the rates are reasonable and appropriate and we have an obligation to ensure we are driving the most affordable product for the member. So the pricing will ultimately be reflective of what require to cover and if we require to cover more and require to bear more cost, then the rates will reflect that.
