John Gallina: Yes, thanks, Steve. This is [Technical Difficulty] some of the conversations she is having with their state partners. In terms of the government business division in total, just to provide clarity even with the elevated cost structure. That business is operating well within targeted margin ranges and we're very comfortable with that. And as you do look at the government business because we don't spike out Medicaid separately in the press release or in our script.  The government business has declined slightly year-over-year with the Group retiree growth that we had is slightly dilutive, which has obviously positioned us very well for the future. And then as you noted, we have a few select states where we’re not performing at target margins. And we're working with the states on the daily basis to ensure the rates that we receive are actuarially sound and accurately reflect the acuity of the membership. Felicia, maybe if you'd like to talk a little bit about medical management initiatives or some of the other conversations, you're having with state partners.
John Gallina: Hi, Gary, thanks for the questions. In terms of the year-over-year profitability, I hate to use the same answers over and over again and clearly the out-of-period is an issue as you pointed out. The dilution associated with the Group retiree is an issue. We did just launch a new state in terms of Minnesota. Our partnership with Minnesota Blue Cross and Blue Shield Medicaid that's obviously impacting some of our metrics on a year-over-year basis. So, there's a whole list of things, but yes, directionally, I think you're in the right ballpark. And associated with the prior year development, I guess the only comment that I would make is, without disclosing the specificity of line of business is that 12/31/2017 we had the individual business 1.6 million individual members and had the reserves associated with that.  And so then the roll forward footnote, a year ago had the run out associated with individual in it and we only have about 30% of that number of members today and so the run out in here in the current period is obviously based on a much smaller base and that will be a reconciling item on top of the commentary that you made.
John Gallina: Sure. Thanks, Ralph. And in terms of the guidance, I'll provide a little clarity on what's included and then ask Felicia to talk a little bit about the conversations with the state and the fact that a lot of this is still not yet completely finalized. But our guidance is that we have a little bit more than [30 about a percent], about a third of the members within the state right now and our guidance assumes at least for purposes of what we've just provided that we would retain that level of membership. Our guidance also assumes that we will get actuarially justified rates beginning July 1, 2019. And so, I will turn it over to Felicia to talk little bit about the dynamics of what's going on based on that.
John Gallina: Sure. Thank you for the questions and the numbers that you give you just itemized are 2023 targets. So clearly, it will take several years to get to that point. We had disclosed that we expect the combination of both diversified business [Technical Difficulty] to achieve about 8% to 10% of the total revenue of the company on a consolidated basis, which is where the $14 billion came from in 2023 and then – in about 10% to 11% margins diversified business group being a bit higher than that and IngenioRx being in the single-digit margin range. Quite honestly, we're working very closely with many, many folks. But we don’t expect to see a significant ramp in a lot of these sales process, specifically in IngenioRx until 2021. We are wholly focused on getting the transition completed here in 2019 and delivering the full run-rate value that we promised in 2020 and then have a lot of proof points then associated with the sales activity. And then on the diversified business group, we continue to be opportunistic in terms of building out the portfolio. We've had several very positive conversations with other Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans in terms of being able to provide the services. We actually have several Blues who are our customers today. We want to continue and expand those relationships. So, we feel very good about the 2023 expectations that have been provided, but it will take a few years to ramp up to that point.
John Gallina: Thank you, Charles. And in terms of the guidance we're very bullish about how we started the year and we really did raise the guidance because of our strong revenue growth. We grew membership across all lines of business, risk membership at some of the best growth we've seen in quite some within the company, and very, very bullish. Most of the metrics we didn't have to change the guidance on, but very, very strong top line growth. So, I would say, from that perspective. While we are not yet providing 2020 guidance. There is nothing that this guidance raise that does that impacts our long-term growth strategy and the percentages that we laid out at Investor Day at this point in time. And then associated with the SG&A ratio, it is very, very good here in the first quarter. We do expect SG&A ratio to go back up in the latter half of this year as we finalize the accelerated rollout and implementation of IngenioRx and migrate all of our members from now through January 1, 2020 onto the new CVS platform. So, the SG&A ratios and guidance that we provided, we’re going to maintain, because we expect our SG&A ratio to be a little higher the last part of the year than it is here in the first quarter.
John Gallina: Yes, so thanks A.J. and I think just based on the way you phrase the question, I think our answer, very appropriately as to say that we're going to maintain a balanced approach to capital deployment. At Investor Day, I laid out that we expect to utilize 50% of our free cash flow for either reinvesting in the business or M&A about 30% over the long term on share buyback and 20% for dividends. However, that 50% and 30% could actually shifted at any point in time, based on current market conditions and opportunities that are out there. In terms of M&A opportunities -- absolutely we're very focused on the MA tuck-ins that either provide us a footprint or solidify our footprint in the market that we don't have by enhancing capabilities, specifically associated with our diversified business group and various other things, but we're not taking anything off the table at this point in time, but we do want to be opportunistic, we want to make sure it provides the best long-term shareholder value and we will react to market conditions accordingly.
John Gallina: Yes. Thank you, Justin. Great question. And as always, I am always very impressed with your modeling capabilities. But in terms of 2Q, there is a lot of things impacting the 2Q seasonality as much as your things impacting the seasonality of the other quarters. So, you specifically called out that IngenioRx, we're going to start the IngenioRx implementation on May 1, but the vast, vast majority of the membership that transition in 2019 is in the second half of the year and just [half way] that does not even include all of our Medicare business, our individual ACA business that’s slated to migrate on January 1, 2020, which still gives us a full-year of 2020 benefit but zero in 2019.  So, virtually the entirety of the benefit of IngenioRx that was described at Investor Day, the $0.70 to $0.90 increase in our guidance, is all in the third and fourth quarter. And then here in the first quarter, we had the year-over-year issues associated with the Medicaid out of period from 12 months ago. So, the second quarter is normalized, I think it could be, it's the other quarters that are impacting. The only other thing I will say is that the second quarter could be a slight drag from Ingenio given the investment that we're going to make in terms of ensuring that the transition is done very, very well. But at 55%, yes, your math is certainly very credible.
John Gallina: Yes, thanks, Kevin. Great question. One of the areas that really wasn't part of the specific guidance and we are just very, very pleased with the results are in the administrative fee revenue for the quarter and which is the greater upselling of value-added services, as well as the specialty membership and both of those have outpaced our core medical membership quite nicely and really helped contribute to the top line and help contribute to the bottom line.  As said, we did raise our earnings per share by $0.20 this quarter without changing the core metrics. So, we’re still within the balance of our guidance range and are comfortable with our revised guidance. Our growth has been in all lines of business, but we did not provide specific guidance on administrative fee revenue and specialty membership and those did exceptionally well. So, thank you.
John Gallina: You know, Dave, we obviously are spending a lot of money in the first quarter, as well as second quarter with very minimal benefit from IngenioRx in the second quarter, offsetting a bit of it with IngenioRx benefits really being back loaded to the second half of the year, but we have a lot of things going on like, for instance, the dilution of our Group retiree business. I mean that obviously extends throughout the entirety of the majority of 2019. It's going to take us a good year to get the Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota, so that in 2020 we’re going to be more profitable and then even later in 2022, we have target margins on that. All those things are going into the consideration in terms of the year-over-year comparability. So, it's actually, it's a lot of positive things that are having a short-term negative impact associated with the quarter-over-quarter reviews.
John Gallina: Sure. Thanks, Steve. And I'll just say, just to take it off the table, the IngenioRx and whatever structure savings benefits that does not impact the first quarter of 2019 in the MLR at all, but I will say, first, I'd like to reaffirm our medical loss ratio guidance of 86.2% plus or minus 30 basis points. As I said, we've held that constant, as you mentioned, is obviously a big driver, basically 2% of the change. And yeah, but we also have the Group Retiree business, which is again it's dilutive, which means that it's increasing the MLR on a temporary basis. The mix of business we have now versus a year ago is a little bit more skewed to the higher MLR business, especially with the significant growth we've had in our Medicaid lines of business over the past 12 months. And the out-of-period adjustments you mentioned them, yes, it's clearly a driver. So, our cost trends are consistent at 6%, plus or minus 50 basis points. We feel very comfortable with our guidance and in the quality of our earnings.
John Gallina: Sure. The cost of products as you mentioned there's is going to be a new line item. And that is going to relate from an accounting perspective, when we provide PBM services to our ASO clients or independent third-party clients, we would recognize cost of products expense associated with the fulfillment of their pharmacy benefit. And then the revenue, that would be associated with that would obviously be the reimbursement, we would get associated with those cost in our products, those all the value-added services that Ingenio is making and providing and the profit margin associated with that.  As said, that will be relatively small again in the second quarter and then ramp up in the third quarter and obviously be a little bit more in the fourth quarter associated with the $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion of cost. Ingenio, the revenue, I would say or the benefit should reconcile back to that $0.70 to $0.90 improvement in guidance that we provided associated with Ingenio, which would be the revenue aspect of the cost of product, which is the expense number.
John Gallina: Sure. Yes, thanks, good morning. Lance. In terms of medical cost trend as I think I stated in a previous question. So, we are reaffirming our 6% medical cost trend guidance plus or minus 50 basis points. it really is aligning quite nicely with our expectations. I will take this opportunity to clarify that the 6% plus or minus 50 basis points, does not include any aspect of the implementation of IngenioRx in the second half of the year. Yes, that's a that will obviously benefit our drug costs later in the year and provide benefits associated with a lower pharmacy cost structure.  However, in order to provide what we think is better clarity, better information and make it easier to understand and model our business, we are going to provide cost trend guidance in 2019 without the IngenioRx implementation, because it's a partial year for just some clients and provide a result that really isn't all that meaningful and then in 2020 we will – when we provide our cost stream guide to 2020 we will have a full year of IngenioRx baked in. So, it will actually be, I believe far more transparent meaningful the way that we're doing it, but in terms of other issues and trends or areas of concern, after the first quarter, Medical cost trend is very consistent with expectations.
Felicia Norwood: Thank you, John and thank you, Steve. As John said, our Medicaid business is a portfolio of businesses. And when you take a look at a portfolio as large and diverse as ours, you will always see performance variability across our state. As you said, we are not going to get into the details, specifically on a state by state basis, but our team works every day, our state partners to make sure that we are securing actuarially sound rates that really represent the acuity of the population in profile that we're serving.  We have in place in our business, solid foundational ways of managing members, particularly members that are complex and have high cost trends. The addition of our Aspire and CareMore capabilities give us very strong capabilities around managing members who are medically complex. So, we feel very good about our medical management capabilities and we certainly feel very good about our ability to work collaboratively with our state partners around securing actuarially soundly.
Felicia Norwood: Yes, good morning and thank you, Ralph. If you can imagine, we're working very closely with our state partner in Iowa right now and those conversations include a range of discussions, including what happens with respect to membership allocation, as well as what happens with respect to rates. Certainly, out of respect for the conversations that are going on right now, it wouldn't be appropriate to comment on the specifics of those conversations. And as John indicated to the extent things change, we will certainly update any guidance. I will say that our goal and our focus is making sure that we have actuarially sound rates that will allow a sustainable program in Iowa and allow us to continue to serve the Medicaid beneficiaries there and improving [Technical Difficulty].
Felicia Norwood: Yes, thank you for the questions and when we think about 2020. Obviously, we always take a balanced approach as we think about our bid process. This past year, as you know we [Technical Difficulty] we believe that they help to drive growth for us from an overall business perspective and we appreciate the flexibility that CMS has provided in terms of expanding those benefits as we had in 2020. So, when we take a look at where we are, we've obviously been pleased with the growth that we've seen this year and look forward to continuing to accelerate our growth above the industry average as we move into 2020.
Felicia Norwood: Yes. Thank you, Lance for the question. As you know, the Medicaid pipeline continues to be very robust. We have three bids that are before us in Louisiana, as well as Minnesota. That will be submitted over the next couple of months, but most recently we're certainly pleased with our win in Washington DC, which was a rebid for us, but having the ability to continue to serve Medicaid beneficiaries in that state is very, very positive for us. So, we look forward to continuing a strong track record, which is over 83% of our wins. When we go out to bid and look forward to continuing to working with our state partners to serve Medicaid beneficiaries.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thank you. Thanks for the question, Steve, I'll just sort of wrap up. I think our perspective. We see the government business both Medicare and Medicaid as a very strong growth platform for us and feel good about the overall portfolio. And certainly, the Medicare Group business is an area that we've targeted for significant growth. And as John said, we’re fully expected to see that to be somewhat dilutive in the beginning of a contract. Next question please. Thank you.
Gail Boudreaux: And, Sarah, just a few additional comments I think to John's very thorough response. I think as John said, our primary focus in 2019 going into 2020 is the successful migration of our existing book of business. But we are seeing some early traction. As I mentioned in my comments, we did have our second client conference and had very strong attendance. Our integrated guarantees where we're focused on 4% health are resonating, plus we are looking to pull through pharmacy, certainly in the partnerships that we're doing with other Blues and that's the case certainly in our new North Carolina been and I think we have an opportunity to continue to do that across the partnerships that we're forming. So, I think it's a fairly broad-based strategy. But again, intense focus on the migration of IngenioRx in 2019 and we're beginning obviously the selling season, you'll see more of that into 2020 and 2021, and DBG as well, but we see it as a real opportunity to package our products in a very integrated way and look at overall total cost of care. Thank you very much. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you for the question Josh. It's a great question and I mean, I think we outlined much of that at our Investor Day in terms of – each of our Blue partners is unique and each of them has unique set of circumstances, I think a success for us obviously is to consider – is to continue to be able to package our IngenioRx solutions to continue to do partnerships in Medicaid. We're really pleased with the partnership we just announced expanding our Louisiana venture into the dual eligible market, we think that's another great opportunity. So, we're going to be very opportunistic and we have an opportunity I think through our DBG as, as CareMore is expanding with several of our Blue partners as, as Aspire, aim has been a longstanding partner to the Blues. I think as we mature in this space, we look at an opportunity to really package, a series of our off [Technical Difficulty] versus single one-offs and we are going to risk arrangements as well with them, particularly in our CareMore organization.  So, I think that's the maturity of our business. Once we complete our own conversion of IngenioRx, I think that's another opportunity for us to offer. I think a very strong integrated platform in a very different way, because, again, we're partners not competitors with our fellow Blues plans. Thank you very much for the question. Next one please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question, Matt, I'll ask Felicia to provide some more commentary, as you know and I think you said in your question, we're still in the bid process now. So, we will from competitive reasons not go into too much detail, but maybe Felicia will give you a little bit of color on how we're thinking about 2020.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question. Peter. We won't comment on ongoing litigation. But in terms of the joint ventures. I mean those are really born opportunity for us to take – just like we would quite frankly other partners in the marketplace that we're doing joint venture [Technical Difficulty] and really as we've shared before these joint ventures are all very unique and they're all very much driven by the market conditions in that state and really strong platform that we have as part of our Medicaid business, and we see that as a really strong opportunity for us to expand that platform. So, I think it's really, it's that part of our strategy has been very clear that we wanted to work more collaboratively with our Blue partners because we do think many of them have not had the depth of expertise in government programs. And we think that's a huge opportunity for growth we've included that in our outlook. And again, each of these partnerships is very unique and very different. But I would also tell you that we have many of these, for example, the main health ACO and our joint venture in Colorado and behavioral health. So, they're a very broad footprint, broader than just, but again, we do see some significant opportunity with Blue partner again leveraging the strengths that we bring to the market and we think we'll have opportunities in pharmacy and across as well. Thank you. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: Thanks for the question. I think first and foremost, what's really important in this discussion around pharmacy rebates and pricing etcetera is getting to the absolute lowest cost in that, as I shared at Investor Day is really what we're building in IngenioRx on. We start in a very unique position, because we're building a farm PBM, new generation PBM and as you might recall our PBM rates were not competitive. And so, our ability to offer extremely competitive rates in the numbers that we've shared with you really stem from that. From the point of service you on the commercial [Technical Difficulty] once we get through our conversion, we build [Technical Difficulty] for our consumers across our book of business and we think that certainly makes sense for the marketplace and again in the self-funded business our view there is to match what our customers want, we're fully prepared to offer point-of-sale rebates, but again we want to be aligned to what customers want. Your specific question about if rebates were to go away – rebates are affected tool in terms of negotiation. So, I think that's important to remember in this. But again, understanding that we want to be very transparent. On the side of rebates as you think about this, certainly in the government program, HHS has said it will create an alternative discounting arrangement, we need to understand the details of that and work with that. We believe there are other ways to create value through – for example our integrated guarantee and looking at our whole health strategy, which is gaining some traction in the market and there are also other opportunities around product expansion fees, admin fees etcetera. So, it doesn't all rely on those and again I know a lot of focus is spent on rebates, it's less than 10% of the drugs and all drugs, most of the drugs, I would say almost all of the drugs that are rebatable have competition. So, our view on that is that, we think it's a very prudent strategy and we feel very good about being able to launch a PBM that starts in a very different place than trying to retool an existing model. Thanks for the question. Next please.
Gail Boudreaux: Well, thank you very much for the question. Frank. As I noted in my opening comments, we have a bundle of social determines in addition to some over the counter items that we've also added to our Medicare Advantage beneficiaries across our states and really, which benefit selected is really based [Technical Difficulty] that we have probably the most comprehensive offering and we're really pleased with that. We're very pleased that CMS has also expanded the level of opportunity that can be offered going into this, the next year's Medicare Advantage selling season. What we do know about those, the reason's that they allow for us to help manage the whole person care again going back to our original strategy and that's – while it's still early [Technical Difficulty] our Medicaid population that these benefits will ultimately help us manage overall total cost to care and outcomes for our members and also improve our Star ratings. Our quality outcomes are better. I shared with you just the demonstration program that we did here in the Indiana market around Blue Triangle and that's a great example of embedding things beyond just the physical health benefits, but also social issues that impact the people's ability to get care. So, we did include that bundle broadly and again, which of those specific benefits are taken advantage really depends on [Technical Difficulty]. Thank you very much for the question. Next question please.
Gail Boudreaux: I’ll ask John first to address your question on medical costs, and then Felicia to share some perspective on Medicaid.
Gail Boudreaux: Thank you all for joining us today. We very much appreciate your questions for our team. As you can see, we started off this year in a position [Technical Difficulty] growing pipeline of opportunity ahead of us. Our first quarter performance confirms our confidence in our ability to deliver sustainable real growth on behalf of our members and shareholders. Our success is made possible by the dedication of our 60,000 associates who are committed to living Anthem’s mission, vision and values each and every day. Thank you for your interest and I look forward to speaking with you again soon.
